Recent Posts Watch the OnePlus 3T launch event livestream at 1pm Eastern Best Buy kicks off another awesome Black Friday deal early: free $300 gift card with LG G5 Super Mario Run exclusively coming to iOS devices next month, full version priced at $10 Samsung Pay rolls out its very own rewards program stateside Deal: 24 HOURS ONLY: We’re dropping the prices even more on this lineup of sweet headphones Recent Comments Anonymous on Pocketnow Weekly 093: NEVER SETTLE Anonymous on Best Buy has dozens of sweet mobile Black Friday deals in the works, a few are already live Anonymous on Best Buy has dozens of sweet mobile Black Friday deals in the works, a few are already live Anonymous on Are we becoming too dependent on mobile devices? Anonymous on Xiaomi Mi MIX sells out in 10 seconds Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Phones Reviews Tablets Uncategorized Wearables webOS Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org logo sidebar Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Navigation Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Phones 538 New Pixel Live Cases, OtterBox Defender are in the Google Store by Jules WangNovember 10, 2016 6:30 pm Contents Full Article Rating Comments Advertisement Maybe you’re not so hot about the Pixel’s design after all? It’s okay, we know a few types who like to saran-wrap their Jet Black iPhone 7. Fortunately, you have plenty of ways to cover things up. Just as Google has provided some interesting Live Cases for the Nexus phones, it has done the same for the Pixel and Pixel XL. Sure, there are the $40 Live Cases for Places, Photos and a few special artist selections, especially from designer Jeremy Scott. But some new $49.99 cases are coming onto the scene. As with all other Live Cases, the rather simple looking Google Trends case comes with a live wallpaper that shows off the latest top trending searches. The Google Earth Live Case is printed with your choice of Google Earth view and you’ll have the option of pressing the shortcut button to head to that spot on Google Maps. Both cases are on the Google Store and Verizon’s site, listed as “Coming Soon.” In the meantime, you do have the option of taking the durable route with the OtterBox Defender Series cases for both the Pixel ($49.95) and the Pixel XL ($59.95). There’s an inner screen layer, a hard shell and an inner foam lining, all of which should take falls and spills quite nicely. Advertisement likethis What's your reaction? Love It 0% Like It 100% Want It 0% Had It 0% Hated It 0% ViaAndroid Police SourceGoogle Store Posted In Android, Phones Tags cases, Google, Google Earth, Google Maps, Google Store, Google Trends, Live Case, News, OtterBox, Pixel, Pixel XL, Verizon cases, Google, Google Earth, Google Maps, Google Store, Google Trends, Live Case, News, OtterBox, Pixel, Pixel XL, Verizon About The Author Jules Wang Jules Wang is News Editor for Pocketnow and has been on the team since May of 2015. Before that, he was a production intern, editing and producing the Pocketnow Weekly podcast and also editing other video projects from the team. He is a Emerson College graduate of 2015 with studies in journalism. You might also like casesGoogleGoogle EarthGoogle MapsGoogle StoreAndroidPhones   Read More VRS Design High Pro Shield case for LG V20: Protecting a tank of a phone   Read More Google opens up sales for custom Nexus Live Cases   Read More Would you ever switch platforms for accessories? Advertisement Recent Posts Sort   Watch the OnePlus 3T launch event livestream at 1pm Eastern Best Buy kicks off another awesome Black Friday deal early: free $300 gift card with LG G5 Super Mario Run exclusively coming to iOS devices next month, full version priced at $10 Samsung Pay rolls out its very own rewards program stateside 12345 1234 Recommended Videos Connect with Pocketnow Advertisement Recent Podcast Episodes Sort   OnePlus Rumors, Samsung Strategies, and would you date a Canadian? | #PNWeekly 226 Hot Takes on the Huawei Mate 9 and more… after dark | #PNWeekly 225 Surface Studio, New MacBook Pro, and Google’s Pixel Packs Power | #PNWeekly 224 12345 1234 Recent Interviews Sort   Interview: Rehan Asad Assistant VP of Broadband Strategy for AT&T on Gigabit Broadband for LA Is Samsung Pay on a non-Samsung phone a pipe dream? Hangin’ with Dr. Cooper: an interview with “the father of the cellphone” 12345 1234 Recent Videos Sort   AT&T Stream Saver debuts next year as an opt-out 480p video limiter HTC Bolt First Impressions: Unboxing Sprint’s Fastest Phone iPhone 7 in Jet White, Galaxy Note 7 Apology & more – Pocketnow Daily 12345 1234 Get in touch About Us Contact Us Tip Us Follow Us ©2016 Pocketnow.com, All rights reserved. Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news Compare Go
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out technology Search Digital Living Gadgets Games Social Networking Apps Apple and Google apps can organise your photos ANICK JESDANUN Last updated 12:32, November 10 2016 Apple and Google are both applying a form of artificial intelligence called "machine learning'' to organise your pictures and video. If you're like many people, you have thousands of photos on your phone, long forgotten after you've posted a few on Instagram or Facebook. They don't have to stay forgotten. Apple and Google are both applying a form of artificial intelligence called "machine learning'' to organise your pictures and video - and along the way, help you rediscover last year's holiday, dinner with close friends and a casual summer outing to the park. Apple's tools are part of last month's iOS 10 system update for iPhones and iPads. The Google Photos app for Apple and Android devices has a digital assistant to automatically organise these memories - and Google has signalled that it will only get smarter.  Here's a look at how they take you down memory lane: APPLE'S MEMORIES Apple's new Memories feature automatically generates video highlights around a theme, such as a trip or birthday party. Individual photos and snippets from video are chosen for you, as is the music, though you can change it to reflect a different mood. This isn't just a slideshow. There's slow zooming and panning, reminiscent of Ken Burns historical documentaries. Some of the photos also come to life, at least on newer iPhones that automatically take three seconds of video with every photo. When you're ready to share, the app creates a standard movie file - so it works on Windows and Android devices, too. Apple offers up to three new Memories a day. You can create more based on photos you add to an album and generate new automated ones by scrolling down to "Related". You can also add or delete images within Memories - in my experience, a few included mundane screenshots I had to get rid of. Nothing will ever replace the human touch. But let's face it, even though I keep meaning to organise my photos, I never find the time. The machine-generated selections aren't necessarily ones I'd choose myself, but with a small amount of tweaking, they're presentable and will tide me over until I get around to catching up manually ... someday. Ad Feedback GOOGLE'S ASSISTANT Google Photos has been at this longer and offers more types of packages. With collages, Google combines smaller versions of several shots into one layout. Animations combine a bunch of photos taken in succession so that they resemble as a moving image. Unlike typical "GIF'' animation files, Google applies its magic to align successive shots, so buildings and bridges look steady - without the shake common with handheld video. Google also offers albums and video highlights, though without the Ken Burns effect. Google's Assistant generates much of this for you automatically. You can edit auto-generated albums and video highlights, but not collages or animation - although you can create your own from scratch. (That does defeat the purpose of letting the robots do the work, though.) Sharing is easy and doesn't require recipients to have Google Photos. The results vary in quality. I tend to take several shots of the same subject, just in case some are blurry. Yet I get collages and animations out of those repetitive shots. The albums and video highlights I got are grouped by location and date, though Google says it will be doing more with themes , such as following a kid growing up. Most of my computer-generated creations are animations and collages. As with Apple, Google's choices aren't necessarily ones I'd make, if only I had the time. But some are good enough that I look forward to alerts for new ones to check out. I also enjoyed a feature called "Rediscover this day". Google will automatically create collages from shots taken on a day, say, two years ago.  SEARCHING Apple and Google are both getting better at image recognition. Apple's version tends to be more conservative. While Apple found four photos in a search for fireworks, Google found dozens. Google also found more photos with hats, though one was actually a strange hairdo and a few were of a headband. Then again, Apple thought an illustration of a hut was a hat. Google is also bolder with face recognition. Its technology is smart enough to recognise the same child at 2 months and 6 years, while Apple often separates the same child into multiple identities (you can merge them, and things will be fine after that). Google has an edge over Apple in part because it taps its powerful servers to process photos. Apple leaves all the machine thinking to your device as a privacy measure. But Apple says it also favours being right more than complete to reduce the work people need to do to fix things. STORAGE To free up space, both services will automatically clear photos from your phone after uploading them to the internet, once you activate the option. You still have a lower-resolution version on the device and can get the sharper image anytime, as long as you're online. Google Photos offers unlimited online storage of photos at up to 16MP and videos at 1080p high definition - good enough for most people. It will compress larger photos, or you can store the original and have it count toward your Google Drive limit, which starts at 15GB for free. Apple's iCloud Photo Library requires paying once you exceed 5GB, which is enough for a few thousand photos.  - AP Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Apps story: Drowning in a sea of messaging apps Technology Homepage technology headlines Twitter to thwart cyber-bullying Live: 7.5 New Zealand quake Sleeping woman burnt by iPhone PS4 Pro: Hands on review An optimist on the future of energy Consumer drone market slumps Review: Watch Dogs 2 Where did you go Kendall? Singularity U: the disruption will take your job Review: Google's VR headset Reddit's plan to beat Facebook 412m dating accounts hacked Are ear buds bad for you? Quake panic laughed off Spain's plot to end memes Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.5 New Zealand earthquake Earthquake: More cows stranded on an outcrop of land after three saved Earthquake: International flotilla and aircraft drafted in to help with humanitarian relief in Kaikoura A warning to expect the worst Photos: Widespread damage after large earthquake hits NZ Second Wellington building cracks after magnitude 7.5 quake Sydney woman tossed 80 metres after being hit by NZ driver, court learns Earthquake: If it struck at a different time, it could have been "much worse" Region experienced a 'millennial change': Kaikoura Mayor Serious concerns over stability of building in central Wellington Photos: Widespread damage after large earthquake hits NZ Earthquake: International flotilla and aircraft drafted in to help with humanitarian relief in Kaikoura Australian woman burnt by charging iPhone 7 as she slept Wellington-Christchurch ferry link considered as SH1 quake repairs cause freight chaos Earthquake: More cows stranded on an outcrop of land after three saved Region experienced a 'millennial change': Kaikoura Mayor Divers and volunteers band together to save stranded shellfish and sea life Major Morrinsville residential development releases new housing sections Stranded Kaikoura tourists overwhelmed by generosity as helicopters fly evacuees out Ben Ryan reveals $35 million Super Rugby plan to secure Fiji's place on rugby map special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-15 Jana Duggar Takes Backseat At Jinger And Jeremy Vuolo Wedding As Jill Dillard, Jessa Seewald, Joy Anna And Family Dominate ‘Counting On’ News Entertainment 2016-11-15 One Direction News: Niall Horan And Zayn Malik’s AMAs Reunion, Liam Payne Baby Rumors Continue Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-15 Chili’s Restaurant Apologizes After Manager Takes Army Veteran Ernest Walker’s Free Meal On Veteran’s Day Opinion 2016-11-15 Does Kate Middleton Secretly Regard Prince Harry’s New Lady Love Meghan Markle As A Terrifying Threat? News 2016-11-15 Donald Trump Linked To LGBT Suicide Hotline Call Spike: Fears Include Gay Marriage & Health Care News 2016-11-15 Bill Clinton Nude Photo Leaked By Anonymous? Fake President Clinton Naked Pic With Prostitute Fools Twitter [Hoax] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Destiny’ Weekly Reset For Nov. 15, Take A Breather With Wretched Eye Nightfall Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Zelda: Breath Of The Wild’ Will Miss Nintendo Switch Release Date Because Of Development Delays Gaming 2016-11-14 Rockstar Games Removes The Unlock Requirements On More ‘GTA Online’ Heist Vehicles This Week For The Third Anniversary Of ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-15 Google To Penalize Fake News Sites That Peddle Misinformation Using Facebook: After 2016 Election Search Engine To Cut Off Ad Network Support To Shady Sites BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss ‘What Is The Electoral College?’ Google Search Spikes: Is Donald Trump Presidency Causing Americans To Get More Informed? News 1 0 0 November 10, 2016 ‘What Is The Electoral College?’ Google Search Spikes: Is Donald Trump Presidency Causing Americans To Get More Informed? Amanda Katherine The search “What is the electoral college?” spiked on Google following Donald Trump winning the election for president of the United States. Many people are wondering where things went wrong in the election for Hillary Clinton despite leading the popular vote. Questions have been raised, and people want answers. Has Donald Trump’s election to be president caused Americans to get more informed about their government and voting system? Get out & #VOTE! #TrumpPence16 #ElectionDay #USA A photo posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Nov 8, 2016 at 1:39pm PST According to Google Trends, the question “What is the electoral college?” is one of the top questions about the electoral college today. It seems that Americans know that something happened with the electoral college vote, which caused Donald Trump to win the presidency, but it is obvious many people were uninformed about what the electoral college even was. American voters did not let us down. The electoral college did. The first woman nominee of a major party for president won the people's vote — Adam Parkhomenko (@AdamParkhomenko) November 10, 2016 Donald Trump’s election to be president of the United States has half of the country furious and wondering what went wrong, especially because Clinton appeared to have won the popular vote. It is possible that Donald Trump’s win is causing more Americans to want to become informed about the U.S. government and the voting system in order to understand what is going on. RELATED POSTS BY THE INQUISITR Donald Trump’s Son Eric Tweets, Then Deletes Illegal Photograph Of Voting Ballot Voting Is A ‘Flawed Process’ Open To Fraud: Officials Worried About 2016 Presidential Election People Are Googling ‘What Does Trump Pence Mean’: Why Are There So Many Uninformed Voters? According to the U.S. Electoral College: National Archives and Records Administration, the electoral college is a process, not a place. It was created by the Founding Fathers as a compromise so that both Congress and the popular vote of qualified citizens would be considered in the election for president. The electoral college has 538 electors. In order to elect the president, there has to be a majority of 270 electoral votes. Tag someone you know who needs to see this. IWillVote.com A photo posted by Hillary Clinton (@hillaryclinton) on Nov 7, 2016 at 12:47pm PST Your state’s number of electors equals the number of members in its Congressional delegation — one for each member in the House of Representatives plus two for your Senators. The District of Columbia gets three electors because that is the minimum number of electors allowed, according to the 23rd Amendment. Every state in America, except for Maine and Nebraska, typically give the vote of all of their electors to the candidate who receives the majority of the vote. In other words, if Washington D.C. has three electors and two voted for Donald Trump and one voted for Hillary Clinton, the majority of the votes were for Trump, so he would receive the three electoral votes for the District of Columbia. Some states even require their electors to vote for the candidate who receives the most votes, but even in the states where it is not required, Electoral College members rarely go against the will of the people. According to CNN, the electors from each state in this year’s election heavily favored Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, especially ethnically diverse states like California, New York, and Illinois. Those three states had a combined 104 electoral college votes, which is more than a third of the 270 votes needed to win. Everything we’ve worked toward comes down to today. Like this if you're voting for Hillary. hillaryclinton.com/locate A photo posted by Hillary Clinton (@hillaryclinton) on Nov 8, 2016 at 5:45am PST So what happened? The use of the electoral college system means that a candidate can win the popular vote and lose the election. Prior to this year’s election, back in 2000, Democrat Al Gore was defeated by George W. Bush even though Gore won the majority of the votes nationwide. According to CBS News, Hillary Clinton is the second candidate in modern U.S. history to experience that outcome. The other two occurrences were back in the 19th century. Even Donald Trump has reportedly trashed the electoral college in the past. He reportedly deleted tweets that he posted back in 2012. “The phony electoral college made a laughing stock out of our nation. The loser one! He lost the popular vote by a lot and won the election. We should have a revolution in this country!” ???? A photo posted by Hillary Clinton (@hillaryclinton) on Oct 27, 2016 at 7:55pm PDT Many people are wondering why there is even a need for the electoral college anymore. Hundreds of proposals have been introduced in Congress to get rid of the electoral college. However, few have ever gained any momentum to move forward because of how challenging it is to amend the Constitution. There is one proposal to implement a plan that would elect the president based on the national popular vote, and it has slowly been gaining momentum across the U.S. over the last decade. The plan was introduced in 50 legislatures and 10 states, as well as the District of Columbia, have passed this legislation totaling 165 electoral votes. [Featured Image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Klu Klux Klan To Celebrate Trump Victory With Parade Now Read This: Chili’s Restaurant Apologizes After Manager Takes Army Veteran Ernest Walker’s Free Meal On Veteran’s Day Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Amanda Katherine Tags: Donald Trump, election 2016, electoral college, hillary clinton Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘Married To Medicine’ Star Lisa Nicole Cloud Doesn’t Trust Husband After Stripper Scandal? ‘Teen Mom’ Amber Portwood Shows Off Plastic Surgery Results, As Her Fiancé Finally Comes Clean About His Sobriety Chili’s Restaurant Apologizes After Manager Takes Army Veteran Ernest Walker’s Free Meal On Veteran’s Day Olivia Newton-John Launches New Christmas Album With John Farnham, Delights In Daughter Chloe’s Successful Recovery ‘The Grand Tour’: Amazon Offers Prime Discount For Yearly Membership Until Show’s Premiere Date Jennifer Aniston And Justin Theroux May Adopt A Baby From Mexico? [Report] Florida Concealed Carry Gun Holder Shoots, Kills Man Who Was Beating A Cop Kandi Burruss Defends Her Mother’s Comments About Phaedra Parks: ‘They Don’t Hold Back’ Blac Chyna Seeks 70-Lb Post-Baby Weight Loss: Her High-Protein Low-Carb Diet & Fitness Megyn Kelly Dishes On Donald Trump Feud In New Tell-All Book Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 29.5k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 54.1k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 14.1k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 227k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 23.2k 0 0 Could Hillary Clinton Still Become The Next President Of The United States? 8.2k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 10.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines ‘The Grand Tour’: Amazon Offers Prime Discount For Yearly Membership Until Show’s Premiere Date 0 0 0 Florida Concealed Carry Gun Holder Shoots, Kills Man Who Was Beating A Cop 2 0 0 Kandi Burruss Defends Her Mother’s Comments About Phaedra Parks: ‘They Don’t Hold Back’ 0 0 0 Blac Chyna Seeks 70-Lb Post-Baby Weight Loss: Her High-Protein Low-Carb Diet & Fitness 1 0 0 Megyn Kelly Dishes On Donald Trump Feud In New Tell-All Book 2 0 0 Argentina Vs. Colombia: Preview, Prediction, Line-Ups, Kick Off Time, & Betting Tips 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
null
null
Toggle navigation Financials Consumer Discretionary Technology Energy Gaming Healthcare Industrials Sports Video Toggle navigation Home About us Contact Us Authors US Edition November 15, 2016 Financials Consumer Discretionary Technology Energy Gaming Healthcare Industrials Sports Video Google Home Could Do With a Few Tips from the Amazon Echo Facebook Google+ Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon GOOGL AMZN Google Home smart-speaker has been the cause of some speculation online, putting in constant comparison with Amazon’s smart-home controller, the Echo Google Inc’s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) debut of its bluetooth speaker, the Google Home, has received mixed reviews. As the trend of using smart-speakers to control smart home appliances continue to bolster, it seems that the tech giant’s launch of its smart-device has led it in to direct comparison with devices like Amazon’s Echo. Even though the company’s smart-speaker has been integrated with various capabilities, it appears that the device is still not as up to the mark as customers expected. We believe this reaction has mainly surfaced due to individuals’ high expectations of smart-speakers in markets thanks to Amazon. With the advent of the Echo speaker in 2014, Amazon successfully managed to set the bar high for similar devices to follow, and till now, nobody seems to have overshadowed the Echo’s success.  Considering that the voice activated speaker aims to perform as the main smart-home hub for its owners, it’s essential for Google to consider ramping up its offerings in order to capture more markets. As the Echo continues to thrive in markets thanks to its long list of offerings, many users have become accustomed to having access to control third-party services and apps through their smart-speakers. Whether it means ordering a pizza, calling an Uber or playing music; Amazon has covered its tracks well. The e-commerce giant’s decision to integrate its smart-speak with up to 3,200 skills has worked out as a great promotional boost for the Echo’s capabilities in markets. Through this, Amazon not only managed to promote its virtual assistant Alexa, but also got a head-start in promoting the concept of building smart homes. While Google Home has managed to integrate support for Chromecast along with the ability to listen to on-demand podcasts, there is a high probability that the tech giant will continue perfecting the Google Home speaker in the subsequent future. However, for now, we believe that the company may not experience excellent sales for its speaker during the holiday season since Amazon has cleverly chosen to price the Echo at a cheaper rate. The Google Home is priced at $129 for interested buyers. Since the company operates as one of the dominant tech companies in competitive markets, we believe Google Home has high chances to eventually eliminate competition from Amazon in the subsequent future. For now, it appears that the company is simply hoping to take advantage of users’ new-found interest in buying voice-controlled devices to run their smart homes. Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ABOUT AUTHOR Author: Ken Bock Published: November 10, 2016 07:05 am EST Tiger Global Raises Apple Inc., Buys Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, Maintains Fitbit Inc Stakes New OnePlus 4 Spec Leak Screams A 2017 Flagship Killer TSLA, NFLX, AMZN Stocks Recover from Post-Election Fall﻿ trending Verizon Communications Inc. Takes Over LQD New Wi-Fi Technol... Consumer Discretionary 6 minutes ago Tiger Global Raises Apple Inc., Buys Alibaba Group Holding L... TECHNOLOGY 17 minutes ago Alibaba Group Holding Ltd vs Amazon.com, Inc.: A Hedge Fund&... TECHNOLOGY 24 minutes ago About Us TheCountryCaller aims to be the epitome of all news providing outlets combining the dynamic Finance sector, with the latest in all of Technology and Entertainment. Catering to a diverse audience, our visionary authors and analysts keep a watchful eye over the constantly evolving markets and keep our users up to date with the breaking, Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Contact Us Copyright © 2016 The Country Caller ×
Skip to navigation (Press Enter). Skip to sub navigation (Press Enter). Skip to main content (Press Enter). Home About About HC+T About Shel Holtz Services Speaking Social/Digital Media Employee communications Podcasting Services Coordinates Resources Link Blog Books Research and Statistics Blogs and Podcasts Mobile for Communicators Content Strategies and Media Companies Google+ Resources Social Media Primers Social Media Policies Social Media Access The Shel Holtz Daily Calendar Blog Chatbots Contact AI will be a crucial part of PR, but the industry is nowhere near ready 2016-11-10 Posted on November 10, 2016 2:21 pm by Shel Holtz | Chatbots | Marketing | Measurement | PR | Technology Kindle Christopher Penn attended World of Watson last month, a conference named for IBM’s question answering (QA) computing system that brought 20,000 people together to learn and share about data and artificial intelligence and how they can transform businesses and industries. It’s no surprise that Chris, SHIFT Communications’ vice president of Marketing Technology, bought a ticket for the show; Chris is a data geek. What is surprising is that, as far as he could tell, he was the only attendee from a public relations firm. One non-IBM communicator. Out of 20,000. Truthfully, it’s no so much surprising as it is unsurprisingly disheartening. PR has been chronically late to new technologies dating back to email and the Web. While the industry is blessed with some visionaries, most firms continue to commit most of their resources to media relations. If you can’t bill for it today, it’s not worth investing in. As usual, while the PR industry sleeps through the infiltration of AI into our lives, others—including marketing and advertising—are learning it, embracing it, and putting it to work on behalf of their clients. Clients who see want AI to play a part in their efforts will seek help from firms that have the competencies required to execute. Just as a lot of PR work once went to SEO agencies, we stand to be marginalized thanks to our lack of interest in data, analytics, and the technologies that help make the most out of them. (AI is not the only technology gaining ground at which PR will have to become skilled. The “three realities”—Virtual Reality (VR), Augmented Reality (AR), and Mixed Reality (MR)—will fast become as routine a medium as TV and computer screens. (VR alone is predicted to become a $38 billion industry by 2026.) Advertising executives are already bullish on the Internet of Things. And while blockchain technology probably won’t have a direct impact on how we communicate, we will have to communicate about it as it disrupts institutions and industries.) Of all these technologies, it’s AI that will have the biggest impact on PR since social media (another development that eluded the industry for several years). In fact, according to a survey of chief marketing officers, AI will have a bigger impact than social media. The Weber Shandwick survey found 55% of CMOs believe AI will transform marketing and communications to a greater degree than social media has; Sixty percent believe companies will have no choice but to compete in the AI space within the next five years in order to have any chance of survival. Those same CMOs agreed that a key challenge is making sure customers are up to speed on AI so they can understand the value AI-infused products and services bring to the table. In PR, though, it will be a challenge to explain AI to stakeholders when the industry itself barely grasps it. What is Artificial Intelligence? In short, AI refers to computer systems that can perform tasks that usually require human intelligence. AI is aware of its environment. It’s flexible. It learns from experience. It solves problems. Some recent examples: A Sony AI systems wrote a pop song IBM’s Watson created a movie trailer for a creepy upcoming 20th Century Fox sci-fi thriller (after being fed over 100 examples from horror movies) Watson is making it easier for Staples customers to order products “anytime, anywhere, from any device they prefer, including by text message.” Watson is also dishing up recipes based on the weather where you live, the kinds of flavors you like, and the groceries currently in your pantry and fridge, all on behalf of Campbell’s Soup. Financial services company USAA is teaming up with IBM’s Watson to help its military members make the transition to civilian life. According to the company’s vice president of emerging channels, “We’re trying to use a virtual agent to intervene to be more productive for them.” Sesame Workshop (the producer of Sesame Street) is working with Watson to “develop educational platforms and products that will be designed to adapt to the learning preferences and aptitude levels of individual preschoolers.” The tech world is all over AI. Take Facebook for example, which wants to better understand machine learning, so it has donated 22 GPU-accelerated servers to deep-learning researchers in nine European countries. Microsoft has released Concept Graph, a database of words connected to concepts (such as dates, people, and objects) that will help AI machines better conceptualize through “common-sense computing capabilities.” The database contains 5.4 million concepts, and enters a field that includes Google’s Knowledge Graph, that contains 70 billion facts. While some worry about the singularity (when machines become as smart as people) triggering an apocalyptic scenario like Skynet, the neural network group mind that took over the world in the Terminator movies. (A group of tech companies have formed the Partnership on Artificial Intelligence to Benefit People and Society to address just such issues. It includes Amazon, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, and IBM.) The truth is, AI is more likely to help Barbie interact with a child, answering questions and addressing complex concepts like relationships. That a doll will be able to hold real-time conversations should come as no surprise, since it’s the same AI technology that powers the Amazon Echo and its new competitor, the Google Home, not to mention Apple’s Siri, Amazon’s Google Now, and Microsoft’s Cortana. Samsung’s Galaxy S8 is likely to have its own AI-powered virtual assistant accessible by a dedicated button on the side of the phone. AI and PR Some of the roles AI will play in public relations and corporate communications should be fairly obvious. Consider, for example, that the Associated Press is working with Automated Insights to generate AI-written articles about minor league baseball games. AP simply didn’t have enough boots on the ground to cover every minor league game, but with the game stats recorded by MLBAM (the official statistician of Minor League Baseball), the AI agent is able to apply AP editorial standards to craft articles covering the games. It’s not AP’s first venture into AI, which has been behind more than 3,500 each quarter covering earnings reports from U.S. companies. Writers may blanch at the notion of “automated journalism” (AP’s term, not mine), but the fact is that the stories AI is writing for AP are stories that simply wouldn’t get written at all otherwise. That should get PR and communication agencies thinking about the kind of work they can offer clients without needing to add staff just to crank out routine press releases and other content. Some believe that passing this routine writing to AI will free up human beings for assignments that really do require more cognitive abilities. More immediately, though, communicators should be exploring the potential for chatbots. In-house communicators need to consider how to apply them and agencies need to figure out how to provide services that enable their clients to take advantage of them. While it’s entirely possible to deploy chatbots that don’t use AI, the best and most useful chatbots will. Put simply, AI enables chatbots to understand a question no matter how it’s asked and reply based on information gathered from multiple sources. Again, marketing and advertising are all over chatbots. Twitter is introducing chatbots companies can use to automate DM responses to customer service inquiries they get through their Twitter accounts. Yahoo has aggregated its weather, finance, and fantasy football bots into a single app. Messaging app Kik launched a bot specifically to keep its 13-to-17-year-old user base up to speed on election results. Facebook now offers 11,000 chatbots via its Messenger app that let people do everything from ordering and paying for a pizza to finding just the right movie to watch. Trying some out is the best way to get your brain churning at the ways bots can be part of the communications toolkit. At the most fundamental level, though, communicators need to understand that people increasingly would rather text a question and get an answer than look it up on the web or in an app. Even TangoWork, the about-to-launch platform for internal communications chatbots, leverages Microsoft’s AI-based platform so employees will be able to ask a question however they would naturally ask it and the bot will understand, serving up the right responses. But there are ways AI will be important to PR that aren’t so obvious. These are the uses that have occupied Chris Penn’s thoughts. His post on the SHIFT blog after attending World of Watson covers these in detail. What it comes down to is the ability to tell compelling data stories, “the process of making data understandable to humans—to our stakeholders, customers, and the public,” Chris writes. We can better analyze and visualize what people are talking about and what they’re saying, even if they’re saying it with images instead of text. It can allow us to extract patterns from the hundreds of thousands of news stories published every day by media companies. It can even help us analyze how well our campaigns are performing. Our brethren in the marketing industry are already using chatbots to monitor, analyze and (in some cases) manage campaigns from within apps like Slack or Messenger, without having to sign into other systems. RevealBot, for example, is a Slack bot that provides an overview for campaigns, ad sets, or ads with reports and graphs. All a marketer has to do is text, “Show the Fall Sale ad sets from last week,” and the bot will deliver the right data, visually configured for easy comprehension, along with in-message buttons that let the marketer take action in response to the data. Why we should worry At the 2016 IABC World Conference, there were no sessions on data, no less Artificial Intelligence. I heard the same from attendees of the PRSA conference last month. I haven’t seen data, analytics, chatbots, or AI addressed in any communications association’s training sessions or publications. When 55% of CMOs say it’s going to have a bigger impact than social media, we in the industry should be tripping over ourselves in a rush to understand it, experiment with it, explain it to clients and leadership (Almost 50% of senior leadership don’t support their own companies’ data and analysis strategy, believing their gut-feel decision-making process is more trustworthy), and start using it to make our work better and more valuable. There’s good advice already available on how to get ready for AI (like this piece from the Harvard Business Review) that will help communicators get up to speed. I know the odds are low that agencies will be able to bill for AI activities today, or that in-house communicators can justifythe resources to tap into it right now. Ignoring it, though, means clients will seek help from non-PR firms that have invested in building their AI competencies and companies that haven’t acquired the skills in-house will suffer competitively to those that have. I hope to see our industry associations take up the cause of preparing their members for the inevitable part AI will play in communications. As Chris writes, “Public relations is about the what, why, and how of information. Everything we do is predicated on analyzing old material and creating new material. That is the essence of cognition.” No doubt I’ll see Chris next October at World of Watson. I hope I see hundreds of other communicators there, too. 11/10/16 | 1 Comment | AI will be a crucial part of PR, but the industry is nowhere near ready   Comments 1.Interesting. I have to admit, I have some fear of AI. Mostly because I want the human touch. My fear and my passion is for example when food is prepared, cooked and served by a machine, although it maybe perfect it lacks the imperfections that only a human can provide and these imperfections intimate love. Am I crazy? As good as AI is, there is something in the soul that is missing. Thanks Geoff <a href="https://emgage.com/responsive-sharepoint-design">Responsive SharePoint Design</a> Responsive">Geoff Talbot | November 2016 | Los Angeles Comment Form Enter Your Comment: Your Name: Your Email: Location: URL: Remember my personal information Notify me of follow-up comments? What is the four-letter acronym for the International Association of Business Communicators? Please enter the acronym below: « Back Email: .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) Phone: +1.415.881.7435 Cell: 925.864.2249 Skype: shelholtz Twitter: @shelholtz E-Newsletter Sign Up For timely updates, please join our newsletter list: Subscribe to HC+T Update, Shel Holtz’s email newsletter. Categories Sort by Category: --Select Category-- Employee Engagement (4)Chatbots (25)Virtual and Augmented Reality (46)Management (9)The Workplace Experience (39)Sharing and Collaborating (31)Economics (6)Content (201)Instagram (92)Healthcare (10)Visual Communication (112)Wearables (20)Pinterest (52)Advertising (126)Attention (23)Audio (34)Augmented Reality (25)Blogging (453)Books (39)Brands (226)Business (451)Channels (77)Content Curation (53)crayon (3)Crisis Communication (123)Customer Service (64)Death Watch (20)Edge Content (4)Ethics (86)External (113)Facebook (239)For Immediate Release (1388)FriendFeed (1)Geek Dinners (3)Gamification (26)General (232)IABC (40)Google+ (30)Instant Messaging (19)Internal (249)Deconstructing Larkin (11)Intranets (70)Legal (77)Listing (1)Location-based Services (24)Marketing (332)Measurement (77)Media (304)Mobile (218)Monitoring (21)New Media (32)Participatory Communication (32)Podcasting (190)Pointers (10)Politics (62)PR (336)Presentations (11)Publishing (62)QR Codes (25)Research (173)RSS (65)Search (42)Second Life (36)Skype (12)SNCR (11)Social Media (645)Social Networking (81)Social networks (107)Speaking (10)Tagging and Microformats (4)Technology (257)Transparency (40)Trust (37)Twitter (205)Video (134)Web (79)Web3D (3)Widgets (7)Wikis (31)Wireless (8)Writing and Editing (23) Connect             HC+T on Google+  Follow @shelholtz My Pitch Policy Upcoming Engagements Calendar RSS » Latest Podcast Episodes For Immediate Release A weekly podcast for professional communicators from Shel Holtz, ABC and Neville Hobson, ABC. November 15, 2016 Episode #12: How are you engaging your company's millennials? November 14, 2016 For Immediate Release #61: The Election Episode November 14, 2016 Inside PR 457: Close-hold embargos November 08, 2016 The Voice #102: How to Build an Award-Winning Communications Plan November 08, 2016 DIGITAL INDIA #075 : News You Can Use on Digital India November 07, 2016 For Immediate Release #60: One Day More Podcast Feed »   ©2016 Holtz Communications + Technology | Sitemap | Terms of Use | Site by NetRaising This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License
Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Britain and France snub EU’s emergency Trump meeting UK faces Brexit bill of up to €60bn as Brussels toughens stance China revives ‘comrade’ in drive for Communist party discipline UK has no Brexit plan, leaked memo claims Latino groups argue Trump’s immigration stance close to Obama’s US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Britain and France snub EU’s emergency Trump meeting Latino groups argue Trump’s immigration stance close to Obama’s Trump appointment of Bannon raises ‘white nationalist’ fears Global bond sell-off deepens in Trump growth bet Obama reassures Nato on US commitment Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Facebook and Google to restrict ads on fake news sites Warren Buffett invests $1.2bn in US airlines New Europe 100 — changemakers in central and eastern Europe Investment bank cuts in Asia belie long-term ambitions Lego split with Daily Mail puts pressure on other groups Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Global bond sell-off deepens in Trump growth bet Losing euro-denominated clearing would cost London 83,000 jobs Buy dollars is the sudden Trump-era consensus trade US bank shares stage sharpest recovery since 2009 Trump policy effect energises dollar as government bonds sink Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin and the art of a deal with Russia Stephen Bannon’s rise marks the triumph of the alt-right Liberal self-flagellation always assumes a bleak future My quest for cash in Modi’s India A badly designed US stimulus will only hurt the working class Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Skip the empathy, Mr Schultz, and focus on the coffee Can business schools propel women to the C-suite? The dire signal Apprentice Trump sends to bosses Battling for influence — Hu Xijin, editor-in-chief, Global Times Spain’s business schools best for entrepreneurs, FT data show Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read Milan, Italy’s most business-focused city, looks to rival London US against the world? Trump’s America and the new global order The $88m student digs: homebuying for children of the super-rich Lunch with the FT: novelist Zadie Smith Brexit: a coup by one set of public schoolboys against another Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: Google fires back in Android clash with Brussels Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $ 4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Feedback Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
null
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Google Daydream vs. Samsung Gear VR: Which VR ticket out of reality should you choose? Looking to escape somewhere else for a while? Google and Samsung offer the best portable tickets out of town. Sarah Tew/CNET Google Daydream vs. Samsung Gear VR: Which VR ticket out of reality should you choose? 0 Share: Wearable Tech by Scott Stein November 10, 2016 2:38 PM PST @jetscott Up Next Facebook may have built then ditched an update to fight fake news Wanna get away? If you're looking for a ticket out of this universe, at least temporarily, VR can deliver that on your phone. Or, even give you ways to reach out and communicate with the world. Samsung (with Facebook) and Google offer you two options: the Samsung Gear VR, and the new Google Daydream View. They work with recent Samsung Galaxy phones and the Google Pixel or Pixel XL, respectively. Google Daydream vs. Gear VR: Which is the best mobile VR device? Two companies want to put VR on your face through your phone. Here's what you need to know. by Scott Stein 2:08 Close Drag These headsets are the next best thing to wiring yourself into a PC or PS4-connected VR system. Phone-based VR may not allow any walking around -- the apps are designed to be used while sitting down and turning your head -- but having a portable, wireless and less expensive way to try VR is actually a better choice in a lot of ways. It's akin to buying an extra-legroom economy ticket to brave new worlds, rather than splurging on business class. Samsung's Gear VR is the place to go for its massive app collection, but with Daydream you're getting a more knitted-in connection to Google apps like YouTube, plus an excellent wireless controller. Just be ready for a truly sparse app library in Daydream. I've been using both, and here are the big differences you need to know. 7 Google Daydream vs. Samsung Gear VR: Know the differences Daydream View It requires a Google Pixel phone (will support other phones later on). To use Google's new headset, you need the Pixel or Pixel XL. Otherwise, no dice. But down the road, the Daydream View headset is going to work with other Android phones. Not all of them, but some. The Huawei Mate 9 is one of them. It's smaller than Gear VR, and feels like yoga pants. The comfy-cozy outer part is soft and somewhat reassuring, like a security blanket. And the headset is smaller, so it's easier to carry around. Just don't throw it in a bag with velcro strips unless you like the pulled-thread look. It's easy to put a phone in. Once a compatible phone is dropped into the Daydream View headset, it automatically connects. No plugs, no aligning parts. A magic wand is included. The best part of Daydream is a little remote control that's packed in. It works with motion control, like a little Wii remote. You could wave it like a wand, use it like a fishing pole, or turn it into a pointer. It even pops into the Daydream headset when not in use. But, it needs to be charged separately. Google Daydream (left): very few apps. Gear VR (right): lots and lots of apps.Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET It connects to YouTube, other Google apps and Google Play. YouTube launches right into Daydream and is one of the best apps at launch, with tons of 360-degree content and a cinema mode for other videos. Google's support for movies, photos and maps also give it a more essential Android-connected feel. There aren't many apps yet. Daydream only has a few dozen apps. Samsung's Gear VR has several hundred. Some, like the promotional app for the upcoming movie "Fantastic Beasts & Where to Find Them," are fun and free. More apps and partnerships should be coming, but with Daydream you'll be an early adopter. It didn't fit me perfectly. The headset's design didn't fully block out light for me, and some of the apps looked distorted when I looked around. That didn't happen with Samsung Gear VR. But, the lenses didn't fog up like they sometimes do with Samsung's tighter-fitting headset. Gear VR has a side-mounted touchpad. Daydream View has its own separate controller.Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET Samsung Gear VR It needs a Samsung phone. Gear VR connects with Samsung Galaxy S6 phones and later, and the Note 5 onwards. Other Android phones can't be used. Still, at the moment, Gear VR has more compatible phones than Google Daydream View. That should shift next year. You need to plug it in via Micro-USB (or USB-C). Popping a phone into Gear VR isn't bad, but it's a bit finicky. Aligning the plug and inserting the phone isn't as seamless as Daydream. The latest Gear VR also supports USB-C for...well, yeah, the Note 7 doesn't exist anymore. But next year's Galaxy phone will have USB-C for sure. It's bigger and bulkier. Compared to Daydream, Gear VR is significantly larger. But, neither headset is pocket-friendly. A trackpad on the side of the headset controls apps. Instead of Daydream's great wireless controller that's included, Gear VR relies on a side-mounted touchpad that's hard to find and use. Alternatively, some games can use a wireless game controller (not included, but most Bluetooth Android-compatible gamepads work). There are hundreds of great apps to choose from. Oculus and Samsung have built an impressive library of apps and games, including Netflix, Minecraft, and even a growing collection of social apps. This is the place to be for apps until Daydream catches up. The Oculus mobile experience is separate from Android. Unlike Daydream, the Oculus Store app is a separate environment with its own app library. Down the road, that could be a problem when Google knits more Daydream-connected VR features into Android. But, it does have some hooks into Samsung's collection of Galaxy phone apps. Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET So, which do you choose? Sadly, neither Daydream nor Gear VR are cross-compatible. And if you like Google Cardboard-compatible VR apps you might find on your iPhone or Android phone, you won't be able to play them on either, although Daydream will play better with Cardboard apps down the road. (Of course, you don't need either: Get a cheap folding headset like Google Cardboard, and you can try plenty of 360-degree videos and VR apps for iPhone and Android. But you should know that Gear VR and Daydream are both better options.) Daydream might have longer legs, but right now Gear VR is the better experience. Daydream could use Gear VR's app library. Gear VR could use Daydream's controller. Hopefully both platforms will learn from each other and work together, because choosing a between virtual worlds isn't easy. Tags Wearable Tech Mobile Accessories Oculus Android Nougat Virtual Reality Facebook Google Samsung 8 Immersion 8 Interaction 7 Comfort 5 Ecosystem CNET Review Google Daydream View For $79, £69 or AU$119, the Daydream View turns the Google Pixel phone into a capable entry-level VR headset -- with caveats. $79.99 See it Related Stories How to buy Snapchat Spectacles Here's what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like The dream of the no-charge watch: Matrix PowerWatch claims to run on your body heat (hands-on) Best wearable tech of 2016 Close   Discuss: Google Daydream vs. Samsung Gear VR: Which... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Facebook may have built then ditched an update to fight fake news CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV November 10 GOOG: 762.56 -22.75 Check out these photos of Google’s cancelled Project Ara and its full spec sheet Stephen Hall - 5 days ago @hallstephenj Project Ara ATAP View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google cancelled Project Ara — the smartphone project that hoped to bring modular to the masses — a couple of months ago, but that has left a lot of longtime fans of the project (myself included, obviously) wondering about what the device could have been. Now, thanks to Nick Gray at Phandroid, we’re starting to learn a bit more about one of the many Ara concepts… The above photo is just one of several that Phandroid has uploaded in a gallery over at its website, but its looks weren’t exactly much of a secret. Since they actually have the phone in hand, they also managed to pull the full specifications. Based on the photos we’ve seen in this gallery and the video that the site uploaded earlier this week, this looks to be the same model that Google showed off earlier this year at Google I/O 2016. This particular model happens to have a Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 (MSM8994), 3GB of RAM, a 5.46-inch 1080 x 1920 resolution TFT-LCD display, 32GB internal storage, a 3,450 mAh battery, and all the connectivity interfaces you would expect like WiFi, Bluetooth, GPS, and more. We’re not sure if this is correct, but the site lists the rear camera as “2.1 MP” and the front-facing camera as 5MP, both with a fixed-focus lens and 1080p video capture. And yes, there’s a headphone jack. It may not have been clear in the marketing material, but these photos (and the below video) seem to make it a bit more obvious why this project was cancelled. While it’s a novel concept, Google’s ATAP division was a few years into its development when they showed off this prototype at I/O, and the phone was still a monster. I can’t see anyone actually wanting to buy this. But I guess the things Google learned with this cancelled project — as with many others — probably won’t go to waste in the end. Phandroid says that it has more information coming on the device soon, and head on over to their site to check out Nick’s gallery of Ara photos. RIP Project Ara. We hardly knew ye.   Guides Project Ara View THe Guide ATAP View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Skip to main content Subscribe TRENDING NEW ISSUE BRILLIANT 10 OSIRIS-REX DRONES DRIVERLESS CARS ZIKA TOPICS ANIMALS AVIATION CARS DIY ENERGY ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT GADGETS HEALTH MILITARY SCIENCE SPACE TECHNOLOGY VIDEOS BLOGS THE BIODESIGN CHALLENGE BOXPLOT DO TRY THIS AT HOME EASTERN ARSENAL EEK SQUAD KINDERLAB OUR MODERN PLAGUES SPEED LAB SURE HOUSE UNDER THE MICROSCOPE VINTAGE SPACE ZERO MOMENT SHOP FEATURES Archives Follow us email facebook twitter Google Plus instagram tumblr pinterest youTube rss Subscribe SUBSCRIBE to the Magazine Gadgets Daydream VR is Google Cardboard for Grown-Ups Grown-ups with Google's Pixel phone, anyway. By Xavier Harding posted Nov 10th, 2016 at 5:50am Xavier Harding One of these headsets is not like the other. More than two years after releasing the $15 Google Cardboard—a rudimentary VR headset made with plastic lenses, magnets, and a corrugated cardboard shell—Google is unleashing its next act. Cardboard was Google splashing around in the kiddie pool of virtual reality, but Daydream is slicing through the lap lane in a swim cap. It may not have the scrappy appeal (or sweet price tag) of its forebear, but it's slick, unobtrusive, and expensive-looking. (It's also only available to Google Pixel users, but more on that later.) The first thing you notice about Google's Daydream VR is that it just doesn't look like the headsets produced by heavy hitters like Sony or Samsung. Just as Google Home mimics items already around your house, Daydream VR looks like it could go incognito in your wardrobe. It's wrapped in cloth, which looks great and makes it washable. Much appreciated for the germ conscious who let sweaty friends use the VR headsets. While the material makes the headset comfortable to wear, it can feel heavy after extended play. Like many virtual reality headsets, Google's Daydream VR headset uses a single strap to keep the device in place, which simply isn't as comfortable as something like the Playstation VR. Even Samsung Gear VR (which is cheaper) has a second strap to better support the device. Xavier Harding Google Daydream VR This comfy VR headset is the sequel to Google Cardboard. No wires and no plugging things in Google Daydream VR works with your smartphone, which means, unlike Playstation VR, HTC Vive or other more powerful headsets, users won't be attached to a PC or game console. There's no Matrix-esque tethering of your head to the gaming rig, and no need to worry about tripping over a cord. Google's headset has this in common with other virtual reality solutions like Samsung's Gear VR. Where the two differ however is pairing. Samsung's solution requires you plug one of their (hopefully not-on-fire) smartphones into the headset and then lock into place. Google's Daydream VR lets you simply place the phone onto a pad and uses NFC to pair the two. Xavier Harding The Pixel and Pixel XL will pair with the Daydream VR headset wirelessly, using NFC That means that you won't have to worry about the Pixel only offering a USB-C plug when your phone has a micro-USB charging port, or vice versa. Though if you're wondering how this might work with your phone, that brings us to our next point... Xavier Harding Daydream will only work with the Pixel phone. For now. Daydream VR Only Works With The Google Pixel Phone (Sorry iPhone Users) One of the many strengths of Google Cardboard was interoperability. The low-budget VR device let users plug in iPhones, Nexus devices, and Samsung phones. Google's Daydream VR will only work with Google's Pixel phone. For now, at least. Google's goal is to make Daydream a VR standard for phone makers to rally behind. The company has promised that third-party hardware makers like Samsung and LG have Daydream-supporting headsets and phones on the way. For now Daydream VR seems very proprietary, but eventually the supported headsets and phones could allow the same diversity as Cardboard. Xavier Harding The remote is convenient. Until you lose it. Don't Lose The Remote! Google's Daydream VR makes use of a remote control that can be strapped to the inside of the headset when not in use—which you'll want to make sure to do! Because if you lose the remote you won't be able to navigate the Daydream menus. Competitors like Samsung's Gear VR use a trackpad on the side. Even Google Cardboard had one button that users could press to select. The Daydream VR headset has no external buttons on its body. Google hasn't made mention of replacement remotes, but we've reached out to find out more. The remote itself, while irritating by nature of its very existence, isn't too bad. The face has a clickable trackpad and two buttons. On the side is a volume rocker and toward the bottom is a charging port. While inconvenient if lost, the remote is a comfortable experience when compared to raising one's hands and feeling around the side of a VR unit. Plus the remote offers motion tracking and tilt detection. The difference is similar to what separates Nintendo's Wii Remote controller from the Wii Remote Plus. And it can lead to some fun uses, like letting you wave a wand in the Harry Potter Fantastic Beasts game. Just make sure to use that included lanyard. But What About My Wallet? If you already own a Google Pixel phone, (which is a hefty investment), then you'll be happy. Google's Daydream VR is $79, which is more affordable than the $99 Gear VR. If you already own a Pixel phone, the extra money is worth it. If you don't, well, we wouldn't suggest switching your entire tech platform just to get a Daydream VR. After all, there are plenty of other VR options and more are on the way. Tags: Google Daydream VR Daydream VR virtual reality gaming Gadgets Editors' Picks Latest News Videos Subscribe Renew Customer Service Privacy Policy Terms of Use Abuse Masthead Contact Us Popular Science TV Copyright © 2016 Popular Science. A Bonnier Corporation Company. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Visit Our Sister SitesDestination Weddings & HoneymoonFlorida Travel + LifeIslandsSaveurScuba DivingScuba IntroSport DiverBoatingCruising WorldFlyingMarlinMarlin UniversitySailing WorldSalt Water SportsmanSport FishingWakeboardingWaterSkiYachtingAmerican PhotoField & StreamOutdoor LifePopular SciencePopular PhotographySHOT BusinessATV RiderBaggersCycle WorldDirt RiderHot BikeMotorcycle CruiserMotorcyclistSport RiderStreet ChopperSuper StreetbikeUTV DriverWorking MotherWorld Entertainment ServicesWorld Sports & Marketing
Raymond.CC Blog Menu Home Forum Giveaways X-Ray 2.0 Contact About Home » Browser » 7 Chromium Based Browsers With Extra Features 7 Chromium Based Browsers With Extra Features HAL9000 Updated 7 days ago Browser 19 Comments One of the most important pieces of software you will use on your computer is going to be the web browser. There are really three main browser brand names, Microsoft’s Internet Explorer/Edge, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome/Chromium. There’s also dozens of smaller third party browsers around to try out. Although Firefox and Chromium are both open source, the majority of third party browsers are based around Chromium and the Blink engine. Chromium is the browser project from Google that Chrome is based around. The two are very similar but Chrome is more like the public version as Chromium is never officially released as a standalone browser. Chrome has extras like a PDF reader, Flash player, auto updater and multimedia codecs. Each third party browser developer has its own ideas and either takes things out of Chromium or adds new functions and features in. There are several functions built into Chromium and Chrome already but today’s internet user often needs more, which has to be taken care of with extensions. A number of third party Chromium based browsers are really pretty similar to standard and offer a few security or privacy tweaks such as removing communication with Google servers. We’re more interested in looking at a browser that enhances the features and functions over and above the standard Chromium, such as built in ad blocking, mouse gestures, better tab/download/bookmark management or even something unique like a built in VPN or DNS encryption. Here we list seven browsers based on Chromium and the Blink engine that have a bigger feature set and more options than the browser they are developed around. Importantly, the browsers can still directly or indirectly install extensions from the Chrome store, any that can’t were not included. 1. Vivaldi Vivaldi is the newest big player in the browser market with the stable version released in April 2016. It was created by a former founder and CEO of the original Opera. Unhappy with the direction Opera took after moving from its own Presto engine to Chromium’s Blink, they decided to create a new browser that reintroduces many of the features and functions removed from Opera. As a result, Vivaldi is currently popular among advanced users and geeks. Perhaps the most striking difference Vivaldi has over other browsers is the color changing theme which alters the UI color to match the general color of the current web page. A very useful space saving feature is the tab stacking which allows you to drop one tab on top of another to group them together. What Vivaldi has in abundance is tons of options to tweak things like appearance, tabs and the address bar to your preference. As it’s still pretty new, Vivaldi should improve further and pick up more options and features as time goes on. Selected Features: Customizable Speed Dial/Start page with folder groups Auto Color changing UI to match the website you’re viewing Custom themes with scheduling for day and night time themes Mouse and rocker gestures Tab stacking, tiling, cycling, hibernating and preview options Page actions including CSS debugger, content blocker, color filters Side Panel to view bookmarks, notes, downloads and web pages Vivaldi button or horizontal options menu Customize tab bar position, display, handling, cycling, stacking and pinned tabs Custom keyboard shortcuts and quick commands Save and load all tabs in a custom session Reading view mode Bookmark system with thumbnails and nickname shortcuts Quick commands (F2) to quickly find the function or keyboard shortcut Download Vivaldi 2. Yandex Browser Yandex is the Russian internet services giant with one of the biggest search engines in the world. Their Chromium based browser has been around since 2012 and within that time it’s gained many users and some interesting features. The user interface is somewhat different to standard but it still looks and behaves like you’re using a Chromium browser. Yandex Browser is also available for Mac OS X, iOS, Android, and Linux. One of the most talked about and currently unique features in Yandex Browser is DNSCrypt which sends to and receives encrypted requests from a DNS server. The Tableau is a fancy name for a start or new tab page but is nicely done with a default full window animated background, optional personal news feed and a speed dial of your favorite websites. Although the website doesn’t specifically say, the Protect security system supposedly scans downloaded files with Kaspersky. On install, you will be offered the choice of Google, Bing or Yandex.ru as the default search engine. Selected Features: Mouse and rocker gestures (not customizable) Tab position top or bottom with colored tabs to match website theme Disable all notifications for 3 hours Opera based Turbo mode to compress pages and video on slow connections Tableau URL shortcuts for Start page/new tab with Yandex Zen personalized news stories Smart box with advanced search and share to email/Facebook/Twitter Antishock blocks fraudulent or unpleasant ads and popups One click extension install for Evernote, LastPass, Adguard, Lightshot, Pocket, Turn off the lights DNSCrypt sends encrypted requests to a DNSCrypt enabled DNS server Protected mode for banking and payment systems applies stricter security policy Protect security system scans downloads with antivirus and secures webpages/WiFi/settings Ebook and document viewer can read epub, fb2, doc, docx, ppt, pptx, rtf as well as pdf Download Yandex Browser 3. Cent Browser Cent is a Chromium based browser from a small group of developers in China which first appeared in early 2015. If you are someone who wants a more feature rich browser but likes the minimalist user interface of Chromium and Chrome, Cent maybe just what you are looking for. Unlike some other browsers here, Cent sticks more closely to the original look and feel of Chromium with most of its power coming from the array of extra options found in the Settings window. Cent is not the type of browser that is loaded with tons of big features but instead includes loads of tweaks, improvements and functions that accumulate to make a big improvement over the standard Chromium. For example, a few changes to the default new tab page, bookmark layout, toolbar buttons and how tabs look and behave make a difference. The single extension process memory saving feature could potentially reduce memory usage if you use multiple extensions. The drawback is one extension crashing will likely crash the other extensions as well. Selected Features: Changeable tab shape and new tab button. Remove avatar button Toolbar buttons for restore closed tabs, downloads, mute, bookmarks Custom new tab page or edit the default Google new tab page Scrollable tab bar with tab menu to select, close or unload tabs Multiple open/close tab options with custom width and hover activate Hideable bookmarks bar, multiple bookmark columns, left edge bookmarks Custom stylesheet, cache directory and startup command line box Built-in download manager accessible from the toolbar Memory optimizations with auto purge and use a single extension process Mouse gestures, rocker gestures and Super Drag QR code generator in address bar Custom keyboard accelerators and shortcuts including Boss key Fast image saver, auto scroll, custom background color for all web pages Video popup with play in window, enlarge to page, download video/audio Official portable version Download Cent Browser 4. Opera The Opera browser is now over 20 years old and in 2016 was sold to Chinese internet security company Qihoo 360. Opera is still owned and run in Norway though, which has to adhere to local and European laws regarding privacy and data. Back in 2013 Opera made a decision to discontinue its Presto engine based browser and instead go with a Blink based Chromium version. Opera has been introducing some interesting features in recent times which is helping to put it back up there as one of the most used Windows web browsers. The currently most talked about feature in Opera is the new VPN which goes through Opera owned SurfEasy servers. Over 2 million users were added to Opera’s user base within a week of its release. The other recent addition of an ad blocker is very useful. The Speed Dial has been present for a long time and is one of the most polished around. Opera cannot install extensions direct from the Chrome Store, only the Opera extensions site. To get around this install “Download Chrome Extension“, it can’t install Chrome store themes or apps but should support just about all extensions. Selected Features: Built in unlimited SurfEasy VPN with 5 global locations Built in ad blocker with exceptions list and custom block lists Battery saver mode to reduce battery drain while unplugged Opera Turbo pre-compresses pages on Opera servers Video popout enables floating video window Customizable Speed Dial/Start page with folder grouping and news Full window tab previews Mouse and rocker gestures (not configurable) Custom keyboard shortcuts Personal news reader with RSS support Highlight text quick menu with search and copy buttons Enhanced Bookmarks with page previews and customizable thumbnails Fast startup sequence loads multiple tabs quicker when starting the browser Download Opera 5. Slimjet The Slimjet browser is made by Flashpeak who also make the Trident engined SlimBrowser and Slimjet’s predecessor, SlimBoat. Slimjet has been around since 2014 and during that time has developed into one of the most feature and function rich Chromium based browsers available. In addition to the main Windows 7 – 10 version, there’s also versions for Linux and a special version for Windows XP and Vista users. While Slimjet doesn’t contain anything groundbreaking, it is stuffed full of very useful features that aren’t in the standard Chrome/Chromium. All of these add up to make a browser which should have something for average and advanced users alike. The built-in ad blocker is a welcome inclusion and should have broad appeal as will the memory optimization functions, which actually do seem to work. The proxy manager is good for quickly changing between different proxy addresses and the resumable download manager is a handy addition. Selected Features: Built in ad blocker with whitelisting and additional filter lists Multiple connections download manager with resume Video downloader with audio extraction Screenshot capture including selected area mode Built-in video recording of current tab via Screencastify extension Customizable toolbar with 21 buttons and profile switch button remover Enhanced tab options Mouse gestures with basic super drag to search and open links Photo shrink and upload with photo enhancer and clipboard upload Tracking prevention with social network javascript and Google ad blocking Custom cache directory and size Memory management with idle tab unload and auto optimize memory Facebook integration with one click share text/image/link Customizable new tab/Start page with built-in weather forecast Smart form filler with quick fill and auto fill Url alias shortcuts Proxy manager with quick switcher toolbar button Save web page as PDF Profile switch button remove, hide/auto hide bookmarks bar Auto refresh current or all tabs at specified intervals Tracking prevention with remove search engine indirect links and block third party content Official portable version Download Slimjet 6. UC Browser UCWeb’s browser is one of the most well known and popular on mobile platforms but they also have a Windows web browser that’s been around since 2015. The UC Browser user interface is visually quite different from most other Chromium based browsers and the extra themes that can be applied are quite striking. We find the default theme is probably the best looking though. One issue with UC Browser is it’s often three or four major versions behind the current Chromium which means it’s also behind on security updates. One of UC Browser’s most interesting features is the free WiFi option. In reality you don’t really get anything for free and the option will simply turn a wireless enabled computer into a WiFi hotspot. It’s quite simple to do anyway in Windows 7 and above but the browser makes it easier to setup for non techies. Many of UC Browser’s features are media related with the built-in screenshot tool, resource downloader, video popup and image previewer. The included ad blocker and download manager are something all users should find useful. Selected Features: Custom layout with theme support Screenshot tool with built-in editing functions Free WiFi quickly turns your computer into a wireless hotspot Link preloading, next page preloading, auto page scroll Cloud Boost compresses images before loading Mouse gestures and Super drag Customizable keyboard shortcuts, Boss key function Built in ad/popup blocker with custom filter lists and exceptions Built in resource downloader extension to grab on page images, video or audio Online video popup to play video in pop-out window or download video/audio Full window opened tabs viewer with thumbnails Custom user data folder location Customizable new tab/speed dial page with 2 different styles Download manager with Thunder high-speed downloads Image Previewer to see full-size images while hovering over thumbnails Brightness adjustment with auto UI night mode Download UC Browser 7. Sleipnir Sleipnir is a browser from Japan, which is a bit of a pain on the website as most web pages redirect to Japanese pages. Luckily the browser itself is fully multi-language. Sleipnir has two different maintained versions of their Windows browser, 6 and 4. While the version 6 user interface is pretty looking but somewhat of an acquired taste, Sleipnir’s version 4 is the one we are looking at because it more closely resembles a Chromium based browser. We’ve also read several reports of version 6 being quite sluggish to use although feature wise they are quite similar. One of Sleipnir’s most prominent features is tab grouping. The Groups button is to the left of the opened tabs and pressing it will open a new grouped tabs area above. The feed reader is very useful for users that need one as few other browsers include such a feature. Being able to switch between Internet Explorer and Blink rendering engines is good to expand page compatibility while extras like Supersearch, smart search bar, quick security switcher and tab preview help to enhance the browsing experience. Selected Features: Choose from 16 different user agent strings or create your own Includes Internet Explorer Trident rendering engine with per site switching Mouse gestures, mouse aliases and super drag extension Customize keyboard shortcuts SnapCrab window and desktop image snapshot tool Quick security switcher allows default, secure or full access modes Tab groups allows you to create separate sets of color coded tabs Integrated Feed reader Side panel shows bookmarks, history and feeds Clear history, cookies, cache etc on exit Customize user interface by editing toolbar items and buttons Smart search bar popup on highlighting text Auto refresh selected tabs at intervals, refresh all or stop all tabs loading Restore data mode to restore previous bookmarks and opened tabs Supersearch searches the web, search history, bookmarks, history, tabs and actions Tab preview on hover with mini toolbar to bookmark, close or pin page Open tab in SuperView which is a floating window with just the page content and no controls Official portable version Download Sleipnir 4 | Download Sleipnir 6 Note: There are dozens of other Chromium based browsers available and some have useful or interesting features. For instance, Brave Browser has the very good Bravery security/privacy panel and a rather unique ad payments option. Epic Browser has a built in US proxy and the Umbrella button to turn on or off ad blocking and privacy options. Unfortunately, neither support extensions. Avant Ultimate is a triple engine browser which does support Chrome extensions but they are not completely implemented because there is no toolbar with icons to control them. Some Observations About Browser Performance Because all these are Chromium based browsers, they should perform pretty much the same. Of course, included features might consume more or less system resources depending on what that feature is designed to do. While this is not a controlled speed or memory benchmark test, we did make a few notes about anything that stood out performance wise while testing. The memory tweaks in Slimjet really do appear to work and it used far less memory than anything else. Conversely, Vivaldi was the biggest memory consumer by some margin. With seven tabs open it used nearly twice as much RAM as Slimjet. The other browsers were similar to each other but when you take into account some have built in features like an ad blocker, memory usage will not be as high compared to browsers that need an extension to perform the same task. If you have a computer with low memory, Slimjet as a good place to start. We noticed no huge differences in general page load speed (excluding ad blocker usage). Cent launched itself and loaded a predefined set of pages a bit faster than the others though. The difference wasn’t massive but noticeable (2-3 seconds better than average). With a handful of extensions added Vivaldi really slowed down in launch time. In fact, with the same extensions installed Cent could launch and almost load its pages before Vivaldi even opened its window. Chromium releases a new major version around every six weeks or so. As a consequence, the browsers based on it are being updated almost as fast with new features, functions, fixes and tweaks. Although during general testing a few browsers stood out performance wise, it really comes down to whether the browser in question has an appealing feature set that will likely decide whether it’s right for you. You might also like: How To Reopen Accidentally Closed Tab on Web Browsers Sync Your Bookmarks Across Browsers and Systems How to Set Blank New Tab Page for Firefox, Chrome, Edge, Opera, Vivaldi and Internet Explorer 10 Popular Web Browsers Tested for Memory and CPU Usage Warn when Closing Multiple Open Tabs in Chrome, Firefox, Edge and Internet Explorer 19 Comments - Write a Comment pureocean 1 day ago @HAL9000, thanks for the review. Chromium developers had removed the Disable DirectWrite since v53.. Therefore, all fonts now renders only by DirectWrite. Existed the “#disable-direct-write” flag’s the last build is 52.0.2718 or before builds. Many based-Chromium browsers did impressed by removing Disable DirectWrite. just as I guessed, many users has been react to this revert. If you can take a peek to Google-Opera-Vivaldi forums, you should read out there which it’s negative comments and “bring back to Disable DirectWrite” requests. Neither Chromium developers nor Opera nor Vivaldi care about requests, complaints by users. Why I don’t like DirectWrite rendering. It’s fonts tasterized as anti-aliasing style which it is fuzzy, blurry and hurts my eyes (not only me!). Therefore, I’d stuck at old version of Chrome. After I discovered Cent Browser. In this browser “added back disabling Direct Write”. Of course, the Browser’s contains many useful features but for me, above all main priorirty is DisableDirectWrite feature. I try to inform everyone about the Cent Browser. I wish, its would be often update but implementing of the features to last stable Chromium engine couldn’t easy. Reply Gerd Backhaus 1 hour ago Yes, i confirm, that “disable-direct-write” and disable WebRTC are must have features in Browsers. I can not understand, why this 2 Features are removed. And the next big problem is the removed XP support. Reply Zo Pheno 2 days ago The best of all them is Slimjet definitly.. has the option to disabl fully WebRTC settins for flashplayer and many others Reply Tristan 3 days ago Opera with its latest update (41.0.2353.5) appears to have gone in the crapper. I had been using it past 2 years no issue, but just last weekend I got a new SSD and did a fresh install of Windows 7 and after all the updates installed Opera. Right away it would crash seconds after loading a page and would constantly ask if I wanted to make it default and checking yes or dont ask again had no effect. Removing, cleaning the registry and reinstalling fixed nothing. Rolling back to the previous version worked fine and Chrome also worked fine. Sad because I much prefer it to Chrome. Hopefully they can get back on track Reply TeeDubya 4 days ago You left out Torch (torchbrowser.com)? It has 3 built-in features – an excellent torrent downloader (without the need of a dedicated torrent client), media grabber and a player. I use it daily and highly recommend it. Reply HAL9000 4 days ago Yes, Torch was intentionally left out because there are some things about it I just don’t like. Firstly it gets flagged by a lot of security software as malicious because it contains an adware extension. Although it can be removed people shouldn’t have to disable their antivirus to be able to download a browser. Secondly I’m just not sure about the music and games add-ons. The music especially looks a bit iffy on its content. I realise it comes from sites like YouTube but just about all of it looks like copyrighted material to me. Reply Ratcicle 6 days ago Comodo Dragon (Now Chromodo) anyone? Reply HAL9000 5 days ago If you read what the article is about, we’re not interested in listing browsers which are basically Chromium with a few privacy tweaks here and there, there’s dozens around that do the same thing. We’re looking at browsers that have some truly interesting or useful features that Chrome or Chromium don’t. Reply Mohan Mekap 6 days ago Vivldi browser an interesting one. Which I need to try out. I use Chrome as my regular browser and for downloading opera which is now using chromium, opera is one of the best as it has so many different functions but chrome of decent hardware configuration is best among the lot. Reply HAL9000 6 days ago As Chrome is identical to Chromium apart from a few things bolted on, they perform the same. As, like Chrome, these browsers are all based on Chromium they “should” perform similarly, and for the most part they do. Personally, I thought Vivaldi was the overall worst performing out of all 7, for both memory usage and load times in certain scenarios. Reply John Saunders 6 days ago When i had trouble with my computer, a person from telstra australia told me that telstra did not support mozilla firefox and that i should delete it and install chrome. and just a note as well the same person informed me that avast was not a recomended anti virus to use and i should delete it as well. interesting information from telstra, i installed chrome as suggested by them Reply MikeFromMarkham 6 days ago SRware’s Iron is another solid Chromium-based browser that works very well and has better built-in privacy than Chrome. Reply HAL9000 6 days ago SRWare Iron is virtually identical to Chromium apart from a few calls to Google. A lot has been written about Iron and the claims it has made about privacy. There are dozens of other browsers that do a similar thing. What this article is about is browsers with interesting features over and above Chrome/Chromium. Reply Ken 7 days ago Another alternative browser I’ve been using is Brave. Its main special feature is built in ad-blocking. Reply HAL9000 6 days ago Brave is mentioned near the end of the article, it’s quite interesting but doesn’t support extensions, and that rules it out of our list. Reply L.R G 7 days ago What about citrio ;) Reply khemis 7 days ago welcome Reply Sujay 7 days ago Very nice and informative post. :) Reply HAL9000 7 days ago Thanks, and nice to hear from you again Sujay! The post does show there are some really interesting alternatives to Chrome/Chromium around, and many are loaded with useful features. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Note: Your comment is subject to approval. Read our Terms of Use. If you are seeking additional information on this article, please ask in our forum or contact us directly. Name Email Search Raymond.cc Follow us on Google+ Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to YouTube Subscribe to RSS by Email Recently Updated 5 Ways To Monitor Log or Text File Changes in Real Time 6 Free Tools To Analyze Windows LNK Shortcut Files 5 Tools To Get Back a Windows Network Indicator Icon New Articles 7 Chromium Based Browsers With Extra Features 5 Free Automatic Kill Switches for Unexpected VPN Disconnection 4 Ways to Automatically Synchronize Computer Clock on Windows Startup Popular Posts 10 Free Software to Mount ISO Image Files as Virtual Drives Top 10 Sites to Receive SMS Online without a Phone Top 10 Best Free Keylogger Software to Monitor Keystrokes in Windows Suggested Reading 10 Popular Web Browsers Tested for Memory and CPU Usage How to Set Blank New Tab Page for Firefox, Chrome, Edge, Opera, Vivaldi and Internet Explorer Warn when Closing Multiple Open Tabs in Chrome, Firefox, Edge and Internet Explorer 3 Tools for Firefox and Chrome that Optimize Memory Usage and SQLite Databases 3 Extensions to Auto Solve and Bypass CAPTCHA in Web Browsers (c) 2016 Raymond.CC Blog Disclaimer Disclosure Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All TV & Showbiz All TV & Showbiz Bizarre TV Popcorn Music Clubz 'If you've got it, flaunt it!' Luisa Zissman supports The Apprentice’s Alana Spencer’s flirty tactics… despite getting a scolding off Karren Brady Former candidate doesn't see any problem in female businesswomen flirting Exclusive By JILL ROBINSON, SHOWBIZ REPORTER 10th November 2016, 10:36 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments It’s the nation’s favourite Apprentice task; the treasure hunt. Where we watch the candidates race around looking for random items trying to negotiate the best deals. The twist this week was they were doing the night shift. They had to stay up all night and source products from rainbow bagels (who knew they were a thing!) tagines, black soap, cigars and birds of paradise flowers. PA:Press Association 10 Luisa Zissman doesn’t mind female candidates using flirty tactics to get a deal It was fun to watch who had the stamina to last. Trishna and Courtney were project managers this week.  Courtney seemed to have a good strategy from the start, logically choosing to go to the places that would be shutting up shop first. Trishna’s team were just sort of winging it, running around like headless chickens. The red herring this year was rambutan, which after a quick Google I found out was a fruit that looks a bit hairy and is similar to a lychee. PA:Press Association 10 Rebecca Jeffery was the latest in the firing line after a mix-up between soap and soup Of course it’s easy for us to sit on our sofas and Google or wonder why they aren’t ordering stuff on Amazon Prime. But this is The Apprentice, the aim of the game is to make a TV show more than it is to show off your business credentials. PA:Press Association 10 She found herself in the final boardroom yet again after her massive mix up Therefore no Googling is allowed, no online ordering and no Google maps to be able to map their routes and see the distance between place to place. It makes this episode completely irrelevant in any kind of business scenario but hilarious to watch. See which candidate Lord Sugar fires on week six of The Apprentice RELATED STORIES A SOUP OPERA The Apprentice’s Rebecca Jeffery is the latest in Alan Sugar’s firing line after her soap gaff BOARDROOM TO THE BEDROOM The Apprentice's Jessica Cunningham teams up with Katie Salmon for sexy project NOT SUGAR-COATING IT The Apprentice viewers call for show to be CANCELLED as contestants are 'worst in history' 'They can't even spell!' Apprentice viewers cry with laughter as hapless contestants spell the word 'gilet' wrong Also you're banned from negotiating over the phone or discussing prices and reductions – again that could save loads of time for the teams. Alana got Karren Brady’s eyes rolling in a very bad way when she flirted her way to a deal on some cigars. BBC 10 Alana flirted up a storm with a cigar seller BBC 10 The candidate did her best to work her charms on the gentleman Karren’s exact words were that she was a ‘pathetic female’: don’t hate the player Karren, hate the game. I see nothing wrong with Alana's tactics. If you’ve got it, flaunt it and use it to your advantage in every scenario! Karthik was his ever annoying self, spending about an hour chatting to some Indian people trying to buy a lehenga. BBC 10 Karren Brady was not impressed by her approach BBC 10 Luisa thought Alana Spencer was right to do what she could to get a good deal After calling them, brother, sister, uncle etc and attempting to build rapport he managed an average deal. While the other team walked in and out in five minutess and Francis’ direct approach got her a lehenga for £25. The royal f**k up came from Rebecca who called a 24 hour international supermarket on the hunt for black soap and a tagine dish. Apprentice contestants in Corbett style gaffe in search of soap and tagine Feeling thrilled after they confirmed they had both items, the team headed there, but on arrival some dude who barely spoke or understood English showed them to some cheap SOUP and the fridge where he had some chilled tahini. I was wetting myself, poor Rebecca bless her heart. It was definitely a tumbleweed moment… BBC 10 The losing team discussed who was to blame Anyway Trishna’s team lost. It was a mix of bad strategy on her part and screw ups like Rebecca’s that failed to secure them the win. Sofiane - who did nothing the whole task apart from irritate me having to watch him - was back in the boardroom with Trishna and Rebecca. 10 The trio battled it out to stay in the show BBC 10 Rebecca was the latest candidate to leave the process Ultimately Rebecca got fired. I think she was just too sweet for Sugar. Even thanking him after he gave her the finger. Again we were teased with a double firing with Sofiane but again Sugar let us down. I think he is definitely building us up to a triple firing soon!! Topics Karren Brady Lord Alan Sugar Luisa Zissman Reality TV Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in TV & Showbiz Exclusive EXPLOSIVE EXIT Chloe Ferry axed from Geordie Shore after ‘kicking new girl in the HEAD’ over on-off lover Marty TV & Showbiz Taken off-air I'm A Celebrity fans left 'devastated' as ITV bosses CANCEL tonight's show because of the football TV & Showbiz Oh baby! Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan sends fans into a frenzy with shock pregnancy tweet TV & Showbiz Video A crying shame Holly and Phil tear up over desperate mother whose son has threatened to kill himself over bullying TV & Showbiz NUMBER'S UP Eastenders makes a MAJOR blunder as two characters have something very strange in common TV & Showbiz back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz Exclusive EMILY'S OUT ON STREET Corrie legend Eileen Derbyshire leaves soap after 55yrs - ending reign as its longest serving actress TV & Showbiz Pictured IT'S THE SPLITS Jesy Nelson pictured in Australia without engagement ring amid rumours she and Jake Roche have split TV & Showbiz Exclusive ‘SHE WAS BARING HER SOUL’ Simon Cowell shows his support for X Factor star Honey G after shock drug revelations TV & Showbiz devastating family secret I'm A Celebrity star Larry Lamb's secret agony over daughter he hasn't seen in 46 years TV & Showbiz Video Tough times Strictly Come Dancing's Danny Mac hints at personal heartache despite topping leader board TV & Showbiz 'WHAT'S HAPPENED TO HER?' I’m A Celebrity fans left stunned by Carol Vorderman’s fresh faced look TV & Showbiz Peeking out Lady Victoria Hervey suffers embarrassing nip-slip as swimsuit rides down TV & Showbiz knight fright Shocking moment Beverley Knight collapses on stage at Children in Need show... but BBC edits it out TV & Showbiz Exclusive 'Only girl I’ve ever loved ' Geordie Shore’s Marty McKenna reveals secret heartbreak after girlfriend leaves him TV & Showbiz Most Popular Pictured WHO'S THAT GIRL? Meet the three girls joining the Geordie Shore cast including a familiar face from Ex On The Beach TV & Showbiz Exclusive EXPLOSIVE EXIT Chloe Ferry axed from Geordie Shore after ‘kicking new girl in the HEAD’ over on-off lover Marty TV & Showbiz WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News Video MOTHER FROM HELL Probe launched after mum filmed brutally punching and slapping baby ‘because tot wouldn't stop crying’ News Taken off-air I'm A Celebrity fans left 'devastated' as ITV bosses CANCEL tonight's show because of the football TV & Showbiz Oh baby! Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan sends fans into a frenzy with shock pregnancy tweet TV & Showbiz Video RANDY REVELLERS Shocking moment two clubbers were filmed having sex on sofa in Cardiff nightclub News Video A crying shame Holly and Phil tear up over desperate mother whose son has threatened to kill himself over bullying TV & Showbiz back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz NUMBER'S UP Eastenders makes a MAJOR blunder as two characters have something very strange in common TV & Showbiz Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News NEV WIELDS AXE Gary Neville names his best Man Utd starting XI - and there are TWO shock omissions Football Exclusive EMILY'S OUT ON STREET Corrie legend Eileen Derbyshire leaves soap after 55yrs - ending reign as its longest serving actress TV & Showbiz VIGILANTE JUSTICE Shocking moment 'paedo' who raped and killed girl, 4, is dragged out of police cell and hanged News Exclusive 'He's a different person now' Boy, four, 'sexually assaulted in his school toilets by a gang of ten-year-old lads' News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
null
SearchCloudStorage Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchCloudStorage SearchStorage SearchSolidStateStorage SearchConvergedInfrastructure SearchAWS SearchDisasterRecovery SearchDataBackup SearchSMBStorage Topic Hybrid Cloud Topics View All Cloud Disaster Recovery Cloud Storage Backup Cloud Management Private Cloud Public Cloud Topics Archive Please select a category Topics Section News News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities vali_111 - Fotolia Zadara expands hyperscale cloud options with Google storage service by Garry Kranz Staff Writer Google Cloud Platform expands Zadara Storage VPSA and ZIOS hyperscale cloud SaaS options, which already support Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure. This Article Covers Hybrid Cloud RELATED TOPICS Cloud Disaster Recovery Cloud Storage Backup Cloud Management Private Cloud Public Cloud Looking for something else? Storage startup Hedvig CEO: Private, public clouds blurring Hedvig storage update offers multicloud capabilities EMC Enterprise Hybrid Cloud, developer platform get updates TECHNOLOGIES Cloud based storage Cloud computing stack COMPANIES Zadara Storage Inc. PRODUCTS Amazon AWS Microsoft Azure + Show More Sections Share this item with your network: Related Content Zadara VPSA and ZIOS – SearchCloudStorage Zadara Storage ZIOS seeds its cloud storage with ... – SearchCloudStorage Zadara Storage adds on-premises version of VPSA cloud... – SearchCloudStorage Sponsored News Why Hybrid Cloud Object Storage Deployments Require Flexibility –IBM Why Consider the Private Cloud? Why Now? –IBM See More Vendor Resources In Cloud Planning, Make Room for Storage –SearchCloudComputing.com This Year's Best Storage Products: Experts Weigh In –SearchStorage.com Zadara Storage has integrated support for Google Cloud Platform, as it expands its hyperscale cloud storage as a service for block, file and object data. Download this free guide Cloud storage face-off: Public cloud vs. private cloud vs. hybrid cloud storage Every cloud storage option has its pros and cons. Depending on your specific needs, the size of your environment, and your budget, it’s essential to weigh all cloud and on-prem options. Download this comprehensive guide in which experts analyze and evaluate each cloud storage option available today so you can decide which cloud model – public, private, or hybrid – is right for you. Start Download Corporate E-mail Address: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. The move allows Google Cloud Platform customers to access the Zadara Storage Cloud as local physical or hybrid cloud storage via Fibre Channel, iSCSI/iSCSI Extensions for RMDA, NFS and CIFS, Swift and Simple Storage Service protocols. The Google storage cloud as a service is added to existing Zadara support of Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure. Zadara Storage supports more than 50 public hyperscale cloud service providers worldwide, including CoreSite, Dimension Data, Equinix, Ericom and TelecityGroup. Zadara Storage Cloud appliances are designed on x86 servers and the vendor's OpenStack-based Zadara Virtual Private Storage Array (VPSA) virtualization software. Zadara's enterprise-grade cloud allows multiple VPSA and Zadara ZIOS Intelligent Object Storage tenants to run in isolation on the same physical machines. Zadara typically installs its storage appliances at regional colocation facilities that are geographically close to a cloud service provider's main data center. The Zadara equipment uses the public hyperscale cloud tier as a multi-tenant storage target with workload isolation. The vendor also offers VPSA hardware through its On Premise as a Service in a customer's data center. VPSA storage nodes are interconnected using multiple 40 Gigabit Ethernet connections. Each VPSA instance includes dual controllers that access dedicated disk drives, flash and networking, based on a customer's preferences. The biggest challenge in adding Google cloud storage involved the logistics of lining up regional colocation facilities with requisite bandwidth and geographic redundancy, said Nelson Nahum, CEO at Zadara Storage, based in Irvine, Calif. "We cross-connected our Zadara Cloud to Google Cloud Platform. It's a great achievement that positions us to offer a data repository with data protection, backups, high availability and recovery. Customers can share the same data on premises and between multiple public clouds," Nahum said. Zadara's inclusion of Google storage comes as more companies look to hybrid hyperscale cloud storage to boost data sharing and flexibility, said Simon Robinson, research vice president of the storage and information management practice at 451 Research. "Data is the crown jewels of most organizations, and they are rightfully very careful about where that data lives," Robinson said. "That's where an appliance like Zadara can play a role. It used to be a binary choice between keeping it on premises or going wholesale into the cloud. By offering a hybrid of those two choices, Zadara has a chance to help customers [who] want to embrace the benefits of the cloud without throwing away the positive aspects of keeping data local." Zadara's hyperscale cloud software-as-a-service model imposes an hourly charge based on consumed resources per VPSA. Zadara also sells optional services to replicate data between cloud storage platforms for disaster recovery and failover. Customers can choose remote synchronous replication between VPSA appliances or multizone synchronous mirroring between VPSA instances and a local data center. Nahum said Zadara next week will announce a strategic partnership with Intel to offer "flash as a service." The news includes new all-Intel Zadara Storage flash appliances that support 1.6 TB Intel SSDs. Next Steps Why companies consider cloud storage service providers Storing primary data in the cloud Cloud data storage: Not as easy as you'd think Dig Deeper on Hybrid Cloud Storage All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Devise a hybrid cloud implementation plan How to avoid common hybrid cloud implementation mistakes Storage startup Hedvig CEO: Private, public clouds blurring Hedvig storage update offers multicloud capabilities Load More View All Storage startup Hedvig CEO: Private, public clouds blurring Hedvig storage update offers multicloud capabilities EMC Enterprise Hybrid Cloud, developer platform get updates Panzura enables greater expansion of global file system controllers Load More View All News Devise a hybrid cloud implementation plan Zadara VPSA and ZIOS Nearline cloud storage: How to choose a service provider cloud archive Load More View All Get started How to avoid common hybrid cloud implementation mistakes Nearline cloud storage: How to choose a service provider Hybrid cloud benefits driving future of cloud storage Reasons to consider hybrid cloud integration Load More View All Evaluate How to avoid common hybrid cloud implementation mistakes Hybrid cloud benefits driving future of cloud storage Cloud-based data storage: Two ways to use the cloud Hybrid cloud implementation preparation checklist Load More View All Manage Top three hybrid cloud advantages that can improve storage performance Hybrid cloud integration issues solved What are the best cloud storage use cases beyond backup and archiving? Various cloud gateway options and use cases Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Handbook Devise a hybrid cloud implementation plan E-Zine Copy management system saves storage space, cash E-Handbook Cloud-based data storage for primary data made simpler Garry Kranz asks: Which of the leading hyperscale cloud storage service providers gives you the best value? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] Garry Kranz - 10 Nov 2016 12:42 PM Which of the leading hyperscale cloud storage service providers gives you the best value? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Storage Solid State Storage ConvergedIT AWS Disaster Recovery Data Backup SMB Storage SearchStorage IBM Spectrum Virtualize adds support for hybrid clouds Next month, IBM plans to add hybrid cloud capabilities to its Spectrum Virtualize storage software, as well as offering new flash... DataDirect Networks expands Lustre file system storage, IME buffer DDN Lustre file storage adds multi-level security to Lustre, and it announced IME240 NVMe flash is available on 2U commodity ... Hot info on cold cloud storage: Glacier vs. Cool Blob Storage Not all storage needs to be about super speedy SSDs and the lowest latency or retrieval times. Cold storage is an inexpensive way... SearchSolidStateStorage Differences between SSD caching and tiering technologies Brien Posey looks at popular ways of using SSD as cache, including write-around, write-through and write-back, as well as how the... The new HDS VSP arrays enhance QoS and data reduction Hitachi added new VSP all-flash array and hybrid array models and updated the operating system with adaptive data reduction, ... Dell EMC gives the green light for Isilon All-Flash arrays Dell EMC shows off Isilon All-Flash scale-out NAS array at first Dell EMC World; also extends EMC management and data protection ... SearchConvergedInfrastructure Nutanix networking management includes microsegmentation, APIs Nutanix adds 'one-click networks' to its hyper-convergence as part of its plans to become an on-premises version of Amazon Web ... Find the HCI appliance that meets your storage needs Evaluating hyper-converged infrastructure technology can be difficult and may be confusing for IT buyers. This guide has all of ... Hyper-convergence vendors go beyond Nutanix, server giants The hyper-convergence vendor landscape is no longer dominated by startups, which leaves the likes of SimpliVity, Pivot3 and Scale... SearchAWS Real-time app development helps minimize delays The differences between real-time and near real-time application development are invisible to the naked eye, but everyone suffers... Compare AWS Free Tier to free Google, Azure services Cloud providers use several methods to attract enterprises, including offering free tiers of service. But each cloud provider's ... AWS finds a place among multiple clouds, hybrid customers Cloud computing services have expanded into various choices for the enterprise. IT teams must decide whether to go all-in with ... SearchDisasterRecovery Disaster recovery and business continuity plans require updating Updating business continuity and disaster recovery plans can seem daunting, but it becomes easier when you delegate tasks and ... Enhance cloud resiliency with proper data management Explore factors that can influence your level of cloud resilience, such as outages in different geographic locations, and the ... Scale HC3 hyper-convergence gives firm DR for Hurricane Matthew A Florida hedge fund firm added a Scale Computing HC3 hyper-converged node at a DR site and replicated data from a three-node HC3... SearchDataBackup Veritas Backup Exec 16 backs up Microsoft Azure, Windows Server 2016 Trying to rebuild the Backup Exec brand, Veritas adds support for Microsoft Azure, Windows Server 2016 and Hyper-V Server. The ... With Microsoft Office 365 backup, Veeam breaks into new market Veeam's beta program for backing up Microsoft Office 365 pulls in 1,500 downloads within a few days of the offering's release. ... Hyper-convergence boosts data protection systems Though hyper-convergence originally dealt only with primary storage, these days, hyper-converged systems are an essential part of... SearchSMBStorage High-capacity Drobo NAS marks return to vendor's roots New Drobo NAS device -- the B810n -- is unveiled, presenting a single 64 TB namespace that can be divided into multiple SMB ... QNAP Turbo NAS portfolio grows with new rackmount systems QNAP added to its TurboNAS portfolio with a rackmount version of a popular desktop model and a series of NAS devices aimed at ... Drobo B1200i hybrid array redesigned for high-capacity HDDs The Drobo B1200i rackmount hybrid array gets an update, expanding storage pools to 128 TB and adding thin provisioning for up to ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events Features Guides Opinions Photo Stories Quizzes Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2011 - 2016, TechTarget Close
Home News Featured News Columns Front-Page Flashback Out & About Garden Spot Outdoor Adventure Hand in Hand with Elayne Monday’s Warm Cocoa Clerk’s Corner Tech Guru Critter Chatter A Student’s View Museum Memories Matters of Faith Financial Focus Non-Active Columns The Hamilton Papers Movie Reviews Homefront Pioneer Prose In Good Health Blast from the Past The Chopping Block Children’s Justice Center From the Heart Over the Fence Editor’s Notebook Horse Whisperer Family Ties Obits Hometown Sports Sports Feature Articles From the Sidelines Sports Wrap Announcements Weddings Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Missionaries Military Bulletin Board Notes of Appreciation Honors, Awards & Graduations Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Send Letter to Editor Community News School News Special Sections Christmas Writing Photo Gallery Archive Events Subscribe Classifieds Browse Ads Search Ads Place Ad About Us Who We Are Our Staff Media Kit Request a Quote Contact Us Support Extras Tell Me a Story Our Picks Poetry Make One Great Dish Book Reviews Moments in Time Strange But True Short Stories Amazon Store Kindle Store Links Weather (No Ratings Yet) Loading... Scott Lindsay No comments yet Tech Guru 71 Views Related Copy and paste across all your devices Copy and paste across all your devices Using Picture-in-Picture in Safari November 10, 2016 Google exposes a security threat in Windows The week before last, Google released a statement about a security threat located in Windows. Please understand that Google didn’t do this for the better good, but I believe it was a way to strike back at their fiercest competitor, Microsoft. Even though the threat was disclosed to Microsoft first, it was not enough time for Microsoft to develop a patch to fix the vulnerability before Google made the announcement. Microsoft released a patch in Windows Update on Nov. 8 and you should install it immediately. Just go to Windows Update and install all available updates. For those of you using Windows 10, Microsoft states that if you are using the new browser, Microsoft Edge, you would be protected. They also recommend you update your operating system to Windows 10 to be protected if you haven’t done so already. Microsoft also stated that users should uninstall Adobe Flash and reinstall it to get the latest protection as Adobe has issued a patch as well. To do this, first set a system restore point and then go to your Control Panel and click “Programs and Features.” In the listing, click “Adobe Flash” and then click “Uninstall” at the top. Once it has uninstalled Flash, restart your computer. When you get back to your desktop, go to Adobe.com and click “Menu” at the top. At the bottom of the menu, click Adobe Flash and follow the instructions to install it. I recommend you select to allow Adobe to update Flash automatically so you always get the latest updates. As a computer tech, I have watched how the intensity has grown between Microsoft and its competitors, especially Google. When Google introduced its Chromebook (laptop running Chrome, not Windows), it entered into a territory that has been dominated by Microsoft and Google wants a big piece of it. Unfortunately, the Chromebook has not done very well and I feel this move was a way to help drive more customers from Microsoft to Google. What bothers me most about this is that Google seemed to care very little about customers or potential customers and the damage that could be caused by announcing this issue too soon to the public, before Microsoft had time to issue a fix for the problem. I know that competition can be ruthless, but in my opinion, Google made the wrong choice in announcing this the way they did. If you would like to read more about this, you can go to a post by Microsoft’s Terry Myerson, the Executive Vice President, Windows and Devices Group, and read what he felt about it. Here’s the link: blogs.technet.microsoft.com/mmpc/2016/11/01/our-commitment-to-our-customers-security/. For 15 years, Scott Lindsay has helped tens of thousands of people better their skills, publishing more than 400 articles about Apple and Microsoft software, the computer and the Internet. You can reach Scott for comments or questions at ScottLindsay@live.com. Share Post Tweet 0 Comments Recommended Copy and paste across all your devices Copy and paste across all your devices Using Picture-in-Picture in Safari Use Snap feature to multitask several windows at the same time Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Events Calendar Local Weather For more weather including 7 and 10 day forecasts click HERE. Menu Featured News Hometown Sports Columns Classifieds Obits Links Amazon Store Kindle Store Who We Are Contact Us Request a Quote Send Letter to Editor Help & Support Contact Us Toll Free: (866) 721-9992 Local: (435) 882-0050 Fax: (435) 882-6123 Email: tbp@tooeletranscript.com Hours of Operation Monday – Friday: 8:30 am - 5:30 pm Closed Sat. & Sun. Who We Are At the Tooele Transcript Bulletin, we provide up-to-date news and advertising for Tooele County, Utah. Founded in 1894, our twice-weekly newspaper has been serving readers and the community for nearly 120 years. In addition to the newspaper, we provide a broad range of print, digital and strategy services. Our parent company, Transcript Bulletin Publishing, has in-house graphic designers, photographers, writers, pressmen and technicians that create cool stuff, from print pieces and websites, to signs and graphics. Want your business or organization to be seen in a fresh and exciting way — without busting your budget? We can help. Visit our website at www.tbpublishing.com ArticlesArticles Select Category A Student’s View Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Blast from the Past Book Reviews Breaking News Bulletin Board Children’s Justice Center Christmas Writing Clerk’s Corner Community News Critter Chatter Editor’s Notebook Editorials Family Ties Featured News Financial Focus From the Heart From the Sidelines Front-Page Flashback Garden Spot Hand in Hand with Elayne Homefront Hometown Honors, Awards & Graduations Horse Whisperer In Good Health Letters to the Editor Make One Great Dish Matters of Faith MIlitary Missionaries Moments in Time Monday’s Warm Cocoa Movie Reviews Museum Memories Notes of Appreciation Obits Op-Eds Our Picks Out & About Outdoor Adventure Over the Fence Photo Gallery Photos of the Month Pioneer Prose Poetry School News Short Stories Sports Sports Wrap Strange But True Tech Guru Tell Me a Story The Chopping Block The Hamilton Papers Uncategorized Weddings Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (105) October 2016  (235) September 2016  (247) August 2016  (257) July 2016  (230) June 2016  (256) May 2016  (247) April 2016  (228) March 2016  (270) February 2016  (222) January 2016  (214) December 2015  (250) November 2015  (207) October 2015  (259) September 2015  (251) August 2015  (259) July 2015  (260) June 2015  (257) May 2015  (240) April 2015  (268) March 2015  (276) February 2015  (229) January 2015  (241) December 2014  (304) November 2014  (241) October 2014  (289) September 2014  (294) August 2014  (252) July 2014  (316) June 2014  (282) May 2014  (292) April 2014  (292) March 2014  (272) February 2014  (259) January 2014  (272) December 2013  (258) November 2013  (253) October 2013  (323) September 2013  (246) August 2013  (298) July 2013  (293) June 2013  (265) May 2013  (316) April 2013  (318) March 2013  (287) February 2013  (259) January 2013  (306) December 2012  (285) November 2012  (276) October 2012  (294) September 2012  (89) August 2012  (37) July 2012  (37) June 2012  (18) May 2012  (19) April 2012  (246) March 2012  (300) February 2012  (250) January 2012  (13) December 2011  (29) November 2011  (15) October 2011  (9) September 2011  (11) August 2011  (13) July 2011  (9) June 2011  (17) May 2011  (12) April 2011  (8) March 2011  (11) February 2011  (12) January 2011  (13) December 2010  (9) November 2010  (10) October 2010  (12) September 2010  (11) August 2010  (12) July 2010  (9) June 2010  (10) May 2010  (9) April 2010  (9) March 2010  (6) February 2010  (4) January 2010  (6) December 2009  (9) November 2009  (6) October 2009  (8) September 2009  (71) August 2009  (7) July 2009  (8) June 2009  (3) May 2009  (6) April 2009  (1) March 2009  (2) February 2009  (2) January 2009  (3) December 2008  (4) November 2008  (4) October 2008  (7) September 2008  (3) August 2008  (4) July 2008  (6) June 2008  (4) May 2008  (4) April 2008  (7) March 2008  (5) February 2008  (5) January 2008  (4) December 2007  (5) November 2007  (4) October 2007  (2) September 2007  (6) August 2007  (1) May 2005  (276) April 2005  (310) March 2005  (323) February 2005  (101) Designed, constructed and managed by Transcript Bulletin Publishing, Tooele, UT ©
Sections You are not signed in.Sign inRegister HomeDevelopmentPublishingPolitics & LawMedia & MarketingMobileVR & ARFinancialAcademiceSportsEventsGames Industry Jobs Life after Pokémon Go: Niantic's next evolution CMO Mike Quigley discusses the future of Go, working with developers, new business models and doubling the size of the studio Christopher Dring Senior Editor Thursday 10th November 2016 Share this article Recommend Tweet Share Companies in this article Niantic Winter is coming. It's a problem most games developers don't have to worry about. In fact, the cold weather tends to help game sales. Yet for Niantic, the creators of this year's biggest gaming phenomenon - Pokémon Go - it's a challenge. The mania of the summer, when the mobile title took over the world, may have subsided, but Pokémon Go remains widely played. It still sits atop of the iPhone grossing charts, where it has been since it debuted, and last week - when Niantic ran a series of activities around Halloween - the game saw its global daily users increase by 13.2 percent over the prior week (in the US, where Halloween is a big institution, that increase was 19.2 percent). The real world MMO remains a big deal and is generating significant sums of money. But it's also a game that has benefitted from its summer release window - the challenge now will be getting players out and about during this period of colds and overcoats. "We'll monitor this stuff, and come this time next year, we might start to think about doing things for the likes of Germany, the UK and North America, who are going through their winter," says Mike Quigley, the chief marketing officer at Niantic. "A lot of people give us credit for the summer release timing, but we also saw strong pick-ups in places like Australia and Brazil, when it was winter for them. There's a lot of seasonal dynamics we need to consider. It's a variable that most developers don't need to worry about. Hopefully we can learn and figure out ways to keep consumers engaged. Maybe there will be other spikes in corresponding glove and hat and coat sales." The fact that Niantic is planning for next year is further evidence that Pokémon Go is not about to just disappear. The game almost erupted overnight when it launched at the start of July, quickly hitting 500m installs. In August, one prominent journalist told me that 90 percent of his site's traffic was coming from stories and guides about the game, while it even became a regular feature on TV shows, mainstream websites and had garnered plenty of celebrity fans. The title has transformed Niantic, a studio that began as an 'autonomous unit' within Google - basically a separately run business within a bigger structure. It span out as an independent developer last year, and immediately attracted big investors in the form of Google (again), Nintendo and The Pokémon Company. We expect the team to double in size over the next 12 months." Mike Quigley, Niantic "This gives us the best of both worlds," says Quigley. "We still have the full support of Google, plus now Nintendo and The Pokémon Company, and with the independence that we wanted so that we can move quickly. We have a lot of flexibility." One year after that investment, the success of Pokémon Go has put Niantic in an extremely strong financial position. Yet the studio insists it's going to be careful when it comes to spending money. "We expect the team to double in size over the course of the next year," Quigley says. "But that's us going from about 70 right now, to being within the 140 to 150 range by the middle of next year. We want to be mindful of cost and how we scale. We are growing but doing so responsibly and carefully, so that we don't get ahead of ourselves." He continues: "Most people don't know this, but this is our CEO John Hanke's fourth start-up. With that experience, he is very, very thoughtful about how, when and where we invest. We are brutal in terms about our prioritisation of where we are going to add funds, staff and resources, and also identify places where we are going to hold-off and see how the business is doing. Pokémon Go turned out to be beyond our wildest expectations, but if it had just gone mediocre, we'd still would have been ok. It is a marathon, not a sprint. We have the patience to take that long view. "Take Ingress. That is a game where we didn't even introduce some of our most popular features until Year Two. That's not code to say that major features for Pokémon Go are not going to come until Year Two, we have a lot of big updates that will be coming imminently. But staying steady and stable, and just taking it week-to-week, month-to-month, has put us in a unique position." Pokémon Go predecessor Ingress is still going after four years It didn't take long for Quigley to mention Ingress. Pokémon Go may be the big sexy thing in Niantic's product portfolio, but Ingress is what it was all built on. The Pokémon Company's CEO Tsunekazu Ishihara was a high-level Ingress player, as was his wife, which was why he reached out to Niantic in the first place. Ingress - which is also a real world experience - is now into its fourth year and has just passed 20m installs. It's also, along with sales of Nintendo's 3DS products, benefitted from Pokémon Go's success - proving the old adage that a rising tide lifts all boats. "As people are enjoying Pokémon Go, some of them have also discovered Ingress," acknowledges Quigley. "You know, relative to Pokémon Go it is a little bit more targeted towards a core gamer, because there are other types of gameplay in there that we've added over the four years, so it's a little further along. We are proud of Ingress and we will continue to invest in it." Ingress has been a great learning tool for Pokémon Go, Quigley says. Although the firm was shocked by the sudden popularity of the game, much of how the players behaved was in-keeping with how Ingress users acted. Pokémon Go became the biggest game in the world overnight Ingress also taught Niantic about anti-cheat tools, customer support and how to promote its product within the community. Of course the sheer scale of Pokémon Go created its own unique issues, particularly as millions of people began wandering around the streets staring at their phones. Reports of Pokémon Go accidents were widespread, as were complaints from museums and places of worship that were suddenly inundated with Pokémon Go players trying to catch creatures or battle in gyms. "This type of experience, where you're going out and exploring your cities, at this scale, yeah, those sort of things will happen," Quigley concedes. "It's been a learning experience for our operations team. This has been a top priority for us. When there's a location that's particularly sensitive, we try to address it as quickly as we can. "As for player safety, that's a pretty big point for us. We're constantly monitoring it." Not everyone is complaining about the placement of PokéStops and Pokémon Gyms, however. In fact, physical retailers have called on Niantic to put their stores into its game, which has presented the developer with an interesting alternative business model. "It's nice to partner with retailers for Pokémon Go as a secondary revenue stream. It means we don't have to make hard decisions around whether we want to put advertising in the game." Mike Quigley, Niantic Quigley says: "I remember in the early days of Ingress, we made a conscious decision not to light up in-app purchase, which is the primary revenue stream for every free-to-play game, right? We decided not to do that because we wanted to explore some other secondary and tertiary revenue streams that were unique to us and the real world experiences that we create. "We had a lot of learnings with a lot of partners during Ingress, including some that have stuck with us. SoftBank Mobile, in Japan, was an early partner with us on Ingress and they came over and became a partner on Pokemon Go. McDonalds in Japan is a partner with us, Toho Cinema [also Japan] is another one, and we just announced the first in a series of deals outside of Japan. Globe Mobile in the Philippines, have had their locations integrated into Pokémon Go. "It is nice to have a secondary revenue stream that is unique to us, so that we don't have to make hard decisions around whether we want to put advertising in the game, or other elements." He continues: "It sounds kind of silly to say, but we don't focus on monetisation. It isn't a topic metric for us. We are pleased with our conversion rates with in-app purchases, and people can look at the charts and come to their own conclusions. "From a classic game perspective, it is more like an MMO than anything else. We have a lot of different planned content releases and major new features. You've seen new features over the past couple of months once we caught our breath after the summer. You'll see more of that and hopefully we can keep people engaged, and if they want to spend money, then that's ok." "We want other developers using our technology platform." Mike Quigley, Niantic The question for Niantic now is: where next? The firm will continue to support its two titles, but with its biggest game being based on an IP it doesn't own, surely that creates pressure to build something else it can call its own? "Right now, we are taking a portfolio approach," Quigley says. "Granted, there are only two games in the portfolio right now. We've said for year that, we are looking to enable other IP holders and developers to create these types of experiences on our technology platform. We want other developers using our technology. Pokémon Go is the first example of that. "There will be future games down the road, but nothing to show yet. That is still the long-term plan and from my learnings from Electronic Arts after 11 years there, it is nice to have a portfolio of games." He concludes: "But we are still locked arm-in-arm with The Pokémon Company on Pokémon Go and working together for the foreseeable future. It's been a fantastic partnership. "Now we have come out of the tidal wave of craziness that happened in the summer, and people look at the small things and some of the bigger things that we have launched, or will launch, hopefully that gives them confidence that we will continue to invest in Pokémon Go, and hopefully we can keep a lot of those people engaged. Some will lapse out, that's the nature of mobile free-to-play and we've all seen those curves. So if that happens, it wouldn't surprise us. But we are not really focused on that. We are focused on making it a great game, continuing to invest in it, and the consumers can decide." Sign up for The Mobile newsletter and get the best of GamesIndustry.biz in your inbox. Related stories Pokemon GO still generating about $2m a day - Newzoo At its peak, the wildly popular game was generating revenues of $16m each day, Newzoo says By James Brightman A month ago Niantic facing court in The Hague over Pokémon Go Fears over damage to a protected beach raise questions over efficacy of Niantic's grievance procedures By Matthew Handrahan A month ago Latest comments There are no comments on this article yet. Why not be the first to post one? Sign in to contribute Email addressPasswordSign in Need an account? Register now. Now hiring
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SuperMoon ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Cell Phones/ Batteries & Power/ Google Slams Proprietary Fast Charging on Android Devices Google Slams Proprietary Fast Charging on Android Devices By Stephanie Mlot November 10, 2016 11:35am EST 10 Comments Google is discouraging phone makers from using third-party fast charging solutions like Qualcomm Quick Charge. A recent update to Google's Android documentation attempts to discourage handset makers from using proprietary charging methods like Qualcomm's Quick Charge. Instead, Google "strongly recommends" that, alongside the increasingly common Type-C standard, manufacturers adopt USB Power Delivery—which Google implemented in its recent Nexus and Pixel devices for fast charging. "Type-C devices are STRONGLY RECOMMENDED to not support proprietary charging methods that modify Vbus voltage beyond default levels, or alter sink/source roles as such may result in interoperability issues with the chargers or devices that support the standard USB Power Delivery methods," the Android doc explains. For now, this is voluntary, but "in future Android versions we might REQUIRE all type-C devices to support full interoperability with standard type-C chargers," according to the document. This is not the first time Google has addressed this issue. Google engineer Benson Leung, a USB evangelist of sorts, first discussed his concerns in a late November 2015 blog post about whether Qualcomm QC and USB Type-C can coexist on the same connector. In a nutshell, he said, "Type-C Spec forbids it." //Related Articles Oppo Wows With Fast-Charging Super VOOC, Image Stabilization Tech As Android Authority outlined earlier this year, the USB Type-C specification requires that a port's Vbus line sits between 4.45 and 5.25 volts. Qualcomm Quick Charge, however pushes that to 9 or 12 volts. In April, Qualcomm said "Quick Charge is designed to be connector-independent. It can be implemented in a device that supports a variety of connectors, including USB Type-A, USB micro, USB Type-C, and others. At least two flagship smartphones, the HTC 10 and LG G5, include Quick Charge and USB-C. Back to top Previous : Report: Note 7 Batteries Tested In-House By Stephanie Mlot Stephanie began as a PCMag reporter in May 2012. She moved to New York City from Frederick, Md., where she worked for four years as a multimedia reporter at the second-largest daily newspaper in Maryland. She interned at Baltimore magazine and graduated from Indiana University of Pennsylvania (in the town of Indiana, in the state of Pennsylvania) with a degree in journalism and mass communications. More » More Stories by Stephanie Explore the Red Planet in 'The Martian VR Experience' The $27 virtual reality game launches on Nov. 15 for PlayStation VR and HTC Vive. More » Google Play Music Serves Up Tunes With Machine Learning Subscribers can tap into 'richer' recommendations, a fresh user interface, and offline playlists. More » Samsung Eyes Car Market With $8B Harman Buy The transaction, expected to close in mid-2017, will give Samsung a leg up in the connected car mark... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Related Reviews Apple iPhone 7 Plus Blu Life One X (Unlocked) HTC 10 Motorola Moto Z Force Droid The Best Phones of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SuperMoon ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Mobile Apps/ Mobile Operating System/ Google Defends Android in European Antitrust Case Google Defends Android in European Antitrust Case By Tom Brant November 10, 2016 03:01pm EST 10 Comments Android is competitive with Apple's iOS and a boon for software developers, Google argued. The Android mobile operating system helped usher in the era of cheap smartphones and gives consumers greater choice over apps than Apple's iOS, Google argued today in a response to an antitrust complaint from European regulators. Google insisted its practice of pre-installing its own suite of apps on Android smartphones and tablets is easily reversible by end users and doesn't prevent device manufacturers from pre-installing their own rival apps. The filing was an official answer to a European Commission investigation into anti-competitive Android practices opened last April. The Commission is focusing on three potentially illegal practices: Google's requirement that manufacturers exclusively pre-install its own apps; preventing developers from installing "Android forks"; and bundling of certain services to hinder rivals. "The response we filed today shows how the Android ecosystem carefully balances the interests of users, developers, hardware makers, and mobile network operators," Google explained. "Android hasn't hurt competition, it's expanded it." Google also argued that its measures to prevent forks—versions of Android that device manufacturers heavily modify—do not violate antitrust laws. Forks are discouraged to prevent the kind of fragmentation that would dilute the Android experience and render it less competitive with iOS, Google explained. //Related Articles Google to EU: Our Shopping Search Results Are Fair Even though Google prefers that its partners offer a pure Android experience, they are not required to do so. Android's Open Source Platform (AOSP) offers manufacturers the ability to customize the OS nearly any way they see fit. Devices based on that platform include Nokia's X line, introduced in 2013. The OS on those phones resembled Windows Phone devices, and they did not ship with Google's Play store for downloading apps. But it's basically an all-or-nothing proposition. Either you go with AOSP and launch with no Google services, or choose Google and bundle all the apps its requires. You can't mix and match for a phone with Google Maps but Yahoo search pre-installed, for example. Despite Google's assurances, the European Commission has traditionally taken a tough stance on antitrust issues in the tech industry, including a landmark ruling against Microsoft in 2007. Google's response this week is the latest official filing in what could be a drawn out investigation with parallels to the Microsoft case. If Google loses, it could face a penalty of $7.5 billion, or 10 percent of its annual revenue, although the New York Times notes that Europe has levied much smaller penalties in previous cases. Back to top Previous : Google Starts Android Nougat 7.1 Rollout to Developers By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Get Free Samsung Gear With New Rewards Program Samsung loyalists will now earn points based on how many Samsung Pay transactions they make. More » MIT Demos Wireless Connection for VR Headsets Millimeter wave transmissions can replace the cord, but they might be superseded by truly standalone... More » Zuckerberg: 99% of Facebook Content Is 'Authentic' He also reiterated his belief that fake news stories shared on social media didn't influence the pre... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Virtual Reality Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map November 15, 2016 09:54:25 AM PST TechNewsWorld > Technology > Emerging Tech > Virtual Reality | Daydream Believers May Boost VR, Suggest Early Reviews By Peter Suciu Nov 10, 2016 1:22 PM PT Reviews for Google's Daydream View VR headset began to appear on Thursday, and the consensus among those who were able to test the new US$79 device appears to be two thumbs up. Although it has limitations, Daydream could be a gateway to affordable virtual reality technology, they suggested. The headset, which is powered by the VR platform introduced in Android 7.1 Nougat, needs to be paired with Google's new line of Pixel and Pixel XL phones. Unlike Google's low-end Cardboard headset, Daydream is made of lightweight fabric and paired with a simple yet intuitive controller. As with any new technology platform, there is a chicken-and-egg challenge to overcome regarding software for the device, but Google already has lined up content from a number of partners, including The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, USA Today and CNN, in addition to its own offerings. Early adopters will be able to make virtual visits to museums, faraway cities, other planets and more. The View headset also can operate as a very personal home theater, providing a virtual big screen experience. Google has lined up partners including YouTube, Hulu, HBO Now and Netflix. Daydream also can be used as a VR video gaming platform. VR Done Simple The Daydream View is a rather simple unit, but it provides a true VR experience for the budget-minded early adopter. "The View might be significantly more wearable than a Google Cardboard viewer, but it's still essentially the same thing: a phone holster with some lenses in it," wrote Peter Rubin for Wired. "One of the strongest points Daydream View has in its favor is the comfort of wearing it. ... Google has hit the mark with its design," noted Digital Trends' Julian Chokkattu. Among the Daydream View's limitations are power consumption. "VR apps and games will drain your phone's battery quicker than almost any other activity," wrote Nathan Olivarez-Giles for The Wall Street Journal. Control Issues The controller for the Daydream View, which reviewers mostly praised, is not without its issues. The consensus view seems to be that there is much room for improvement. "It sometimes stops working," noted Chokkattu, in his case, possibly due to a lost Bluetooth connection. "My controller's position sometimes drifted out of place, mostly during experiences that snap the cursor toward something on screen, pulling it away from the remote's real-world orientation," wrote The Verge's Adi Robertson. The Reality of VR Today VR technology is still in its early days, but Daydream View is a "much more serious crack at bringing VR to mainstream audiences," said Roger Kay, principal analyst at Endpoint Technologies Associates. "It is a great showcase for YouTube VR," he told TechNewsWorld. However, Daydream View "is really still just the entry level to VR," observed Roger Entner, principal analyst at Recon Analytics. "This is a device that the early evangelist will adopt, as it provides a basic VR capability," he told TechNewsWorld. "Google Daydream View has the benefit of being Android device-agnostic as opposed to the Samsung Gear VR, and at a lower price -- $79 vs. $99," noted Stephanie Llamas, lead analyst for AR/VR technology at SuperData Research. "The Google name also lends itself to brand visibility, which will attract the trust of many consumers," she told TechNewsWorld. From Dream to Reality Along with its many pros, Daydream View has some challenges to overcome. One obstacle is its lack of compatibility with most phones on the market right now, suggested Super Data Research's Llamas. "Users need to purchase a Pixel phone until more phones are compatible with Android Nougat and the device itself, and even then they will need to upgrade, which may exclude a lot of consumers for a long time," she explained. That said, ubiquity is likely to be one of its strengths in the future, suggested Recon Analytics' Entner. "Many phones will have great Daydream capabilities in a short time, and it is Google's drive to build a standard," he pointed out. The Daydream's content catalog leaves much to be desired, but by the time the adoption of compatible devices is realized, "Google will have rolled out more experiences that both come from reputable developers and reach a wider audience," predicted Llamas. Even if it achieves compatibility among phone models, the mobile platform could pose difficulties. "Mobile is still the weakness, as a phone doesn't have the horsepower to do VR right," Entner warned. "This is really a VR-lite solution -- and while everyone can have it, the technology really can't hold a candle to a computer-based solution," he added. "Who wants to do VR if it isn't really fully VR?" VR in the Real World It can be argued that mobility isn't advantageous for a technology that disconnects users from their physical surroundings. "VR needs to be used in a protected environment," said Entner. "You are truly replacing your reality with a virtual one, and this can put you at risk when you can't see the real world," he cautioned. "You need VR in a room with no obstacles and where people mean you no ill -- so mobile isn't the best way to go," Entner said. Still, "this is still the early days -- and for the early adopters, this is a way to wet the whistle." Peter Suciu is a freelance writer who has covered consumer electronics, technology, electronic entertainment and fitness-related trends for more than a decade. His work has appeared in more than three dozen publications, and he is the co-author of Careers in the Computer Game Industry (Career in the New Economy series), a career guide aimed at high school students from Rosen Publishing. You can connect with Peter on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by Peter Suciu Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts What effect will the Trump presidency have on efforts to combat climate change? We'll see grave environmental damage instead of progress. Fear of negative consequences will spur more positive actions. Trump probably will come around to a more moderate position. We won't see much change either way in just four years. Trump will expose the climate change hoax -- and it's about time. Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times BlackBerry to Deliver One Last Keyboard Phone Russia May Kick Out LinkedIn Google Insists Android Plays on Level Field in Europe Twitter Shuffles Deck as COO Bain Steps Down Election Day Cybershenanigans Highlight Need to Shore Up Security Silicon Valley Reels From Trump Shock Commerce Dept Signs Up Private Sector IT Partners Google Cites Amazon Competition in Response to EU CRM Buyer Marketo VP Mike Telem: ABM Lets You Dust Off Old Marketing Techniques Engagement and Loyalty Salesforce Sets Up Lightning Community to Zap Competition AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Microsoft Rebrands Many Customers Aren't on Board With Self-Service Trend Should Salesforce Buy NetSuite? The End of Marketing LinuxInsider wattOS Energizes Aging Hardware AWS Gives Customers On-Premises Linux Option Ubuntu Releases IoT Core Platform Q4OS+Trinity Gives New Meaning to Lightweight Microsoft Open Sources AI Toolkit Antique Kernel Flaw Opens Door to New Dirty Cow Exploit Linux Foundation Spurs JavaScript Development Red Hat and Ericsson Forge 5G, IoT Open Source Alliance SPONSOR SHOWCASE Join Tomorrow's Intel Pioneers Introducing the Georgetown University master's in Applied Intelligence. Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld Conspiracy Theories in the Information Age, Part 2 Hype Video Broadcast App Has Niche Potential Why Trump May Be the Better Technology President First Hyperloop Could Blaze a Trail Between Dubai and Abu Dhabi Defeating Malware With Its Own DNA Samsung's Next Galaxy Phone Could Have Siri-Like Smarts Google's Pixel Wins a Place in the Sun Election 2016: Either Way, More Drama Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2016 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
null
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Google lawyer says Android helps rather than harms competition Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Thu Nov 10, 2016 | 11:23am EST Google lawyer says Android helps rather than harms competition A man holds his smartphone which displays the Google home page, in this picture illustration taken in Bordeaux, Southwestern France, August 22, 2016. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau By Foo Yun Chee | BRUSSELS BRUSSELS Google's Android mobile operating system boosts competition rather than hurts it, the company's general counsel said on Thursday, in a rebuttal of EU antitrust charges that it uses the platform to crush rivals. The comments by Google general counsel Kent Walker on a blog came a week after the U.S. technology group rejected two other EU accusations of unfairly promoting its shopping service and blocking competitors in online search advertising. The Android case could potentially be the most damaging for Google. Android has made about $31 billion in revenue and $22 billion in profit for Google since its release in 2008, an Oracle Corp lawyer told a U.S. court in January. Android's market share in Europe is above 90 percent, according to the European Commission. Walker said the Commission has got the whole case wrong, ignoring both the fierce rivalry with iPhone maker Apple, the demands from apps developers and the dangers of modified versions of Android. "The response we filed today shows how the Android ecosystem carefully balances the interests of users, developers, hardware makers, and mobile network operators. Android hasn’t hurt competition, it's expanded it," he said. The case is distorted because the EU competition enforcer does not see Apple's iOS as a rival to Android, he said. "To ignore competition with Apple is to miss the defining feature of today's competitive smartphone landscape," Walker said. The company said it bundles some of its apps and products in order to offer the package for free instead of charging upfront licensing fees. Such a practice put Microsoft in the EU crosshairs, eventually resulting in millions of euros of fines for the U.S. software company. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso confirmed receipt of Google's response. Lobbying group and complainant FairSearch, whose members include U.S. travel sites Expedia and TripAdvisor, dismissed Google's arguments. "The truth is that Android is today a closed operating system, and any claim to the contrary is disingenuous. Google imposes severe sanctions on those who defy its insistence on conformity," FairSearch lawyer Thomas Vinje said in a statement. The EU antitrust enforcer intends to hit the company with deterrent fines in the Android and shopping cases, according to charge sheets seen by Reuters. The penalty could reach $7.4 billion, or 10 percent of Google's global turnover, for each case if it is found guilty of breaching EU rules. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Jane Merriman and Mark Potter) Next In Technology News Exclusive: Wells Fargo to unveil robo-adviser partnership with SigFig Wells Fargo & Co is set to announce a partnership with SigFig for clients to use the robo-adviser's technology and wealth management investment tools. GE acquires two artificial intelligence startups SEATTLE General Electric said on Tuesday it has acquired two tech startups to build its artificial intelligence capability, a move that helps it compete with IBM's Watson product. Chinese consumers' body takes up complaints of iPhone shutdowns with Apple The China Consumers Association (CCA) has asked Apple to investigate "a considerable number" of reports by users of iPhone 6 and 6s phones that the devices have been shutting off and cannot be turned back on again, it said on Tuesday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Protesting Trump’s win Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Wearables Wearables News Google Daydream View VR Headset Now Available; YouTube VR and Daydream Android Apps Launched  Sanket Vijayasarathy, 10 November 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Google's Daydream View virtual reality headset is now available in US, UK, Canada, Australia, and Germany. Announced last month at the Google Pixel launch event, the Daydream View is the first headset based on the Daydream standard, which was unveiled at Google I/O this year. As of now, Daydream View works only with the Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones. Just in time for the first Daydream View receiving their units, Google has launched a few supporting Android apps - the Daydream app and the YouTube VR app are now available for download via Google Play.The Daydream app follows the Daydream Keyboard and VR Services that are already available on the Play Store. The Daydream app houses a collection of apps and games for Daydream-ready phones. Google is also launching exclusive content for the Daydream View. The company has partnered with video-game producers and sports leagues to boost its virtual-reality initiative. Google has also launched the YouTube VR app, which will let you watch 3D or standard 360-degree videos with the Daydream View headset. Google is collaborating with YouTube content creators for producing 360-degree videos for Daydream View. Daydream users can search for videos in YouTube VR through voice or a keyboard much like the standard YouTube app. More Daydream-ready apps are being launched apart from Google's own apps. The company's partners like Warner Brothers and CNN have also launched apps supporting Daydream like CNN VR, Fantastic Beasts, and The Guardian VR, among others. Setting up the Daydream app will be straightforward and users will need to add a payment option to complete the setup. Tags: Google, Daydream View, Daydream App, YouTube VR, Virtual Reality, VR, Daydream VR, Wearables Sanket VijayasarathyEmail Sanket When not indulging in reading or writing, Sanket fanboys over The Flash, Star Wars, Coldplay, and U2. A techie by day and TV show junkie by night, he believes both go ... More Bingo G-200 Wi-Fi-Enabled VR Headset With Built-In Screen Launched at Rs. 5,999 Nintendo Confirms the End of Wii U Production Google Daydream View VR Headset Now Available; YouTube VR and Daydream Android Apps Launched MESSAGE Sanket Vijayasarathy Fields marked with * are mandatory From: *   Email:   Message: *   2000             Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Gionee S9 Vivo V5 Huawei Mate 9 Pro HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Motorola Moto M Lyf F8 Asus ZenFone 3 Max (ZC553KL) General Mobile GM5 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G Porsche Design Huawei Mate 9 Meizu Pro 6s Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 ZTE CYMBAL-T Popular OnePlus 3T iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » Panasonic Eluga Turbo In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 13,999Rs. 7,999 Yu Yureka Plus In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 12,500Rs. 6,389 Micromax Canvas Juice 4G ... In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 8,100Rs. 5,999 Zen Cinemax 3 In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 7,999Rs. 4,349 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe UPI Could Help With the Cash Crunch - So Why Is No One Using It? Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Kunal Dua MacBook Pro 2016 Is the Touchscreen Mac You've Always Wanted Advertisement Recent Soon You Could Play More Games on the NES Classic Edition Console Super Mario Run for iPhone and iPad Release Date and Price Revealed OnePlus 3T Name Seemingly Confirmed by Company Site Hours Before Launch WhatsApp Extends Support for BlackBerry, Nokia Platforms Till June 2017 Samsung Unveils Incentive Programme to Attract Tizen App Developers This Website Can Help You Find Nearby ATMs With Cash Nike's Latest Self-Lacing Sneakers Won't Cost the Earth Woman Allegedly Burnt When She Fell Asleep on a Charging iPhone 7 Lyft Lifts Off With New Look, Light-Up Beacons Here's What You Could Pay for the Nintendo Switch More News TRENDING How to Get WhatsApp Video Calling Right Now WhatsApp Now Offers Video Calls, Optimised for India Connectivity Issues OnePlus 3T With Snapdragon 821 SoC Set to Launch Today Vivo V5 With 20-Megapixel Front Camera, Front Flash Launched in India Vivo V5 First impressions Woman Allegedly Burnt When She Fell Asleep on a Charging iPhone 7 This Website Can Help You Find Nearby ATMs With Cash OnePlus 3T Name Seemingly Confirmed by Company Site Hours Before Launch Nike's Latest Self-Lacing Sneakers Won't Cost the Earth Samsung Galaxy S8 Tipped to Launch in 5.7-Inch, 6.2-Inch Screen Sizes Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
Featured Story: How to Root Android: Our Always-Updated Rooting Guide for Any Phone or Tablet Android Gadget Hacks: Unchaining Android to enable tomorrow's features today — WonderHowTo News: Quick Charge 4.0 Is Coming Even as Google Warns OEMs Against It Carib Guerra 4 days ago Quick Charge 4.0 Is Coming Even as Google Warns OEMs Against It If you're an Android fan, you're probably familiar with Qualcomm's Quick Charge technology or, at the very least, what it can do. Quick Charge 3.0, the third generation of Qualcomm's fast-charging technology, is built into most Snapdragon SoCs and it's what lets you charge your phone's battery up to 70% power in just 30 minutes. What's not to like? Well, rumors have now surfaced that Qualcomm will be launching Quick Charge 4.0 bundled within the Snapdragon 830 sometime in early 2017. This news comes on the heels of the updated Android Compatibility Definition Document (CDD) in which Google outlines the dos and don'ts of building Android devices. According to the new CDD, OEMs building Android phones with USB Type-C inputs are now "STRONGLY RECOMMENDED to not support proprietary charging methods that modify Vbus voltage beyond default levels," like Qualcomm's Quick Charge does. For now, this edict is more heavy suggestion than punishable offense. However, Google goes on to note: "While this is called out as 'STRONGLY RECOMMENDED', in future Android versions we might REQUIRE all type-C devices to support full interoperability with standard type-C chargers." — Android Compatibility Definition Document The problem is that Quick Charge—along with similar products from MediaTek, OnePlus, and others—is a proprietary technology, which means that only devices and chargers that have paid to license the tech are able to use it. This creates interoperability issues that can range from annoying (you can't quick charge your phone at your friend's house because they don't have a compatible charger) to legitimately dangerous (you burn down your friend's house by charging your phone anyway). Keep in mind that the CDD only warns against proprietary charging for USB Type-C devices and not older USB types. Google isn't being petty here. USB Type-C supports its own standard of power delivery called USB Power Delivery. It's fast, but it's not nearly as fast as the proprietary methods that Google hopes to shun. When reached for comment regarding the new guidelines, a Qualcomm representative responded to us with the following: Quick Charge and USB Type-C are compatible. There are many smartphones on the market today (more than 100 using Quick Charge 2 or 3) utilizing both USB Type-C and Quick Charge 3.0/2.0. These devices are compatible with both technologies. Certified Quick Charge adapters are designed to communicate with a given device to deliver the requested voltage. In fact, Quick Charge intelligence helps ensure the proper charge is delivered regardless of connector type and cable length or thickness. Quick Charge 3.0 and USB Power Delivery can co-exist in the same ecosystem, providing unique benefits for different use cases. Quick Charge 3.0 offers a low cost, and in most cases free, method for improving charge time without the processing overhead, development complexity and cost adders associated with USB-PD. For use cases that do not demand some of the USB-PD features, Quick Charge can cost as little as one tenth the bill of material to implement. Furthermore, Quick Charge will still allow a high level of efficiency and fast charging. — Qualcomm PR The issue for Google comes down to universal interoperability for Android devices and chargers. It's another face of the fragmentation issue that has plagued Android from the start, and Google's latest moves have shown that the company is keen to unify its ecosystem. In theory, universal interoperability is good for consumers as a whole, but if it means waiting longer to charge their phones, is it something that consumers actually want? For their part, Qualcomm also let us know that: "Quick Charge technology is much more than a communications protocol (i.e. USB-PD), and therefore can be easily adjusted to provide all the benefits [to] OEMs, carriers and consumers while also adhering to Android requirements." — Qualcomm PR So while the chip manufacturer wouldn't comment on future products, we may yet see a Quick Charge product that plays nice with the competition. Don't Miss: Google's Nexus Chargers Could Be Dangerous—Here's Why You Need to Be Careful Follow Gadget Hacks on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and YouTube Follow Android Hacks on Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest Follow WonderHowTo on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Google+ Cover image by Qualcomm/YouTube Related News: The Latest Google Pixel Phone Leaks Show It All News: It's Official—The Made by Google Pixel Smartphones Are Here News: The Pixel Exemplifies Google's New Hardware Philosophy—To Do It Right, Do It Yourself News: LG's New Wireless Charger Is Three Times Faster Than Other Wireless Chargers PSA: Enable This Hidden Setting Before Modding Anything on Android How To: If You're Seeing Lock Screen 'DU' Malware When Charging, Uninstall These Apps Right Now How To: Convert Any HTC One into a Stock Google Play Edition with Bootloader, Recovery, & OTA Updates How To: Add Inductive Charging Capabilities to a Samsung Galaxy Nexus, Note 2, and Other Android Devices How To: Add Custom Shortcuts to Your Quick Settings UnaPhone Zenith: The No-Google, Super-Secure Android Phone From 0 to 100% in 15 Minutes: The Fastest Phone Charger Ever News: The 5 Best Android Calendar Apps to Replace Your Stock One News: Sony's New Xperia Comes with the Best Selfie Camera Ever It's Official: Worldwide Recall of Samsung's New Galaxy Note7 News: Google's Nexus Chargers Could Be Dangerous—Here's Why You Need to Be Careful How To: The Easiest Way to Find Creative Commons Images for Anything You Want How To: Jailbreak an iPhone 3GS on iOS 4 with Pwnage Tool 4.0 How To: Fix a "Not Charging" problem on an Apple iPad News: Russia warns Israel against attack How To: Deal with Waiting for a Google+ Feature News: News Clips - June 6 News: US spy agency can keep mum on Google ties: court How To: Sneak Past Web Filters and Proxy Blockers with Google Translate How To: Weapons for the Urban Guerrilla: Make a Taser from a Disposable Camera News: The Federal Laws Every Hacker Needs to Know to Stay Out of Prison News: Move2Picasa Moves Facebook Photos to Google News: The Google+ API Has Finally Launched with Read-Only Public Data Google+ Pro Tips Round Up: Week 8 News: The Google+ Rap from Zach Katz News: 22 Google Chrome Extensions to Make Google+ Even Better News: Project Zomboid Has More Problems than the Guy in this Screenshot How To: Play Emulated Games on Linux with Your Xbox 360 Controller News: Google+ Pro Tips Weekly Round Up: Google+ Community Projects Take Off DEBUNKED: 3 Viral Google+ Myths News: Fix Your Google+ Frustrations with 18 More Chrome Extensions How To: Download Your Data with Google Takeout Force Lightning: How to Make a Shocking Cookie Jar Any Sith Lord Would Be Proud Of How To: Filter Unwanted Calls & SMS for Free with Google Voice News: 10 Chrome Extensions to Jumpstart Your Google+ Wishlist THE FILM LAB: Shadows on the Wall (and how to get 'em off) Be the First to Comment Share Your Thoughts You Login to Comment Click to share your thoughts Hot Latest News: Quick Charge 4.0 Is Coming Even as Google Warns OEMs Against It How To: Get the Pixel's Navigation Buttons & Google Assistant Animation on Your Nexus PSA: If You're Having Auto-Focus Issues on Your Pixel, It's Probably Your Case's Fault How To: Google Actually Has 4 Different 'Assistants'—Here's the Best One for You How To: Get the Pixel's 'Zero Shutter Lag' Camera with HDR+ Features on Your Nexus How To: Google Now Is Banned in Several Countries—Here's How to Enable It How To: Don't Wait for Google—Get Night Mode Right Now on Android Nougat How To: Make Your Pixel's Screen Up to 20% Brighter How To: Use Facebook's New Snapchat Clone 'Flash' on Any Android Phone User Testimonials: Why People Are Switching from iPhone to Pixel How To: Get Motorola's Active Display Features on Your Pixel or Nexus How To: This App Lets You Tweet & Take Notes from Android's Quick Settings Panel How To: Enable True Stereo Sound on Your Pixel XL How To: 20 Google Home Easter Eggs & Fun Commands How To: Install the ElementalX Custom Kernel on Your Pixel or Pixel XL News: Google Assistant's New Fantastic Beasts Voice Commands Turn Your Phone into a Wand How To: Get Rid of Google Assistant on Your Pixel & Switch Back to Google Now How To: Root Your Google Pixel or Pixel XL How To: This Snapdragon-Optimized Chrome Is Faster Than the Official Build & Adds Gesture Support How To: Make Google Assistant Control Almost Anything with IFTTT All Features News: Quick Charge 4.0 Is Coming Even as Google Warns OEMs Against It How To: Get the Pixel's Navigation Buttons & Google Assistant Animation on Your Nexus How To: Google Actually Has 4 Different 'Assistants'—Here's the Best One for You How To: Get the Pixel's 'Zero Shutter Lag' Camera with HDR+ Features on Your Nexus How To: Get Motorola's Active Display Features on Your Pixel or Nexus PSA: If You're Having Auto-Focus Issues on Your Pixel, It's Probably Your Case's Fault How To: Google Now Is Banned in Several Countries—Here's How to Enable It How To: 20 Google Home Easter Eggs & Fun Commands How To: 7 Ways to Bypass Android's Secured Lock Screen How To: Galaxy S5 Battery Dies Too Fast? Here's Why & How to Fix It How To: Don't Wait for Google—Get Night Mode Right Now on Android Nougat Android Basics: How to See What Kind of Processor You Have (ARM, ARM64, or x86) How To: Tell if Your Android Has Been Hacked (& What You Can Do About It) How To: See Passwords for Wi-Fi Networks You've Connected Your Android Device To User Testimonials: Why People Are Switching from iPhone to Pixel How To: Return Your HTC One to 100% Stock (Unroot & Update) How To: Convert a Micro SIM Card to Fit the Nano Slot on Your HTC One M8 How To: Connect Your PS4 Controller to Your Android Device for Easier Gameplay How To: Get the Pixel's Amazing New 'Live Earth' Wallpapers on Your Android Device News: 20 Official Samsung Galaxy Themes That Don't Totally Suck All Hot Posts © 2016 WonderHowTo, Inc Sections Android Gadget Hacks How-Tos Android Basics Games HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO 4G Everything Else News Android Gadget Hacks News Roundups IFA 2014 News Everything Else Forum Android Gadget Hacks Forum Android Gadget Hacks Android Gadget Hacks Home Nexus HTC One Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung GS4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy S6 LG G3 Amazon Fire OnePlus Samsung Galaxy S7 Galaxy Note 4 Featured Sites WonderHowTo Home Food Hacks Daily Next Reality Gadget Hacks Null Byte The Secret Yumiverse MacGyverisms Lock Picking Mad Science Mind Hacks Categories Alcohol Arts & Crafts Autos, Motorcycles & Planes Beauty & Style Business & Money Computers & Programming Dance Dating & Relationships Diet & Health Disaster Preparation Education Electronics Family Film & Theater Fine Art Fitness Food Gambling Games Hobbies & Toys Home & Garden Hosting & Entertaining Language Magic & Parlor Tricks Motivation & Self Help Music & Instruments Outdoor Recreation Pets & Animals Pranks & Cons Software Spirituality Sports Travel Video Games Weapons Next Reality Sites Next Reality Home Augmented Reality News Mobile AR News Google Glass Mixed Reality News HoloLens Magic Leap Meta 2 Virtual Reality News HTC Vive Mobile VR News Oculus Rift Gadget Hacks Sites Gadget Hacks Home Android Gadget Hacks Nexus HTC One Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung GS4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy S6 LG G3 Amazon Fire OnePlus Samsung Galaxy S7 Galaxy Note 4 iOS Gadget Hacks Smartphones Hacks, Mods & Circuitry Digiwonk Internet Mac Tips Windows Tips Cord Cutters Tablets Tech Pr0n Featured on WonderHowToHow to Get the Pixel's Navigation Buttons & Google Assistant Animation on Your Nexus
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. How to set up Google Daydream View with Pixel or Pixel XL smartphones International Business Times 5 days ago Oliver Cragg © Provided by IBT Media (UK) Google Daydream View set up Pixel XL From today (10 November), owners of the Google Pixel or Pixel XL can pick up the Android giant's latest effort to corner the mobile virtual reality market – the Google Daydream View. In the UK, the Daydream View is currently available from high-street smartphone retailers Carphone Warehouse and EE, as well as Google's online store. Details of other worldwide pricing and retailers can be found here. For our full thoughts on Google's Daydream VR headset and its new mobile VR ecosystem, check out our review. If you are already a proud Daydream View owner and possess a Pixel, then below we will walk you through how to set up your fabric-covered headset, then you can log into the Play Store in VR and download the best VR apps, games and experiences Daydream has to offer. How to set up Google Daydream View with the Google Pixel / Google Pixel XL Unpackage the Daydream View and controller and unfold the front flap by lifting the elasticated strap. Fit the felt strap to the Daydream View controller – you may need a needle to fetch the loop through as it is quite a tight fit. Unlock your Google Pixel. Download the Daydream app from the Google Play Store (if not already pre-installed). Tap the app and when instructed place the phone in the front compartment with the screen facing in toward the lenses and the volume and power keys facing up. Put the Daydream View on your head and adjust the head-strap and headset position until you can't see any blur. Play through the Welcome experience and continue to Daydream Home. Daydream Home can be accessed via your phone screen in the Daydream app or Google Play Store when not using the View headset, or from within the VR experience. Some apps are free and some are paid for, with prices currently sitting around the £5.99 mark, although this could change as more in-depth apps become available. You can both purchase and download apps while using Daydream View, while pre-installed apps will show automatically in Daydream Home. To navigate the menus in VR while in Daydream Home or the Play Store, use the pointer to hover over the icons and select them by lightly clicking the track pad. To scroll through horizontal menus, swipe left or right along the track pad. You can move around the full 360 degree environments by turning around while wearing the headset, but be aware of your surroundings before doing so. Google recommends sitting in a swivel chair, which we found works brilliantly. To exit back to Daydream Home at any point you simply need to press the inset button on the controller. Holding the same button down will reset the position of the screen and the controller's pointer. A volume rocker is also located on the right side of the controller, with sound emanating from the Pixel's speakers as standard. You can, however, plug a pair of headphones into the exposed 3.5mm jack to fully immerse yourself in the virtual world (and to not annoy non VR-dwelling people). Go to MSN Home More in News PM prepares 'bombproof' bill to force Brexit through Parliament The Independent Police close lane of busy road in hunt for RAF gunner missing after night out Mirror Cyclist 'nearly beheaded' by barbed wire 'trap' stretched across path Evening Standard Residents who stand to lose their homes vent fury as HS2 route revealed Press Association Teenager admits £42m cyber-attack on TalkTalk which hit 160,000 customers Daily Record Mayor under fire for shocking racist slur on Michelle Obama The Washington Post Up Next Comedian Rory McGrath in court charged with stalking married woman The Telegraph More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More From International Business Times Ehang Ghostdrone 2.0 VR: How to set up your drone and get flying International Business Times PlayStation VR review: Sony's virtual frontier becomes reality on PS4 International Business Times Halloween terror at IBTimes UK as we check out PlayStation VR horror games International Business Times International Business Times Visit International Business Times Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footer We Tech-Geeks Welcome TechGeeks!!!! Enjoy unlimited access to tech news and tutorials. Home Technews Tools Reviews Tips and Tricks Windows Tutorials About Twitter Facebook RSS Feed ← Microsoft confirms Android versions of Office apps will get Chrome OS support Instagram Stories get support for Boomerang videos, mentions, and links → [Update: Now on the Google Store] Verizon shows two new Live Cases for the Pixels that don’t seem to be announced yet Nov 11 Posted by ishubhamsingh Update 1: 2016/11/10 11:48am PST Both the Trends and Earth cases are now showing in the Google Store, too. Just like on the Verizon site, these both are listed as “Coming Soon.” Verizon has decided, whether on purpose or accident, to show two as-yet-unannounced Live Cases for the Pixels. These are not ones you would find on the Google Store. The blue option for the Earth case looks a lot like one of the wallpapers from last year’s Nexus phones, which makes me feel a bit nostalgic. Read More [Update: Now on the Google Store] Verizon shows two new Live Cases for the Pixels that don’t seem to be announced yet was written by the awesome team at Android Police. from Android Police – Android News, Apps, Games, Phones, Tablets http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/11/10/verizon-shows-two-new-live-cases-pixels-dont-seem-announced-yet/ via Blogger http://wetechgeeks.blogspot.com/2016/11/update-now-on-google-store-verizon.html Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related About ishubhamsingh Hello TechGeeks!! I am Shubham Singh -a student,a mistakemaker,a learner,a TechGeek like you,who wants to share all that i know about softwares,cracks,keygens and general computer tweaks & tricks with you through this blog. View all posts by ishubhamsingh » Posted on November 11, 2016, in android, Android Police – Android News, apps, Games, Phones, tablets and tagged Android Police - Android News, apps, Blogger android, Games, IFTTT, Phones, tablets. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment. ← Microsoft confirms Android versions of Office apps will get Chrome OS support Instagram Stories get support for Boomerang videos, mentions, and links → Leave a comment Comments 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search for: Recent Comments Popular Posts Archives Tags Categories ishubhamsinghIt is safe inspite of being large... RobertOzonejust received automatic update last night (windows.imersivecontrolpanel_xxxxxx) now when phone power Michael LeungIs it safe? The battery volume is very large donmarkReblogged this on Donmarks.net and commented: whatsapp now lets you search all of your conversation francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. samsung galaxy s6 manualIf you feel your Android is a bit sluggish, you might find a new launcher helps speed things up a bi lincolnmohanLooking forward to getting this handset! Gordon GoreReblogged this on mobileconsumernz. Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch coming on Sept. 25 (55) Nokia rolls out Windows Phone 8 Amber update for Lumia smartphones (33) NOW BOOK RAILWAY TICKETS WITH IRCTC’S APPS FOR WINDOWS 8 AND WINDOWS PHONE 8 (6) VTU 3rd sem CSE/IS lab programs!!!! (4) Cell phone buying guide: Things to know when shopping for a cell phone (3) Samsung Announces colorful Galaxy Tab 3 kids for children (3) HP EliteBook Revolve 810 :Review (2) ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT WILL BE RELEASED IN OCTOBER: NESTLE (2) APPLE IOS 7 GUIDE: HOW TO DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL ON YOUR IPHONE, IPAD OR IPOD TOUCH (2) OnePlus 2 will feature a big 3300mAh battery (2) November 2016 (549) October 2016 (1192) September 2016 (948) August 2016 (1273) July 2016 (904) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (838) February 2016 (276) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (261) September 2015 (1056) August 2015 (986) July 2015 (849) June 2015 (890) May 2015 (1041) April 2015 (58) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) January 2014 (9) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (3) android Android Authority Android News Android Police - Android News apple apps Blogger Blogger android Blogger Android Police - Android News Blogger and Updates Blogger devekopment Blogger feature Blogger IFTTT Blogger microsoft Blogger news Blogger reviews Blogger tutorials Blogger WMPoweruser feature Games Google highlights IFTTT MakeUseOf microsoft mobile reviews MSPoweruser news Phones port reviews Rumours samsung tablet reviews tablets TalkAndroid tutorial ubuntu Web Upd8 - Ubuntu / Linux blog Windows Windows 8 windows 8.1 windows 10 windows phone WMPoweruser app (1) Google android device manager (1) anti-theft (1) smartphone security (1) google glass features (1) google glass promo (1) Google glass (1) HP elitebook revolve 810 (1) elitebook revolve reviews (1) elitebook revolve specifications (1) Truecaller (1) truecaller fb app (1) marissa mayer (1) rocketmelt (1) safe identity (1) online security (1) anonymous online (1) htc india (1) htc one dual sim specifications (1) HTC one dual sim (1) samsung galaxy tab 3(8 inch) (1) galaxy tab 3 feature (1) galaxy tab 3 review (1) sony vaio pro 13 (1) sony ultrabooks (1) sony vaio pro 13 reviews (1) sony vaio pro 13 features (1) sony vaio pro 13 price (1) nokia asha 501 reviews (1) nokia asha 501 price (1) nokia asha 501 specifications (1) facebook hashtags (1) hashtags handling (1) smartphone buying guide (1) phone features description (1) cellphone buying guide (1) superspeed usb (1) high speed usb (1) usb 3.1 (1) Google music search service (1) Google india (1) Raring Ringtail (1) 10 Things to do (1) ubuntu 13.04 (1) repacked (1) Stardock Start 8 1.16 Full Reapck (1) Start8 1.16 (1) stardock (1) ccleaner professional edition (1) Ccleaner 4.03.4151 with crack (1) Ccleaner free download (1) ccleaner business edition (1) Freebie (1) All version crack (1) Licence key (1) Free (1) WinX HD video converter 4.0 with licence (1) HD video converter (1) bluestacks (1) android emulator (1) android on pc (1) recover files (1) keygen (1) flash drive virus (1) Virus (1) Shorcut files recover (1) remove virus (1) shortcut virus (1) Malwarebytes (1) windows store (1) upgrade (1) windows bleu (1) preview (1) powershell (1) command-line (1) applist (1) software list (1) default (1) namo phablet reviews (1) smart namo smartphone (1) smart namo phablet (1) narendra modi phablet (1) htc one play edition 4.3 update (1) galaxy s4 android 4.3 update (1) Android 4.3 devices (1) 4.3 update (1) Moto x design (1) Moto x review (1) Moto x price (1) Moto x specifications (1) WideUpdates.Com (1) hindi language support (1) hindi (1) hindi handwriting input (1) translate (1) firefox metro (1) firefox 26 (1) browsers (1) mozilla (1) skype HD video call (1) skype update for ios (1) skype 4.10 (1) lock screen lock screen (1) lock screen (1) enable slideshow (1) Galaxy s4 air gesture (1) android air gesture (1) air gesture control (1) samsung galaxy tab for kids (1) Galaxy tab 3 kids version.tablet for kids (1) HTC sense 5.5 (1) new htc (1) HTC leaks (1) HTC One Max (1) HTC news (1) android 4.3 (1) 8.1 skinpack (1) windows7 (1) windows 8.1 theme (1) ios 7 skinpack (1) ios7 theme (1) s7 (1) acer aspire s7-392 (1) acer aspire s7 (1) Acer (1) aspire (1) acer ultrabook (1) micromax a240 (1) news.reviews (1) micromax canvas doodle 2 review (1) doodle 2 (1) micromax csanvas doodle 2 feature (1) get your imagination bigger (1) doodle 2 teaser (1) canvas doodle2 (1) shahzam 4.0 (1) android apps (1) music apps (1) shahzam encore (1) shahzam update (1) computer science engineering (1) infix (1) cse (1) 3rd sem vtu prog (1) engineering (1) c programs (1) lab programs (1) VTU (1) ise (1) queue prog (1) postfix (1) 3rd sem (1) Microsoft buys nokia (1) 7.2 billion dollars (1) nokia sold (1) android 4.4 features (1) Android next (1) samsung smartwatch (1) galaxy gear features (1) samsung galaxy gear (1) smartwatch (1) android watch (1) galaxy gaer specs (1) iphone 5s 64-bit (1) Apple A7 (1) 64-Bit architecture (1) A7 chip (1) apple 64-bit (1) A7 chip 64-bit (1) dell venue (1) dell (1) dell tablets (1) dell 8.1 tablets (1) windows 8 railway app (1) Railway official app (1) irctc official app (1) IRCTC (1) IRCT windows 8 app (1) Indian railways (1) latest memory card (1) fastest memory card (1) sandisk (1) Sandisk Extreme Pro Cfast 2.0 (1) 450mb/s (1) 120GB memory card (1) SanDisk Cfast 2.0 (1) HP.hewlett-packard (1) leap motion (1) air gesture control pc (1) android launch (1) apple ios 7 guide (1) iphone upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade guide (1) narendra modi game (1) modi run game (1) play store (1) narendra modi (1) new generation sidebar (1) modern sidebar (1) modern ui(metro) sidebar (1) metrosidebar (1) windows 8.1 pre-orders (1) logitech gamepad for iphone (1) gamepad for iPhone (1) Logitech (1) game controller support in iOS 7 (1) SquareEnix (1) Google Play vending machines (1) tokyo (1) japan (1) Android game vending machines (1) GungHo (1) Bittorrent chat (1) server less message client (1) bittorrent (1) bittorrent secure messaging app (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 price in India (1) Celkon Mobiles (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 (1) Celkon (1) AR Rehman (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 specifications (1) surface 2 first look (1) surface 2 intro (1) surface 2 first impression (1) surface pro 2 (1) surface pro 2 specs (1) microsoft surface pro 2 (1) windows 8.1 tablet (1) surface pro 2 hands on (1) surface pro 2 price (1) Import photos to Dropbox (1) Dropbox for Mac (1) dropbox (1) iPhoto (1) Dropobox update (1) Dropbox adds screenshot uploader (1) galaxy round (1) curved display (1) samsung galaxy round (1) announced (1) yahoo mail 1TB storage (1) new yahoo mail UI (1) yahoo mail updated (1) mail (1) android land (1) noida (1) bangalore (1) spice (1) kormangala (1) android land india (1) samsung galaxy j launch (1) galaxy (1) samsung galaxy j (1) official launch (1) ntt docomo (1) google maps multiple destination (1) google maps upcoming events (1) google maps updated (1) Google maps beta (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx price (1) Datawind (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx (1) ubuntu release (1) linux (1) ubuntu 13.10 final (1) 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 download (1) windows 8.1 upgrade (1) flipboard (1) Flipboard for windows (1) store (1) magazine app (1) ussd (1) ADR (1) Facebook India (1) politician's background (1) politics (1) Know Your Neta (1) Facebook USSD (1) gaming console (1) sell (1) ps4 (1) xbox one (1) xbox (1) nullsoft (1) media player (1) aol (1) winamp shutdown (1) rip winamp (1) winamp (1) windowsphone app (1) windowsphone (1) telegram for windows (1) telegram (1) telegram IM (1) IM app (1) mobile phones (1) evleaks (1) custom android UI (1) nokia's android (1) leak (1) 1520v (1) mwc 2014 (1) lumia 1525 (1) lumia 1820 (1) lumia (1) upcoming lumia smartphones (1) wp group (1) micromax russia (1) micromax (1) eddy (1) eddy tablet for kids (1) metis eddy tablet.kids tablet (1) display size (1) iphone 6 (1) report (1) vaio flipvaio india (1) sony (1) sony vaio flip hybrid (1) moto g india launch (1) announcement (1) motorola (1) moto g (1) moto g specs (1) moto g features (1) xolo Q7005 Launched (1) Xolo Q7005 Specs (1) xolo Q7005 (1) xolo (1) xolo Q7005 features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i (1) Karbonn titanium S5i specs (1) karbonn (1) Karbonn titanium S5i price (1) windows phone 8.1 beta sdk (1) windows phone 8.1 features (1) windows phone 8.1 (1) Nokia x (1) nokia x rooted (1) nokia x gapps (1) lollipop (1) oneplusone (1) release (1) oxygen os (1) oneplus (1) cyanogenmod 12 (1) technical preview (1) leaks (1) appgap (1) phone2pc (1) universal apps (1) spotlight (1) astoria (1) micflip (1) reversible micro-usb (1) reversible usb (1) usb c-type (1) codec (1) guide (1) hevc (1) howto (1) video codec (1) yahoo (2) online privacy (2) samsung tablets (2) facebook (2) full (2) 8 (2) System (2) windows8.1 (2) skinpack (2) android 4.4 KitKat (2) android 4.4 (2) android kitkat (2) iphone 5s (2) Iphone (2) windows 8.1 tablets (2) windows phone 8 (2) ios 7 (2) windows 8.1 release (2) windows 8.1 final (2) surface 2 (2) Nokia (2) nokia normandy (2) rumour (2) microsoft edge (2) project spartan (2) continuum (2) Uncategorized (3) tips and tricks (3) tablet reviews (3) Utilities (3) Windows 7 (3) Google (3) samsung (3) apple (3) normandy (3) highlights (3) devekopment (3) pc and laptop reviews (4) Windows 8 (4) windows8 (4) mobile reviews (5) tutorials (5) ubuntu (5) port (5) MakeUseOf (6) tutorial (7) tools (8) windows 8.1 (9) feature (9) Windows (13) reviews (14) windows 10 (14) MSPoweruser (40) news (62) Web Upd8 – Ubuntu / Linux blog (185) IFTTT (192) TalkAndroid (712) Android Police – Android News (1,460) WMPoweruser (1,688) windows phone (1,715) microsoft (1,736) and Updates (1,965) Android News (1,965) Rumours (1,965) Android Police – Android News (2,087) Android Authority (3,100) Games (3,547) Phones (3,547) apps (3,548) tablets (3,550) android (9,326) Recent Posts Galaxy A7 (2017) reportedly coming with a 16-megapixel selfie shooter November 15, 2016 Deal: Amazon Prime one-year subscription, £59 for the next three days (UK) November 15, 2016 Twitter announces muting keywords, prhases, and conversations in notifications, as well as new reporting functionality November 15, 2016 Google sending out codes for free Daydream View to Pixel pre-order customers November 15, 2016 T-Mobile grows strong in Q3, but AT&T and Verizon are on top of the heap November 15, 2016 Like us on FB Like us on FB Blog Stats 73,991 hits Follow We Tech-Geeks on WordPress.com Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
null
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Google hits back at EU antitrust charges... again Google hits back at EU antitrust charges... again Thursday, 10 November 2016 (5 days ago) Google has hit back against the EU watchdog for a third time, this time over claims that its Android operating system is anti-competitive, saying it is the most "open, flexible, and differentiated of the mobile computing platforms". The US tech giant has filed a response to charges by the European Competition Commission accusing it of "implementing a strategy" that favoured its own search products on smartphones. In a response to the EU's statement of objectives raised earlier this year, Google said the commission is misunderstanding the smartphone landscape by thinking that Apple's iOS is not a competitor. *Read more*: Watch: This Google robot has learned a balancing act "First, the Commission’s case is based on the idea that Android doesn’t compete with Apple’s iOS. We don’t see it that way. We don’t think Apple does either. Or phone makers. Or developers. Or users," said Google's general counsel Kent Walker in a blog post. "In fact, 89 per cent of respondents to the Commission’s own market survey confirmed that Android and Apple compete. To ignore competition with Apple is to miss the defining feature of today’s competitive smartphone landscape." Concerns were also raised that the watchdog was underestimating how important it was that the operating systems were not fragmented which would make it harder for developers to work with, saying that they "work with hardware makers to establish a minimum level of compatibility among Android devices". "The Commission’s proposal risks making fragmentation worse, hurting the Android platform and mobile phone competition," said Walker. Competition chief Margrethe Vestager believes Google broke competition rules by requiring other smartphone makers to pre-install Google's search and browser apps and that it also stopped them from selling devices running on competing operating systems. She also claims that they were handed "financial incentives" by Google to put only Google's search on devices.  Google also responded, saying manufacturers are not obligated to put Google's apps on their devices, "But we do offer manufacturers a suite of apps so that when you buy a new phone you can access a familiar set of basic services." Walker added that consumers could "swipe away" any of the apps at any time. *Read more*: Everything you need to know about Google's Pixel phone And making a final point, Google said that having Google search and its app store Google Play pre-installed was part of the reason it was able to give Android away for free. "This free distribution is an efficient solution for everyone — it lowers prices for phone makers and consumers, while still letting us sustain our substantial investment in Android and Play," he said. The tech giant last week responded to two other separate charges from the EU in relation to its shopping and Adsense products and has been granted several extensions to give them more time to respond to all three. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Wochit News - 2 weeks ago< > Embed Google Stands Its Ground Against EU Antitrust Charges 00:54 On Thursday Alphabet unit Google rejected EU antitrust charges of unfairly promoting its shopping service and blocking rivals in online search advertising. The company said there was no factual, legal or economic basis to the accusations. On a blog Google's general counsel Kent Walker said that the... You Might Like Recent related news Google Responds to EU Antitrust Charges on AndroidAlphabet’s Google fired off its response to a third set of formal charges issued by the European Union’s antitrust regulator—this time rebutting the EU’s... Wall Street Journal 5 days ago - BusinessAlso reported by •FinanzNachrichten.de •NYTimes.com •USATODAY.com •SeekingAlpha •betanews •Softpedia •E-Commerce Times Google's Android expands competition, does not hurt it: Google lawyerBRUSSELS (Reuters) - Alphabet unit Google's Android mobile operating system expands competition rather than hurt it, its general counsel said on Thursday as the... Reuters 5 days ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •Reuters India •E-Commerce Times Google Insists Android Plays on Level Field in EuropeGoogle on Thursday fired back at the European Commission's charges that it violated antitrust law by imposing coercive rules on mobile operators and developers... E-Commerce Times 4 days ago - Internet SponsoredAds.Partners Selected To Launch Google Ad Doctor; The First Search Marketing Campaign Without Any Click ChargesLONDON, November 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Google SponsoredAds.Partners is a certified partner offering small to medium size businesses cost effective Google... FinanzNachrichten.de 4 hours ago - Markets Other recent news in Business Food prices help ease October retail INFLATION to 4.20% RETAIL inflation at 14-month low of 4.2% in October on easing food prices STOCKS May Open Higher On Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Inflation, Taylor Wimpey, BREXIT: Business news in brief Tuesday 15 November Newsonomics: Fake-news fury forces GOOGLE and Facebook to change policy Google and FACEBOOK move to kick fake news sites off ad networks Businesses to Brexit Britain as leaked memo reveals GOVERNMENT has no strategy VODAFONE beats expectations as it continues to monitor Brexit implications EASYJET profits drop after Brexit's hammering of the pound Vodafone beats forecasts on strong demand in GERMANY and Italy Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Mike Pence Gwen Ifill Dwayne Johnson Current Topics Sexiest Man Alive Students Extradition Islamist Climate Change Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: The Accountant Is Photo Messaging a Dying Trend? Instagram Working On Video Content MOVIE REVIEW: Arrival Ronald McDonald Retired: But Will He Return? Is There Still a Chance Brexit Will Be Blocked? Would Bernie Sanders Have Beaten Trump? Genesis Reborn: Sega's Iconic Console Returns To Production Will Michelle Obama Run For President In 2020? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Finally, an Open GApps app now available for download via Google Play By John Hoff - November 10, 2016 3 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter You might be familiar with GApps if you frequently use custom ROMs on your Android device. Custom ROMs these days usually give you a choice if you want to use Google’s bundled services, so most of them don’t come with Google apps embedded. If you choose to go with Google’s services, you can install GApps, of which the Open GApps variants and bundles are one of the most popular. Now we can say that yes, there’s an app for that. Usually, when you want to download a variant of Open GApps, the user goes on to the official download site, selects the architecture of his device (ARM, ARM64, x86, x86_64), selects the Android version, and then picks an Open GApps bundle of his liking. After downloading, the user will need to flash the Zip file through the recovery. The new Open GApps app aims to simplify this process for users. The app will have a wizard which detects – either from past device installations or current usage – and recommends which architecture, Android version, and bundle is best for you. This works well with beginners while still giving power users options to choose from. So well done on these, Open GApps. There are some caveats – the developer is new to app development and the app currently has some interface bugs, especially in Nougat. This happens when you run the app in windowed (resized) mode or when you rotate the app to landscape orientation. So best to keep it in normal portrait mode right now. For more info on the app, check out the source link below. Check out the app now available via the Google Play Store. SOURCE: Open GApps Story Timeline Paranoid Android enter "legal gray area" with official 0-Day GAPPS pack Google Play Services 9.2 brings back Android Mobile Vision, adds new Text API Google makes Hangouts "optional" in Gapps package for OEMs TAGS Android Apps Custom ROM GApps Open GApps Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,397FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,086FollowersFollow 59,344SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Microsoft is partnering with Google to offer the best Office experience on Chromebooks 0 by Sean Chan Nov 10, 2016 at 20:44 GMT5 days ago Google brought Android apps to Chromebooks a little while ago. Android apps on Chromebooks are still in beta, and some apps aren’t compatible with some Chromebook devices just yet. This also includes Microsoft’s Office suite of apps which are available for download on some Chromebook devices, but some users weren’t able to install them on their Chromebook devices. This resulted in a lot of speculation which made some users think Microsoft was intentionally blocking the installation of its Office apps on Chromebooks. Thankfully though, that does not seem to be the case. Microsoft is aware of the compatibility issue, and the software giant stated that it is “partnering” with Google to deliver the “best experience” for Chromebook users. The company does, however, plan on making its Office apps compatible on all devices (that support Android apps) by general availability: “Our strategy has not changed. Office for Android is supported on Chrome OS devices via the Google Play Store. While Google Play on Chrome OS is in beta, we are partnering with Google to deliver the best experience for Chromebook users and plan to make the apps available on all compatible devices by general availability.” Microsoft’s Office apps is definitely going to be one of the most important apps on a Chromebook. It is worth noting that the Office apps will not be available for free to some devices for free depending on their device’s display size. Just like Office on any other platform or device, you’ll need an Office 365 subscription if your device has a display bigger than 10.1-inch. As for Chromebooks, most devices have a display larger than 10.1 inches, so most users will have to pay for Office 365 subscription to be able to use the apps on their Chromebook. Image via The Verge Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source 9to5google Related android apps Chrome OS chromebook Excel google microsoft office office 365 office for Android powerpoint word Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac by Pradeep 0 Trending Claim: Xbox One game streaming to Windows 10 Mobile in beta testing (screen shot) by Surur 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 21: All About Alcatel’s superphone by Andrew Bennett on November 11, 2016 During this week’s episode of the MSPoweruser Podcast, Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett cover some of the week’s Microsoft news. This week’s topics include the Alcatel Idol 4S... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Tablo over-the-air DVR app now available on Xbox One by Pradeep on November 15, 2016 Tablo over-the-air DVR app is now available for Xbox One in the US and Canada. Download the app from Xbox Store to begin watching live and recorded Over-the-Air TV. Tablo is a network-based ... HP announces the world’s first mini workstation by Pradeep HP today announced the world’s first mini workstation targeting users in CAD and other compute-intensive industries.The new HP Z2 Mini is only 2.3” high is 90% smaller than a traditional... ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ Survival DLC comes to Xbox One an... by Greg Jordan Xbox U.S. today announced that the long awaited “Survival” DLC update for ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ will arrive to Xbox One and PC on November 22. This is f... Windows 10 will soon allow third-party alarm apps to break-through Quiet Hours by Sean Chan A very neat feature on Windows 10 is Quiet Hours, which allows users to stop notifications from apps during a certain period of the day/night. Quiet Hours can also be quite useful when you a... StaffPad gets Surface Dial support, and more on Windows 10 by Mehedi Hassan Last month at the big Windows 10 event, Microsoft introduced the new Surface Dial along with the new Surface Studio. Surface Dial is what Microsoft likes to call “a new tool for the cr... Deals Deals Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for this Black Friday Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Deal: Get $150 off Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 PC from Microsoft At IFA 2016, Lenovo announced its Yoga 910, the successor to the popular Yoga 900 convertible laptop. Yoga 910 comes with a 13.9-inch 4K display, redesigned keyboard, a larger trackpad, a fi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $899 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4G... Deal: Microsoft offering Xbox One S Bundle and free game for $299 Despite Black Friday being right around the corner, Microsoft believes that you shouldn’t have to wait to enjoy the savings off of its newest console. That’s why from November 4 ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $749 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $150 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Deal: Get huge discounts on the original Surface Book Amazon US is now offering huge discounts on the original Surface Book device. The entry-level Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for just $1199.... Deal: Entry-level Surface Book now available for just £1,049 John Lewis is now offering the entry-level Microsoft Surface Book for just £1,049. Entry-level Surface Book comes with Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM, 128GB storage and detachable 13.5”... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV November 10 GOOG: 762.56 -22.75 Logitech’s Bluetooth car mounts for Android Auto are now available on the Google Store Abner Li - 5 days ago @technacity Android Auto Google Store View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Following the announcement of Android Auto for phones on Monday, the Google Store is now selling two car mounts made by Logitech. Teased earlier in the week by Google, both are Bluetooth-enabled and allow for the automatic launching/closing of Auto. The Logitech SmartCar Dash Mount is shaped like a cylindrical pyramid and separates in half, thus allowing for two configurations. One config has the mount attach to a flat surface, while the other connects to a windshield or other vertical surface. Phones attach via a magnetic mount for easy placement and removal. Logitech’s SmartCar Vent Mount works in the exact same fashion, but is slid onto a vent grill. Smaller than the Dash Mount, the Vent model does not allow for any angling. The car mounts only come in black and are made of silicone rubber and thermoplastic polyurethane. Bluetooth-enabled, both can be paired with a phone so that whenever placed on a mount, Android Auto automatically launches. When removed, the app will conveniently close. However, this features works with any previously designated Bluetooth connection, like a car or separate speaker system. The Vent Mount is cheaper at $59.99, while the Dash Mount costs $79.99. Auto supports phones as far back as Android 5.0 and is optimized with large touch targets and voice commands to provide safe access to apps like Google Maps and Play Music with ease. Guides Android Auto View THe Guide Google Store View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards YouTube VR app: How does it work and when can you try it? Elyse Betters10 November 2016VR Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google is ramping up its virtual reality efforts, with YouTube VR. The company, which owns YouTube, has been working with YouTube creators, recording artists, and partners to produce VR videos, all with the purpose of loading up the website with tonnes of immersive content so that you'd have plenty to watch and experience when YouTube VR launches. Well, launch day has arrived. On 10 November, Google launched the YouTube VR app. Here's everything you need to know. YouTube VR app for Daydream now available   What is YouTube VR? Ever want to take a tour of your favourite beauty vlogger's apartment? Or maybe learn a new recipe from a TV chef? Or watch your news as if you were in the middle of the action? No? Just us? Anyway, YouTube VR app lets you experience that sort of content. YouTube VR is a standalone app built from the ground up and optimised for VR. With it, you can watch any video on YouTube. All videos provide an immersive VR experience, whether it's 360-degree video or a standard video shown in a cinema-style mode. The app, which is launching first for the Daydream View headset, also features voice search and the ability to subscribe to channels. Google Daydream View review: A Pixel-perfect VR experience? How does YouTube VR work? Download the Daydream app on a compatible Android phone (currently, that's just the Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones by Google). You may be asked to update your software, as it requires the Daydream support included in the Android 7.1 Nougat update. You can read more about how the Daydream platform works from here. Download the YouTube VR app for Android. Open the Daydream app, then go to the slide-out menu from the right, and tap library. There, you will see the YouTube VR app. Tap it to launch the app. You'll be asked to place your compatible phone into the Daydream headset. Keep in mind you can also just slip your compatible phone into the headset to automatically launch the Daydream interface, where you'll see your installed apps. Use the Daydream View controller to select an app. Once you've entered the YouTube app and signed into your account, you will see suggested videos and options to search. Again, use your controller to navigate and turn up volume (to turn up the volume, use the rocker on the side of the Daydream controller). And that's it. What does YouTube VR feature? Full YouTube experience YouTube VR provides the full, signed-in experience of YouTube. You can view subscriptions, playlists, watch history, and more. Search YouTube VR let's you switch between voice and keyboard controls so you can browse and search with ease. Also, the app provides the same browsing experience as the YouTube mobile app; the player controls let you watch a video and browse at the same time. Spacial Audio Google has included spacial audio tech, meaning you'll be able to hear real-world sound, "where depth, distance, and intensity all play a role depending on where you look with spatial audio," according to the company. Theater mode Whether you're watching a 360-degree video or a standard one, the YouTube VR app will enter a "theater mode" that mimics a big-screen experience. It'll feel like you're boxed in, with no outside light, so when combined with spacial audio, it should feel like going to the cinema. 360-degree videos YouTube VR is launching for Daydream View first, so you can launch the app on a Google Pixel smartphone, slot your phone in the headset, and begin watching 360-degree videos. To move around, just use the controller to grab the screen and move it. There's no need for you to stand and spin. The screen can also be repositioned so you can have the most comfortable experience possible. YouTube introduces live streaming for 360-degree videos, spatial audio Partnerships Several content providers have partnered with the video streaming service, including the Natural History Museum, StyleHaul, Curiscope, Tastemade, Buzzfeed, CollegeHumor, NBA, and SWooZie. They each made VR content that will be available soon or immediately. When will YouTube VR be available? YouTube VR is available now for iOS and Android. It's free to download. Sections Google YouTube Apps VR Best VR headsets to buy in 2016, whatever your budget HTC Vive review: An experience that’s out of this world Sony PlayStation VR review: Virtual reality for the masses Google Daydream View review: A Pixel-perfect VR experience? Popular In VR On Pocket-lint You could be wearing Apple iGlasses soon, smart specs in development Make your HTC Vive VR headset wireless with this clever gadget What is Daydream and when is it coming? Google's Android VR platform explored Google Daydream View review: A Pixel-perfect VR experience? YouTube VR app: How does it work and when can you try it? YouTube VR app for Daydream now available, makes viewing VR videos easier HTC Vive 2 VR headset aka Oasis is in the works Microsoft will announce VR headset details in December Battlezone review: Arcade fun for PlayStation VR Microsoft will release VR headsets with the Windows 10 Creators Update Is the OnePlus 3T launch being streamed online and where can I watch it? Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Amazon Music Unlimited or Spotify: Which is best for you? Which is the best music streaming service in the UK? Apple Music vs Spotify vs Tidal and more Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
null
null
null
Thursday, November 10, 2016 [Tweets] [Favorites] Computational Photography and the Pixel Sam Byford (via Nick Heer): Clearly, this is by far the most competitive Google has ever been in mobile photography. But the Pixel phones, on paper, don’t have cutting-edge hardware, relying on an f/2.0 lens without optical image stabilization. Instead, and in typical Google fashion, Google has turned to complex software smarts in order to power the Pixel camera. […] This no-compromise approach to HDR photography has partly been made possible by new hardware. The Hexagon digital signal processor in Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 821 chip gives Google the bandwidth to capture RAW imagery with zero shutter lag from a continuous stream that starts as soon as you open the app. “The moment you press the shutter it’s not actually taking a shot — it already took the shot,” says Levoy. “It took lots of shots! What happens when you press the shutter button is it just marks the time when you pressed it, uses the images it’s already captured, and combines them together.” […] The traditional way to produce an HDR image is to bracket: you take the same image multiple times while exposing different parts of the scene, which lets you merge the shots together to create a final photograph where nothing is too blown-out or noisy. Google’s method is very different — HDR+ also takes multiple images at once, but they’re all underexposed. This preserves highlights, but what about the noise in the shadows? Just leave it to math. […] Google also claims that, counterintuitively, underexposing each HDR shot actually frees the camera up to produce better low-light results. “Because we can denoise very well by taking multiple images and aligning them, we can afford to keep the colors saturated in low light,” says Levoy. Whereas iOS won’t let me always take photos using HDR—which is the non-lossy choice since the phone also saves the non-HDR version—Google enables HDR by default and intends for you to leave it on. Android Camera Google Pixel iOS iOS 10 Photography Comments Stay up-to-date by subscribing to the Comments RSS Feed for this post. Leave a Comment Name E-mail (will not be published) Web site ←  → Blog Archives Tag Cloud RSS RSS Comments Trackback Try my apps: DropDMG EagleFiler SpamSieve Copyright © 2000–2016 Michael Tsai.
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-15 Jana Duggar Takes Backseat At Jinger And Jeremy Vuolo Wedding As Jill Dillard, Jessa Seewald, Joy Anna And Family Dominate ‘Counting On’ News Entertainment 2016-11-15 One Direction News: Niall Horan And Zayn Malik’s AMAs Reunion, Liam Payne Baby Rumors Continue Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-15 Chili’s Restaurant Apologizes After Manager Takes Army Veteran Ernest Walker’s Free Meal On Veteran’s Day Opinion 2016-11-15 Does Kate Middleton Secretly Regard Prince Harry’s New Lady Love Meghan Markle As A Terrifying Threat? News 2016-11-15 Donald Trump Linked To LGBT Suicide Hotline Call Spike: Fears Include Gay Marriage & Health Care News 2016-11-15 Bill Clinton Nude Photo Leaked By Anonymous? Fake President Clinton Naked Pic With Prostitute Fools Twitter [Hoax] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Destiny’ Weekly Reset For Nov. 15, Take A Breather With Wretched Eye Nightfall Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Zelda: Breath Of The Wild’ Will Miss Nintendo Switch Release Date Because Of Development Delays Gaming 2016-11-14 Rockstar Games Removes The Unlock Requirements On More ‘GTA Online’ Heist Vehicles This Week For The Third Anniversary Of ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-15 Google To Penalize Fake News Sites That Peddle Misinformation Using Facebook: After 2016 Election Search Engine To Cut Off Ad Network Support To Shady Sites BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss ‘What Is The Electoral College?’ Google Search Spikes: Is Donald Trump Presidency Causing Americans To Get More Informed? News 1 0 0 November 10, 2016 ‘What Is The Electoral College?’ Google Search Spikes: Is Donald Trump Presidency Causing Americans To Get More Informed? Amanda Katherine The search “What is the electoral college?” spiked on Google following Donald Trump winning the election for president of the United States. Many people are wondering where things went wrong in the election for Hillary Clinton despite leading the popular vote. Questions have been raised, and people want answers. Has Donald Trump’s election to be president caused Americans to get more informed about their government and voting system? Get out & #VOTE! #TrumpPence16 #ElectionDay #USA A photo posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Nov 8, 2016 at 1:39pm PST According to Google Trends, the question “What is the electoral college?” is one of the top questions about the electoral college today. It seems that Americans know that something happened with the electoral college vote, which caused Donald Trump to win the presidency, but it is obvious many people were uninformed about what the electoral college even was. American voters did not let us down. The electoral college did. The first woman nominee of a major party for president won the people's vote — Adam Parkhomenko (@AdamParkhomenko) November 10, 2016 Donald Trump’s election to be president of the United States has half of the country furious and wondering what went wrong, especially because Clinton appeared to have won the popular vote. It is possible that Donald Trump’s win is causing more Americans to want to become informed about the U.S. government and the voting system in order to understand what is going on. RELATED POSTS BY THE INQUISITR Donald Trump’s Son Eric Tweets, Then Deletes Illegal Photograph Of Voting Ballot Voting Is A ‘Flawed Process’ Open To Fraud: Officials Worried About 2016 Presidential Election People Are Googling ‘What Does Trump Pence Mean’: Why Are There So Many Uninformed Voters? According to the U.S. Electoral College: National Archives and Records Administration, the electoral college is a process, not a place. It was created by the Founding Fathers as a compromise so that both Congress and the popular vote of qualified citizens would be considered in the election for president. The electoral college has 538 electors. In order to elect the president, there has to be a majority of 270 electoral votes. Tag someone you know who needs to see this. IWillVote.com A photo posted by Hillary Clinton (@hillaryclinton) on Nov 7, 2016 at 12:47pm PST Your state’s number of electors equals the number of members in its Congressional delegation — one for each member in the House of Representatives plus two for your Senators. The District of Columbia gets three electors because that is the minimum number of electors allowed, according to the 23rd Amendment. Every state in America, except for Maine and Nebraska, typically give the vote of all of their electors to the candidate who receives the majority of the vote. In other words, if Washington D.C. has three electors and two voted for Donald Trump and one voted for Hillary Clinton, the majority of the votes were for Trump, so he would receive the three electoral votes for the District of Columbia. Some states even require their electors to vote for the candidate who receives the most votes, but even in the states where it is not required, Electoral College members rarely go against the will of the people. According to CNN, the electors from each state in this year’s election heavily favored Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, especially ethnically diverse states like California, New York, and Illinois. Those three states had a combined 104 electoral college votes, which is more than a third of the 270 votes needed to win. Everything we’ve worked toward comes down to today. Like this if you're voting for Hillary. hillaryclinton.com/locate A photo posted by Hillary Clinton (@hillaryclinton) on Nov 8, 2016 at 5:45am PST So what happened? The use of the electoral college system means that a candidate can win the popular vote and lose the election. Prior to this year’s election, back in 2000, Democrat Al Gore was defeated by George W. Bush even though Gore won the majority of the votes nationwide. According to CBS News, Hillary Clinton is the second candidate in modern U.S. history to experience that outcome. The other two occurrences were back in the 19th century. Even Donald Trump has reportedly trashed the electoral college in the past. He reportedly deleted tweets that he posted back in 2012. “The phony electoral college made a laughing stock out of our nation. The loser one! He lost the popular vote by a lot and won the election. We should have a revolution in this country!” ???? A photo posted by Hillary Clinton (@hillaryclinton) on Oct 27, 2016 at 7:55pm PDT Many people are wondering why there is even a need for the electoral college anymore. Hundreds of proposals have been introduced in Congress to get rid of the electoral college. However, few have ever gained any momentum to move forward because of how challenging it is to amend the Constitution. There is one proposal to implement a plan that would elect the president based on the national popular vote, and it has slowly been gaining momentum across the U.S. over the last decade. The plan was introduced in 50 legislatures and 10 states, as well as the District of Columbia, have passed this legislation totaling 165 electoral votes. [Featured Image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Klu Klux Klan To Celebrate Trump Victory With Parade Now Read This: Chili’s Restaurant Apologizes After Manager Takes Army Veteran Ernest Walker’s Free Meal On Veteran’s Day Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Amanda Katherine Tags: Donald Trump, election 2016, electoral college, hillary clinton Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘Married To Medicine’ Star Lisa Nicole Cloud Doesn’t Trust Husband After Stripper Scandal? ‘Teen Mom’ Amber Portwood Shows Off Plastic Surgery Results, As Her Fiancé Finally Comes Clean About His Sobriety Chili’s Restaurant Apologizes After Manager Takes Army Veteran Ernest Walker’s Free Meal On Veteran’s Day Olivia Newton-John Launches New Christmas Album With John Farnham, Delights In Daughter Chloe’s Successful Recovery ‘The Grand Tour’: Amazon Offers Prime Discount For Yearly Membership Until Show’s Premiere Date Jennifer Aniston And Justin Theroux May Adopt A Baby From Mexico? [Report] Florida Concealed Carry Gun Holder Shoots, Kills Man Who Was Beating A Cop Kandi Burruss Defends Her Mother’s Comments About Phaedra Parks: ‘They Don’t Hold Back’ Blac Chyna Seeks 70-Lb Post-Baby Weight Loss: Her High-Protein Low-Carb Diet & Fitness Megyn Kelly Dishes On Donald Trump Feud In New Tell-All Book Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 29.5k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 54.1k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 14.1k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 227k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 23.2k 0 0 Could Hillary Clinton Still Become The Next President Of The United States? 8.2k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 10.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines ‘The Grand Tour’: Amazon Offers Prime Discount For Yearly Membership Until Show’s Premiere Date 0 0 0 Florida Concealed Carry Gun Holder Shoots, Kills Man Who Was Beating A Cop 2 0 0 Kandi Burruss Defends Her Mother’s Comments About Phaedra Parks: ‘They Don’t Hold Back’ 0 0 0 Blac Chyna Seeks 70-Lb Post-Baby Weight Loss: Her High-Protein Low-Carb Diet & Fitness 1 0 0 Megyn Kelly Dishes On Donald Trump Feud In New Tell-All Book 2 0 0 Argentina Vs. Colombia: Preview, Prediction, Line-Ups, Kick Off Time, & Betting Tips 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google rejects EU anti-trust charges over Android By Afp Published: 14:31 EST, 10 November 2016 | Updated: 14:31 EST, 10 November 2016 e-mail US Internet giant Google on Thursday rejected EU allegations that it abused the market dominance of its hugely successful Android mobile phone operating system. The rapsheet targets one of Google's most sensitive businesses, as smartphones become by far the dominant player over PCs and laptops. "Android hasn't hurt competition, it's expanded it," said Kent Walker, senior vice president and general counsel of Google, in a blog. The EU now has three cases on the go against Google ©Peter Muhly (AFP/File) Google was responding to a long list of charges involving Android that Margrethe Vestager, the EU's outspoken competition commissioner, filed in April. They include the claim that the firm used practices such as making manufacturers pre-install its market-leading search engine as well as its Chrome browser as the default in their phones. "The response we filed today shows how the Android ecosytem carefully balances the interests of users, developers, hardware makers and mobile operators," Walker said. Google's response comes a week after the company rejected separate EU charges over online shopping and its advertising services in a series of rulings against US companies that has raised hackles across the Atlantic. The Android charges are seen as especially sensitive for one of Google's most strategic businesses that could alter a global smartphone sector which has taken over traditional PC's as the biggest segment in the world of computing. The case only pertains to Android-run phones, with the European Commission not considering Apple's iPhone as a factor in the case. - 'Into compliance' - The EU in its charge sheet accused Google of obstructing innovation by giving unfair prominence to its own apps, especially its search engine, in deals with giant mobile manufacturers such as South Korea's Samsung or China's Huawei. "No manufacturer is obliged to preload any Google apps on an Android phone," Google insisted. Google is also accused of restricting manufacturers from installing rival versions or modifications of Android, an open source software operating system, on their phones. The commission, through a spokesman, confirmed the receipt of Google's official response. "As is standard practice, we will carefully consider Google's response before taking any decision on how to proceed and cannot at this stage prejudge the final outcome of the investigation," it said. Google critics rejected the company's arguments. "Google imposes severe sanctions on those who defy its insistence on conformity," said Thomas Vinje, legal counsel to FairSearch, a group that represents many of the complainants in the case. "This is a problem that law enforcement can solve, by acting to bring Google into compliance with competition law," he added. Complainants who brought the case to the EU include Yandez, a Russia-based search engine that says Google is stopping it from expanding beyond Russia. They also include telecom companies that are looking to have better control of the Android software they provide on their smartphones. But Google, which originally created Android, says limiting changes by companies to the system helps software developers so they do not have to make many versions of their apps to run on different versions of Android. Developers of apps such as Spotify or WhatsApp, "depend on a stable and consistent framework to do their work," Google said. Google is also accused of restricting manufacturers from installing rival versions or modifications of Android, an open source software operating system, on their phones ©Justin Sullivan (Getty/AFP/File) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Can even cause blindness Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Technology Leadership Magazine Most Innovative Companies Most Creative People Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Progress Is Possible See how these entrepreneurs reinvented themselves to achieve progress. Created for and commissioned by Principal Financial Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. It’s Good Not To Be Home A collaboration to elevate and enhance the Hyatt Regency hotel experience. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Fast Forward Created for and commissioned by Workday. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. 6 minute read Platform Wars Google's Daydream View VR Headset Is Fun And Accessible, If A Bit Buggy When a critical mass of people have Android N phones, you'll likely see a lot of these headsets. [Images: courtesy of Google] Daniel Terdiman 11.10.16 1:45 PM Today, Google’s new $79 mobile virtual reality headset, the Daydream View, goes on sale. Those who buy it will find it fun, charming, and easy to use, but also not quite ready for prime time. The Daydream View works only with Google’s Android N mobile operating system, and at the moment, the only phone offering that is the company’s own Pixel. That should change soon as major phone manufacturers release their own devices with the new OS. For the moment, though, the potential audience for the Daydream View is limited, given that the Pixel itself only just went on sale. That’s probably a good thing. My feeling is that Google rushed the Daydream View to market to have it ready for the Pixel launch, thereby putting it in users’ hands without fixing a significant number of bugs that manifest through normal operation. Still, if one assumes that most of those problems can be addressed through software updates, it’s fair to expect that they will be resolved sooner rather than later. The Daydream View enters the consumer VR market alongside Samsung’s $99 Gear VR on a spectrum that extends from Google’s own low-cost, low-frills Cardboard to higher-end tethered devices (meaning they are connected by wires to a powerful computing device) like Sony’s $399 PlayStation VR, Facebook-owned Oculus’s $599 Rift, and HTC’s $799 Vive. Virtual reality is now predicted to be a $38 billion industry by 2026, and Google, like many others, wants its piece of that pie. Its new device is meant to offer several meaningful advantages over the Gear VR. Those advantages include working with any Android N phone (rather than just high-end Samsung phones), being able to jump into VR in seconds, offering a free, handheld controller that expands users’ capabilities in VR, and finally, a set of rich, purpose-built new VR versions of first-party Google apps like YouTube, Street View, Play Movies, and Google Photos. Those are, indeed, significant positives, particularly the controller, since it brings a richness and interactivity to mobile VR applications that the Gear VR can't match. That it costs $20 less than Samsung's offering is a big plus for those with a small budget for a VR device. If you’re just now thinking of getting yourself mobile VR and you don’t yet have a new phone, there are a lot of reasons you might want to think seriously about the Daydream View. For one thing, it’s quite a bit more attractive than the Gear VR. Wrapped in a soft cloth fabric that comes in three distinct colors—slate at first, and snow and crimson later this year—the Daydream View is more approachable than Samsung’s hard plastic device. It’s also easy to open, and a major design feature lets you launch into VR by simply putting your phone inside and closing the cover without worrying whether the phone was placed in with precisely the right orientation. It achieves that with a series of clever sensors that can tell where the phone’s screen is and adjust the view accordingly. By comparison, the Gear VR requires you to connect your phone in exactly the right way. It’s not that big a difference, but over time, I suspect Daydream View users will really appreciate that simplicity. Launch When you launch Daydream—the VR platform itself—you find yourself in a pastoral setting. After going through a brief tutorial that explains how to use the controller, you can start using apps. At launch, the pickings are a little slim—there’s the four Google apps, plus a few games, a star viewing tool, and a custom-designed Wall Street Journal app. By the end of the year, though, Google is promising a few dozen more, including numerous games and offerings from HBO, Netflix, Hulu, the New York Times, CNN, the NBA, and others. Before Daydream was officially announced last month, Google lauded the way its first-party apps took full advantage of VR. For example, the company said the YouTube player would immerse you in 360-degree videos (at least those shot with 360-degree cameras), while standard YouTube videos would appear in a satisfying viewer that users could resize and reposition at their desire. The immersive nature of 360-degree YouTube videos is fun. Watching a scuba-diving video, I felt very much like I was underwater, skirting large coral walls and actually wondering if I was handling my breathing the way you’re trained to do when you scuba. Another video, which places you amid a herd of elephants, was lovely and peaceful. Watching a movie using the Play Movies app was interesting. The picture was very clear, and the size of the viewer was just about right—as if I was watching a movie on a big-screen TV that just happened to be on my head. A Few Problems To Fix But some of my fundamental issues with the Daydream View also came into play here. Despite the device itself being somewhat lightweight, the headset and the phone together actually felt heavy and somewhat uncomfortable on my head the longer I wore it. Most other VR headsets have both a strap that goes behind your head and one that goes over the top. The Daydream View has only the strap that goes behind, which I think means the weight isn’t as evenly distributed as I’d have liked. It made me feel, in the end, that I’m not at all sure I would want to watch an entire movie with the device—say, on an airplane—simply because I think the weight would be too much after 90-plus minutes. Another selling point of the headset, as first explained to me by Google’s VR head, Clay Bavor, is that the controller can be safely tucked away inside the device itself so that users don’t lose it. It sounded very smart. In practice, though, I found that I wasn’t doing that, and almost lost the controller at least a couple times—and I’d expect others would do the same. The longer I wore the device, the more I also felt slight motion sickness, something that many have complained about with VR headsets over the years, but a problem I had rarely experienced with the most recent hardware. Your mileage may vary. As far as more software-oriented bugs, I found that the controller would sometimes misbehave—essentially the pointer that you use to select things would wander off. The phone itself sometimes got very, very hot, the volume buttons on the controller didn’t work at one point, and one time, the VR view was obscured by the phone’s operations. As I said above, though, I assume that many of those issues are easily fixable, and that Google will tackle them shortly. Fun And Accessible In the end, my conclusion is that Daydream is a VR platform with a lot of upside. It’s still very early, and I would imagine that by the time a critical mass of consumers have Android N phones, many of the problems I’ve addressed here will be resolved. Then the question is whether the Daydream View is a device worth buying. If you’ve already got a Pixel or another Android N phone, I would say, certainly. At $79, it’s a fairly inexpensive entry to a very nice—if not spectacular—VR experience. It’s got nothing on the Rift or Vive, but then again, it’s not trying to compete with those systems. Google’s built something fun and accessible. Now it is up to developers to keep on churning out quality content for the device, and make sure that it handles the minor problems I’ve called out. If all of that happens, I predict you’ll soon be seeing Daydream Views in a lot of public places near you. Never miss a story. Get the latest VR news from Fast Company's Daniel Terdiman delivered to your inbox whenever there's news (but never more than once a week). Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2016 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
GadgetHelpline Toggle navigation Twitter Facebook YouTube Tumblr Instagram Home News Categories Apple Android Blackberry Gaming General Gadgets Digital Cameras TV’s Internet PC’s Laptops Sat Navs & GPS Home Entertainment How to Interactive Guides Lifestyle Lifestyle News Lifestyle Guides Lifestyle How To What is Gadgethelpline Lifestyle Gadget Helpline Membership Benefits Join our club Refer a friend Contact Search Join our club Home » Posts » Site-Sections » Gadget News » Daydream VR Headset – Out Now! Daydream VR Headset – Out Now! Facebook Twitter Google+ Print E-mail Posted by: Morgan Walker on 10 November, 2016 7:01 PM Back in early October we posted about the Google Daydream VR headset that was going to be released sometime in the fall. The wait is now over. Carphone warehouse have them on their site already for purchase. Only available in Slate at release but other colours will be added later down the line. Googles Daydream VR accessory is here now. EE Carphone warehouse are selling them  in the UK at £68.99, yep, a whole pound cheaper than on the Google store. Google have been upping their game too. The Google blog have uploaded a large page of information showing many apps, games and movies that are going to be available to try out on the Daydream View. Out of all of them though, we think the Star Chart VR is going to be out of this world, literally. Ahem. From Harry Potter to the sewers of London, all of these places will now be explorable; as if you are actually there. See the amazing Victorian architecture of Subterranean London without smelling it or getting wet, explore Wonderglade, a theme park that is constantly being added to where you can play carnival-themes classic games such as Tiny Tee Golf and Tip N Tilt Racing. All things going well, we should have one for review soon and be able to give a fully informed opinion. Until then we will keep you posted. For all your other VR tips, tricks and gadgetry look no further than the Gadgethelpline! Facebook Twitter Google+ Print E-mail Tags: Daydream, google, headset, released, Today, VR Post a comment Cancel reply Your comment * Your email address will not be shared or made public. Name * Email * Please enter an answer in digits: ten + 11 = Related News Amazon Music Unlimited Released To UK – Cheap With Echo! Posted by Morgan Walker on 14 November, 2016 Mean Streets of Gadgetzan – Dragon Priest Meta? Posted by Morgan Walker on 7 November, 2016 10 Gadget Tips to make life a little easier Posted by Morgan Walker on 1 November, 2016 Nightmare Machine – Halloween, MIT Style Posted by Rick James on 31 October, 2016 Twitter – Cutting Down The Vines Posted by Morgan Walker on 28 October, 2016 Article categories: Gadget News, Gaming, General Gadgets, Google, Home Entertainment, Mobile Phones, Virtual Reality, Wearable Tech Join our club! We are a unique technical support helpline covering the top selling gadgets in the UK. Sign up now Membership benefits Refer a friend Support and contact Cancellations Follow Gadget Helpline Tweets by @Gadget_Helpline Sponsored Link Gadget Helpline is part of the TMTI group of companies.© Copyright TMTI Ltd 2011, all rights reserved. Home Contact Gadget Helpline Terms and Conditions This site uses cookies: Find out more.Okay, thanks
null
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People Content HBO Renews ‘Westworld,’ ‘Divorce,’ ‘Insecure’ By R. Thomas Umstead Nov 14, 2016 People Comcast Names Kathy Kelly-Brown SVP, Strategic Initiatives By Mike Farrell Nov 14, 2016 FCC PTC to Senate: Confirm FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel By John Eggerton Nov 14, 2016 Finance Starz Play Arabia Nets More Funding By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 Hulu Taps Nicole Sabatini to Head Integrated Marketing By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 UFC Makes Triumphant Debut at MSG By R. Thomas Umstead Nov 14, 2016 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community MCN Guest Blog Strengthening the Cord With Cause-and-Effect Analysis By Marek Polonski, APT Community MCN Online Extra -- Nov. 14, 2016 By MCN Staff Picture This Dan Rather Trumped Election Prognosticators By R. Thomas Umstead The Bauminator Daydream View Reviews Roll In By Jeff Baumgartner One Share, One Vote Is Fair By Edward Bleier, Media Industry Adviser MCN Online Extra -- Nov. 7, 2016 By MCN Staff Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Nov 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 Nov 07, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Oct 24, 2016 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights VOD VRV’s ‘Combo Pack’ Offers 8 SVOD Channels for $9.99/Month By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 Broadband Analyst: U.S. Telcos May Never Generate Fixed-Data Sub Growth Again By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 Finance Starz Play Arabia Nets More Funding By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 People Hulu Taps Nicole Sabatini to Head Integrated Marketing By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 14, 2016 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News1 Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Nov 10 2016 The Bauminator Daydream View Reviews Roll In Most find Google’s new mobile VR platform comfortable, uncomplicated 11/10/2016 12:30 PM Author: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator The Daydream View, Google’s new mobile virtual reality headset/platform, becomes available today for $79, and most reviewers are liking what they've seen so far.   Here’s a snapshot of some of the early reviews:   -The Verge gave Daydream View a score of 8.5. While it is similar to Samsung’s Gear VR on a “structural level” and supports a hand-held controller, the pub noted there’s “no flashy features on Daydream” like inside-out-cameras or eye-tracking.   But the View “is the best mobile headset I’ve ever used,” Adi Robertson wrote, noting that it’s smaller, lighter and more portable than the Gear VR. And like the PlayStation VR, the Daydream  View “rests more weight on your forehead than your cheeks, an option I’ve found more comfortable — I can wear it easily for hours at a time, compared to about the five minutes I can hold a Google Cardboard to my face before my arms get stiff.”   RELATED: VR 20/20: Reducing Friction Key to VR Adoption   -Wired said the best things about Daydream View are about “what it isn’t:  Complicated, Heavy. Expensive. Finicky.” The reviewer also agreed that the headset can be worn and used comfortably “for long spells,” while the controller “enhances every experience.   While Daydream View doesn’t use positional-tracking VR capabilities like those found on cabled platforms like the HTC Vive or Oculus Rift, “for a constrained VR experience, this is as good as I’ve seen,” the reviewer noted.   RELATED: Google Unveils Daydream View VR Headset, Controller   -The Wall Street Journal’s Nathan Olivarez-Giles also found Daydream View to be lighter and more comfortable than the rival Gear VR, but warned that consumers should understand that it “can’t come close to the level of precision found on more expensive and console VR systems” like the Vive and PS VR.  Like the Gear VR, VR apps and games will rapidly drain the phone’s battery.   -TechCrunch’s Lucas Matney also liked Google’s decision to go with a fabric-covered headset. “The View feels the least alien of any VR headset I’ve tried from a design standpoint and it’s also proven to be one of the more comfortable ones,” he wrote, but added that the width of the headset allows light to leak in – something that is “[a]nnoying, but not a deal breaker by any means."  TAGS: Virtual Reality VR Daydream View Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: NeuLion Expands in Asia with RugbyPass OTT Service WWE SmackDown Live To Air 900th Episode Wazee Digital's Andy Hurt Named to IABM North America Regional Council CenturyLink and Infinera Deliver 2.5 Tb/s of Super-channel DWDM Capacity at Super Computing 2016  Bart Baker to Premiere First Track from His Upcoming Debut Album Across Music Choice’s Platforms Starting November 11th MUSIC CHOICE TO FEATURE EXCLUSIVE AMERICAN MUSIC AWARDS CONTENT French reseller DV2 is latest Calrec Audio distributor for Brio “BET Presents Love & Happiness: An Obama Celebration” From The White House First Take Moves to ESPN January 3 Complex Networks’ Seriously.Tv Orders Series, Thanksgiving, From Writer Bethany Hall And Producer Daniel Powell, Co-Creator Of 'Inside Amy Schumer' Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → FCC Takes Aim at DirecTV Now Fox News, CNN Blocked on DirecTV for Second Day PlayStation Vue Dropping Viacom Channels PlayStation Vue Offers Big 4 Broadcast TV Feeds in All O&O Markets Clinton Leads in Media Polls Related Stories Oculus Developing Standalone VR Headset Jeff Baumgartner - 10/06/2016 06:45:00 PM America/New_York Seeking middle ground between the mobile-focused Samsung Google’s Road Ahead Jeff Baumgartner - 10/03/2016 05:15:00 PM America/New_York Google’s set to launch a bunch of new products and Google's VR 'Daydream' Nearing Reality Jeff Baumgartner - 8/24/2016 12:15:00 PM America/New_York Google will launch Daydream, its new Android-based Subscribe Now Events See All Events → December Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Convene,&nbspNew York,&nbspNY Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Freeze Frame -- Oct. 17, 2016 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Tuesday, Sept. 27 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Monday, Sept. 26 Freeze Frame -- Sept. 12, 2016 See All → CBS News Apps Add 360 Video Fusion Series Shines Light on Black Market SNL Kagan Sees 430,000 Video Sub Losses in Q3 Cowboys vs. Steelers Clobbers Trump vs. Clinton in Social Gwen Ifill Dies at 61 Watch Now: NATE Publishes Video on Anchor Corrosion Triton Digital’s Top 20 Ranker for September of 2016 There’s a New Satellite in Town Norway CE Group Endorses FM-to-DAB Adaptor as Gift SBE Chapter 54 Day of Learning Andrew Dominik Directs Simple and Powerful Nick Cave Music Video Watch the Trailer for Raoul Peck's Timely James Baldwin Documentary 'I Am Not Your Negro' Ang Lee Says He Will Continue to Explore High Frame Rate 'Manchester by the Sea' Editor Jen Lame on Letting the Film Breathe with a Longer Running Time 'American Bird' Filmmaker on the Risky but Important Work of Whistleblower Documentaries Facebook Does 20 Gbps Millimeter-Wave Broadband Watch Now: NATE Publishes Video on Anchor Corrosion Avid MediaCentral Heads to Sky Deutschland NAB Show NY Explores Emerging Technologies 2016 NAB Show New York Nets 15,000+ Attendees News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470

null
Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed DirtyCOW Linux hole works on Android too – “root at will” 25 Oct 2016 8 Google, Security threats, Vulnerability Post navigation Previous: Apple iOS users taste Android anxiety with nasty CoreGraphics image flaw Next: IoT chickens come home to roost by Paul Ducklin 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit Late last week, we wrote about a newly-patched Linux security exploit dubbed DirtyCOW. Super-simply, the attack works like this: Choose two files, one you can write to and one you can’t, and get the kernel to load them both into memory. Write over and over again into the file you’re allowed to change. At the same time, tell the kernel over and over again that it can borrow back the memory used for the file you can’t change. Wait a short while. (A fraction of a second in our tests on 32-bit Intel Linux 4.4.19.) The vulnerability, officially called CVE-2016-5195, means that the kernel will eventually mix up the memory buffer that you’re writing into with the memory buffer you’re saying you don’t really need any more. As a result, you get to overwrite the read-only file, which is something of a security catastrophe if it’s a critical system executable or configuration file. Sophos Home Free home computer security software for all the family Learn More This bug was in the Linux source code for the the last eleven years of kernel releases, and in theory affected every version on every platform during that time. We only tested it on what you might call a “regular” Linux distribution (for Intel CPUs), but it turns out that DirtyCOW affects Android running on ARM chips as well. That’s because Google’s largely proprietary Android ecosystem is built on top of the open-source Linux operating system, in much the same way as Apple’s macOS and iOS are built on a BSD-derived open-source core. A Github user going by Timwr has published a proof-of-concept project that shows how to replace the Android program called run-as. The idea of run-as is to allow an application to be run as if launched by a different user, just like Run As... on Windows. That’s useful in development and testing, but it’s also dangerous because run-as automatically acquires root privileges when it starts, and can pass its rootness on to the apps it loads. To keep things safe, the standard Google version of run-as therefore requires the user who started it to be root in the first place, as would be the case on a typical development or test device connected up for debugging. Loosely speaking, then, you can use run-as to root a phone, but only if the phone is already rooted in the first place. Clearly, replacing the admin-capable run-as program with a version that can be started by any user creates a gateway to root a phone permanently. The risk of rooting Google’s own Nexus and Pixel devices are sold so that they can be rooted if you like, and are thus commonly used by developers, but other vendors such as Samsung keep their phones locked down, Apple-and-Microsoft style. As a result, rooting – like its close cousin jailbreaking on Apple phones – is a popular pastime for users who want to do things differently. For many, it’s a way to remove what they see as vendor bloatware or to replace system apps with leaner, meaner or merely different variants. For others it’s a way to apply security patches that the vendor hasn’t got round to yet, or to update phones that the vendor no longer supports at all. And for some, sadly, it’s a gateway to piracy and other scofflaw shenanigans, including carelessly installing maliciously-hacked apps and making ill-advised configuration changes that introduce security problems that would otherwise have been avoided. In particular, an app that can “get root” can work around the data sandboxing restrictions imposed on regular Android apps, and thereby access files such as logs, messages, databases and other possibly personally identifiable information (PII) that would usually be off-limits. What to do? If you genuinely want to root your vendor-locked Android phone, DirtyCOW could be a handy way to get the job done, at least until your vendor’s next security update – though on some devices, that might be a dangerously long time. On the other hand, if you are a sysadmin looking after a menagerie of corporate devices, where the likely risk of rooting outweighs any potential benefits, you might not be so delighted at the prospect of easily-rooted devices. Worse still, dodgy off-market apps sometimes secretly use root exploits to get more power than you agreed to give them at install time, which is a danger to any organisation’s network. We suggest that you ask your Android phone vendors when their DirtyCOW updates will be available. PS. Sophos Mobile Control can help you to keep rooted phones off your business network by detecting that they’ve been rooted and taking corrective action. That could range from a simple popup warning, through the automatic removal of corporate email, to a forced remote wipe. Follow @NakedSecurity Follow @duckblog Android DirtyCOW Exploit Google root Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: Apple iOS users taste Android anxiety with nasty CoreGraphics image flaw Next: IoT chickens come home to roost About the author Paul Ducklin Paul Ducklin is a passionate security proselytiser. (That's like an evangelist, but more so!) He lives and breathes computer security, and would be happy for you to do so, too. Follow him on Twitter: @duckblog 8 comments on “DirtyCOW Linux hole works on Android too – “root at will”” Jimus Tsaplan says: October 25, 2016 at 8:53 pm Generally I don’t recommend to system administrators rooting the employees devices. You never know what will you miss at the first setup. And YES indeed can harm the business network and maybe a bunch of computers. It’s always better to have a safe device, than tweaking these mini Android computers to your needs. If you just can’t live (work properly) with out it, just go for it, I am in. Great article Paul Ducklin, nice sharing! Reply Darren Chaker says: October 26, 2016 at 3:42 am As consumer demand the latest and greatest increases to simplify life, security flaws continue to increase with it. I truly wish as the world gets more connected that companies puts its products through serious security evaluations prior to releasing the product. Best, Darren Chaker Reply Alan Robertson says: October 26, 2016 at 10:15 am I’m going to go out on a limb here and say that *** if you know what you are doing *** then a rooted device can be far more secure than an unrooted device. For starters you can run a low level firewall that you can apply rules per application that allow you far more control over what can and cannot access the internet. Why should the android keyboard app have internet access? A low level firewall is only possible by rooting. “No Root” style firewalls work by proxying the traffic and are easily bypassed by malware using their own proxy settings. The same does not apply to a low level firewall. Similarly, anti virus cannot truly function properly at removing stubborn malware as it doesn’t have root privileges to remove the malware. If you are unlucky to run an app that later turns out to be malware and the AV doesn’t have a current signature for it then you are stuck with the malware and cannot effectively remove it. Yes, don’t use third party app stores etc. but it’s not like Google’s app store hasn’t been caught out with malicious apps, is it? You could also argue that removing Google Play from the device and only sticking with the existing apps supplied by the manufacturer is safer still, but I doubt you will find many people willing to do this. Also, what is that vendor supplied app doing on your device? The temptation to spy on users and sell the users habits to other companies is huge – especially if you can subsidise your device and make it cheaper for the consumer. Even if it is “just meta data” it can still reveal a lot about someone, and it’s not like your permission was sought prior to this being done. If the device is rooted then any unwanted apps that are installed by the vendor can be removed easily – again increases security. If malware can use a zero day or some other undocumented feature to access root privileges, then it gains complete control of the device. A rooted phone, on the other hand *** with additional security added *** can thwart the attempts of malware and prevent your device from being owned. As a side note, privacy guard is useful for preventing apps that request access to your personal data with blanket permissions. VPN’s / Orbot are useful for protecting your data in transit by encrypting everything even if the apps / browser are not using TLS. Orbot works best with rooted devices as you can TOR everything as opposed to Orbot aware apps. Choosing a good browser that respects privacy and allows you to change the settings to make it more secure is a good choice. Personally I favour Firefox, but then I’m an open source believer. Some useful Firefox settings: General, Home, Addons, Only over Wi-Fi General, uncheck Full-screen browsing Search, remove Amazon, Qwant, Twitter, Wikipedia Search, set Bing as default (Google asks for captchas all the time with Orbot) Search, uncheck Show search history Privacy, enable Do not Track Privacy, make sure Tracking protection is checked Privacy, Cookies, Enabled, excluding 3rd party Privacy, check Clear private data on exit (select all – you need to choose quit!) Privacy, uncheck Remember logins Privacy, Telemetry off Privacy, Crash Reporter off Privacy, Mozilla Location Service off Privacy, Firefox Health Report off Notifications, disable What’s new in Firefox Advanced, Restore tabs, Don’t restore after quitting Firefox Advanced, disable Show web fonts Advanced, Plugins, Touch to play Advanced, disable Allow autoplay Advanced, disable Remote debugging via USB Advanced, disable Remote debugging via Wi-Fi Install these addons / extensions (or whatever Mozilla decides to call them): Canvas Fingerprint Blocker HTTPS-Everywhere No Resource URI Leak NoScript about:config network.prefetch-next FALSE Network.http.sendRefererHeader 0 (may cause problems with some sites) geo.enabled FALSE dom.storage.enabled FALSE dom.event.clipboardevents.enabled = false browser.sessionhistory.max_entries 5 privacy.resistFingerprinting TRUE (Right Click, New Boolean) privacy.trackingprotection.enabled TRUE media.peerconnection.enabled FALSE browser.send_pings = false (usually already set but best to check) webgl.disabled = true dom.battery.enabled = false “security.ssl3” switch all to false apart from: security.ssl3.ecdhe_ecdsa_aes_128_gcm_sha256 security.ssl3.ecdhe_ecdsa_aes_256_sha security.ssl3.ecdhe_ecdsa_chacha20_poly1305_sha256 security.ssl3.ecdhe_rsa_aes_128_gcm_sha256 security.ssl3.ecdhe_rsa_aes_256_sha security.ssl3.ecdhe_rsa_chacha20_poly1305_sha256 Other android settings that are useful: Use a password and not a PIN number! Or if you are okay about using one of your digits and potentially having your biometric data being leaked then use a finger that’s not your index finger. Settings, Notification access, App Notifications: When device is locked, Hide sensitive notification content Turn off “Show on lock screen” for all apps apart from the ones you want. (Stops casual snooping) Security, Make passwords visible Off Location Off Turn off MMS auto download: Messaging, preferences, settings, adavanced, Auto Retrieve MMS – Off, off, off!!! Nobody needs MMS and it is used with many other exploits like Stagefright. In settings, security, trusted credentials. Turn off all the CA’s apart from: Comodo, Digicert, Geotrust, Globalsign, Go Daddy, Thawte, The Go Daddy Group and Verisign Seriously, you don’t need the rest – try it. No offence to the Hong Kong post office but the number of CA’s is getting ridiculous these days. Settings, data usage, click menu option, turn on enable data usage alerts and also apply network restrictions to your wifi connections (will warn if large files are being downloaded) Lastly – patch your phone! It’s YOUR responsibility and not the manufacturers to make sure you are safe online. Nor is it your IT departments responsibility to protect you. More to the point, if your phone is compromised and the “bad guys” used your phone to pivot to the company SQL database which ends up on paste bin, well I’m afraid it’s your neck on the chopping block (and IT will happily oblige with log files proving it). Reply Mahhn says: October 26, 2016 at 4:05 pm Alan, either you took a lot of time to write that, or you have some good configuration pages, that I would be happy to review. Thanks Reply Alan Robertson says: October 27, 2016 at 11:26 am Hello Mahhn, I’m just a tech head – that’s how I roll on the internet. Hopefully someone finds it useful! I’m a big Linux fan and I like the ethos of Sophos – particularly the no back door approach to security. I fully recommend the Sophos anti-virus on Linux as I don’t subscribe to the idea that Linux is immune to viruses. I would love to see more products by Sophos – keep up the good work guys! Reply cyber security salary says: October 26, 2016 at 3:02 pm Really interesting Paul, wasn’t aware the nexus was sold with the option of them being rooted! Reply Paul Ducklin says: October 26, 2016 at 4:43 pm You can turn on ADB (the Android Debug Bridge) to allow development access via USB and over a network, you can grant yourself access to a root shell, and you can unlock the bootloader to reflash pretty much any firmware you like. (At your own risk. The wrong firmware could crash the device so badly that you can’t reflash the firmware again, thus giving you an expensive brick.) You use the { } Developer options menu item on the Settings screen, but you have to enable it first. Go to Settings | About phone/tablet, find the Build number item and tap it seven times. Reply ustechninja says: November 10, 2016 at 6:03 pm I just wish more carriers would offer rooted versions of devices so devs didn’t have to exploit. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads Oct24 by Naked Security writer 0 Monday review – the hot 25 stories of the week Oct21 by Paul Ducklin 10 Linux kernel bug: DirtyCOW “easyroot” hole and what you need to know Mar23 by Paul Ducklin 2 Android bug could allow an app to take over your phone completely Mar23 by Paul Ducklin 6 “Pwn2Own” competition pops Flash, Reader and four browsers, pays out over $550K [POLL] May14 by Paul Ducklin 12 Linux “got root” kernel bug patched after five years at large Dec12 by Paul Ducklin 0 Patch Tuesday – even Android and Windows RT get a look in SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2016 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Software Google uses Chrome's reach to give your phone a better web Google uses Chrome's reach to give your phone a better web A technology twist could make mobile browsing faster and more engaging, and Google's putting muscle behind it. Google uses Chrome's reach to give your phone a better web 0 Share: Software by Stephen Shankland November 10, 2016 11:29 AM PST @stshank Up Next Facebook may have built then ditched an update to fight fake news A Google Chrome lapel pin Photo by Stephen Shankland/CNET The web has taken a beating in the smartphone era. But it's about to start beating back. Explosive growth of the web, starting in the 1990s, connected the world's population. In the last decade, though, we all started tapping app icons instead of web hyperlinks to chat with friends, share photos and buy products online. Now Google's Chrome team and browser allies from Mozilla, Opera and Microsoft are putting a new twist on things. It's called progressive web apps, or PWAs. They endow websites with many of the advantages of native apps that run on Google's Android or Apple's iOS. And they can outdo native apps when it comes to fast, hassle-free loading. PWAs are headlining this week at the Chrome Dev Summit, Google's two-day conference in San Francisco for programmers who want to figure out where Google is taking browser technology. Native apps hog the spotlight, but at the conference, Google will reveal a good reason why browsers generally and Chrome in particular also deserve a place on the stage: unbeatable reach. "We have over 2 billion Chrome instances that are active" each month, said Darin Fisher, Google's vice president of Chrome engineering and the conference's opening speaker. That amounts to fewer than 2 billion people, because a single person can use Chrome on multiple devices, but it's still a platform with immense power. That power is essential to making Google's vision a reality. If it succeeds, that browser icon might be the one you reach for on your home screen a lot more often. Website usage tracking firm StatCounter says browser use on mobile devices just exceeded PC browsing worldwide. Photo by StatCounter Success on that front also could help restore the fortunes of the web, the closest the computing industry has come to freeing us from software that works only on one device or another, like a Windows laptop but not an iPhone. In an era when tech giants wield tremendous power, the web levels the playing field and makes it easier for new competitors to join the game. It's no wonder Google is pushing the mobile web. This month, browser usage on tablets and phones for the first time surpassed usage on PCs, analytics firm StatCounter said. App fatigue Apps might get the glory, but the web does a lot of the work already. When we need to interact with a business or service, a website is often our first point of contact. Apps are popular, with millions available in Apple and Google app stores, but it's hard to convince people to install them, and even then, most lie dormant. Among American adults, "almost half...report that they use five or fewer apps at least once per week, and just 16 percent indicate that they use more than 10 apps on a regular basis," a 2016 Pew Research Center study found. And Localytics, which monitors app usage, found that 23 percent of users never reopen an app after the first time and that only about a fifth of people are likely to still use an app after three months. Darin Fisher, vice president of Chrome engineering, speaks at Google's Chrome Dev Summit. Photo by Stephen Shankland/CNET Fisher isn't pronouncing native apps dead, but he thinks PWAs means the web can shoulder more of the load. "It's expensive to get people to install an app," Fisher said, but progressive web apps arrive fast through the browser to keep visitors happy, then download extra abilities silently in the background. For website developers, he said, "there's really no fundamental limit to the kinds of experiences you can create." There's a place for both apps and websites, analyst firm Gartner believes. "A mobile website is more generic, with wider reach, like your ABC or CBS or Fox or NBC channels," said Research Director Jason Wong, while native apps are akin to "a cable channel like the Cooking Channel or MTV targeted toward a specific segment." Apps are great for people who use a company's services are lot, like the 10 percent or 15 percent of users who come back to an e-commerce site frequently, but websites are crucial for the rest. "The mobile web is unavoidable. Users are using smartphones and tablets to access websites more and more. Google has changed its [search] algorithm to reward mobile-optimized websites," Wong said. "It's imperative companies move to responsive and mobile-optimized websites." Progressive web what? If you're browsing the web, you won't see any fancy label announcing a progressive web app. But done well, you'll like it. The first idea behind a PWA is that websites arrive as fast as possible in basic form so you can get started immediately, then gradually flesh themselves out in the background -- thus the term progressive. Compare that to a typical native app that often requires you to download tens of megabytes of data and wait for an installation before you can get started. They're not for every situation right now -- games, for example. But PWAs can be appropriate for lots of situations with native apps, like social networking, e-commerce, news and streaming video. PWAs also download components so they work offline. And they take advantage of push notification abilities for the web -- for example, Carnival Cruise's site can prompt customers to finalize a reservation before it expires in 24 hours. And PWAs can be placed as a home-screen icon so you're more likely to use them again. The results have convinced companies like the Washington Post, Housing.com in India and Chinese e-commece giant Alibaba. Also, CNET launched its own progressive web app Thursday. Tap this Tech Today link on your phone or tablet if you're curious. Enlarge Image Thao Tran, head of global partnerships for Google, shows at Chrome Dev Summit how much less expensive it's been for Housing.com to woo new customers with its progressive web app. Photo by Stephen Shankland/CNET When Alibaba moved to a PWA, it found a website visit was 76 percent more likely to convert into a website transaction. Among Android device users, monthly usage increased 30 percent, and for those with iPhones and iPads, monthly usage increased 14 percent. PWAs are particularly popular in developing countries where mobile networks are slow and coverage is spotty, said Alex Komoroske, a Chrome group product manager. Using a cheap, low-end Android phone with an older 3G connection, downloading FlipKart's e-commerce native app took 14 minutes, but the company's progressive web app took 14 seconds, he said. Where's Apple? Google has built into Chrome much of the required supporting technology, including push notifications. Mozilla's Firefox and Microsoft's Edge are on board, too, making it safer for web programmers to bet on PWAs. Apple hasn't joined the party with its Safari browser, but Fisher is optimistic. If 50,000 website developers start using PWA technologies, "you can imagine Safari engineers will see there's a lot of interest," Fisher said. "Developers can have some influence, voting with their feet for what they care about." Apple didn't respond to a request for comment. Apple forbids other browser makers from using their own browser engines on iPhones and iPads, so running Chrome doesn't enable PWAs on those devices. Apple's lack of support is "a real concern for developers," Fisher said, but embracing the PWA approach still boosts performance on Apple's iOS-powered devices. Easier payments And progressive web apps will benefit from web payment technology where Apple is ahead, letting you easily complete a purchase with Apple Pay. A more general technology, the web payments interface, is coming to mobile browsers to connect to Android Pay , a credit card, Alibaba's AliPay service, Apple Pay, or whatever other payment mechanism your phone offers. It all leads to vast improvements over the plodding, hard-to-read websites still common with mobile browsing. "Everybody should be building a progressive web app," Fisher said. "It just makes sense." First published November 11 at 10 a.m. PT. Update 11:29 a.m.: Added photos from the conference and mention of CNET's progressive web app. Tags Software Internet Chrome Google Microsoft Mozilla CNET First Take Apple Pay (iOS) In partnership with retailers, banks and credit card companies, Apple launches the iOS mobile payment service Apple Pay in the US on October 20. See it Related Stories Microsoft Visual Studio is coming to Mac, kinda Now you can see NFL highlights in virtual reality Get a $315 software bundle for $15 Adobe Creative Cloud updates offer a lot for XD fans and Stock lovers Close   Discuss: Google uses Chrome's reach to give your phone... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Facebook may have built then ditched an update to fight fake news The best moment from every Marvel Cinematic Universe movie Each movie in the MCU is full of incredible moments. Here's CNET Managing Editor Eric Franklin's choices for the single best moment from each of them. by Eric Franklin Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
null

News Stocks Technology Healthcare Politics World Videos The Tape Latest Follow WSP Newsletter RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Search for: HomeNewsGOOGL Stock: Google’s Next Multibillion-Dollar Opportunity Begins To Take Form GOOGL Stock: Google’s Next Multibillion-Dollar Opportunity Begins To Take Form The app represents a “YouTube-like” revenue opportunity for the search giant, Wall Street firm says. November 10, 2016 Avi Eberstein Wall Street research firm RW Baird argued this week following a recent Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL) event outlining the next gen of Maps and its expanding local service features, that Google’s free mobile mapping app represents a “YouTube-like” revenue opportunity. Baird’s Colin Sebastian, who has an ‘Outperform’ rating and a $930 price target on Google stock, says as Google Maps ramps its own local service capabilities it could begin to increasingly pull traffic away from companies including Yelp (NYSE:YELP), TripAdvisor (NASDAQ:TRIP,) Groupon (NASDAQ:GRPN) and GrubHub (NYSE:GRUB). According to Sebastian, Maps “is one of [Alphabet’s] most valuable assets”. He estimates the mapping service could fetch the company $5 billion additional revenue per annum over the next three to four years, representing almost a third of the search giant’s advertising revenue growth by the end of FY 2020. “We note that $5 billion would equate to roughly $3.50/year per Maps user”, Sebastian said in his report. Illustrating the importance of Maps, the analyst, who calls Maps one of Google’s “largest untapped pools of revenue”, says that while 60% of Google search queries already incorporate some form of local intent, the location-related searches are growing 50% faster than mobile searches overall. Further, Sebastian called Maps one of the most underappreciated assets of the company, pointing out the uniqueness of the product with hardly any competition. Price Action Google-Parent Alphabet Inc is a big decliner this session with its shares plunging nearly 21 points on the day. The move comes on strong volume too with the issue trading 4.5 million shares compared to the average daily volume of 1.52 million. Shares of Google have declined 3.6% in the last 4 weeks and 2.9% in the past three months. Over the past 5 trading sessions the stock has gained 0.38%. The $530 billion market cap Mountain View, California-based company has a median Street price target of $970 with a high target of $1,120.00. Currently, there are 38 analysts that rate GOOGL a ‘Buy’, 3 rate it a ‘Hold’. Only one analyst rates the name a ‘Sell’. Alphabet Inc. Cl A is up 27% year-over-year, compared with a 3.9% gain in the S&P 500. GOOGL Previous article Next article Related Articles Business Uber Could Be Worth $12 Billion May 26, 2014 WSP Consumer New Copyright Rules Could Benefit Amazon and Netflix (AMZN) (NFLX) September 15, 2016 WSP Business Twitter (TWTR) to Surpass Yahoo (YHOO) in U.S. Online Ad Sales: Report March 26, 2015 WSP Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website The Latest Coming Soon: The Hollywood Giant And The Streaming King (NFLX) November 15, 2016 Get Ready, Tech is Set for a V-shaped Recovery (AAPL, FB, AMZN) November 15, 2016 The Fed Faces The Donald November 14, 2016 Amazon Stock: 2017 Might Be a Year for Spending, Not Earning (AMZN) November 14, 2016 How to Play the Stock Market Under President Trump November 14, 2016 Markets SPY 217.35 +0.76 +0.35% Nikkei 17668.15 -4.47 -0.03% UK 6792.78 +39.60 +0.59% France 4534.88 +26.33 +0.58% Germany 10723.70 +30.01 +0.28% EUR / USD 1.0739 -0.0003 -0.03% GBP / USD 1.2422 -0.0074 -0.59% CAD / USD 0.7419 +0.0043 +0.58% AUD / USD 0.7544 -0.0011 -0.15% Oil Fut 45.16 +1.84 +4.25% Gold Fut 1224.50 +2.80 +0.23% Editor’s Picks A Solar Flare Has Cracked The Earth’s Magnetic Field November 8, 2016 The Matrix is Real and We’re All Robot Grub October 9, 2016 Beyond Software, Microsoft Wants to “Solve” Cancer (MSFT) September 21, 2016 Amazon’s Daring Move Could Mean the End of Cable Subscriptions (AMZN) September 19, 2016 Microsoft Plans to Turn the Seas into Giant Data Centers (MSFT) September 18, 2016 How Virtual Reality Gave Me My Brain Back (Samsung VR) August 14, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google+ Authors Archive Copyright © 2016 Wall Street Pit | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
null
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Google Daydream View review: Yep, you should buy one By Todd Haselton | November 10, 2016 Front Page /Virtual Reality By Todd Haselton | November 10, 2016 Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Share Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available for purchase in the United States. It only works with the Pixel and Pixel XL right now, but other phone makers have promised updates to their handsets that should enable support soon. I’ve been playing around with the Daydream View in our offices for a bit, and I’m ready to serve up my platter of opinion. I think there’s huge potential for the headset, but there’s also a lack of content and a bit too much obscurity about what additional smartphones are going to support it. Let’s discuss. Hardware I can’t shake the thought, for some reason the Google Daydream View reminds me of a wool sock wrapped around Google Cardboard. It’s silly, and this isn’t at all what the product actually is. In fact, the cloth wrapping makes it very comfortable to wear, more so than Samsung’s Gear VR headset. The product is very simple, another feature in its cap against the Gear VR. You don’t need to plug your Pixel or Pixel XL into the device at all, just rest it on a small platform and fold it up into the viewer. You secure it with an elastic strap. That’s it. There are no cables, no charging, nothing. NFC takes care of everything in the background and will automatically launch into the Daydream VR application. My only gripe is that there were times, about a half dozen or so during my time with the unit, where the app didn’t launch appropriately. After removing the phone and replacing it, the problem was solved. The headset is comfortable to wear, relying solely on a strap that wraps around your head. There’s a soft-padded nose cavern that adds to the comfort, and I like that the cloth makes the whole product feel less bulky and cumbersome than the Gear VR. That comes at a cost, however. While the Daydream View may feel less bulky, I think it’s also less immersive than Gear VR. When you place the headset on, you can still see some of the your surroundings, a problem perhaps related to light reflecting off of either the smartphone or the glass lenses. This isn’t an issue if you’re sitting in a dark room, but it was when I was sitting at the desk under incandescent office lights. Tightening the headset helped a bit, but didn’t solve the problem. Controller Google has a quick 2 minute guide that walks you through how to use the controller, including instructions on what the various buttons are for. It’s convenient, since the controller is a key component in the whole experience. Think of it as a VR Wii mote. You can use it to select various menu items with a small cursor, complete with a virtual “laser” that tracks right back to the controller in your hand. It’s a brilliant way to interact with content. In fact, I much prefer this method than sticking to a touchpad on the side of the headset or buying a controller, as is the case with the Gear VR. Better yet? When you’re not using it, it stows neatly inside the headset. You can use the controller to move back to the home screen by holding the lower circular button down. It can also be used to re-center you when needed, and there’s a small touchpad up top that can be used for easily moving through menu items. It works really well. I still don’t know how long the battery lasts, but it has a microUSB charging port on the bottom for when it inevitably dies. Experience The virtual experience is pretty familiar, too. You’re basically standing in a forest with a selection of apps floating in front of you. It looks almost like what one sees in the Gear VR, save for you’re in a virtual house in that headset. From here, you can select a variety of apps, like Google Street View, a special WSJ VR application, several games, Google Photos, 360-degree YouTube videos and Google Play Movies. I know the system is new, so it’s going to take time, but there’s a disappointing amount of content right now. Sure, you can take a digital tour of a museum or watch a movie with Google Play Movies. Or maybe you’ll view some of the 360-degree photos that are stored in Google Photos. These are all great experiences, and the level of detail seems to be right around what I found in the Gear VR. With the lower-res and smaller Pixel, you just don’t get as much viewing space. There just isn’t much to do once you’re in VR on the Daydream. Gear VR, on the other hand, has a massive selection of games and experiences. It also allows you to access locally stored media, like movies and photos that aren’t up in the cloud. I wish Google allowed the same, and I suspect it will soon. Google is going to build on its experience, though. We know that a new partnership with the NFL will bring us on the sidelines and behind the scenes of NFL teams this season, for example. Developers will no doubt quickly expand the offering of games available, so long as Google sticks behind this as the defacto VR platform for Android. What’s missing I’m curious if Google will tie in its other products and services, too. Will I be able to view my email, load a website in Chrome or see a text message? You can use a browser in Gear VR and it also provides notifications from your phone, though you can’t interact with them. I appreciate having those functions, and hope Google considers adding them as options in the future. I also don’t like the sense that I’m standing in a forest looking for content. Google should offer different starting worlds, including maybe just a simple living room. Watching a movie in Google Play Movies, for example, puts you outside in a backyard theater. Why not just a regular theater, as is the case on Gear VR? While those situations — being outdoors — makes things feel a bit magical, they also take away from the immersion aspect of VR. Finally, while companies such as ASUS and ZTE have already launched “Daydream ready” smartphones, they don’t actually work with Daydream View just yet. Perhaps they will after a future update. That means there are just two phones that work with the system right now, the Pixel and Pixel XL. I suspect many more are on the way, but that also means developers don’t have a huge incentive to make great apps yet. Millions of people use Samsung Galaxy devices and can buy Gear VR. It will take a while for there to be as many people with Daydream-ready phones, and so I can see why developers may not make it a priority. Rating: Buy Despite all of this, I think the Daydream View is a solid buy rating. In fact, after spending time with our in-office unit, I went ahead and ordered my own from Best Buy for $79. That’s a fair price to pay, even if there isn’t a whole ton of content. I think we’re just beginning to see what these mobile virtual reality headsets are capable of doing, and I look forward to using my own headset to follow along as new apps and experiences are introduced. The headset is comfortable, the controller is great and the whole experience is dead-simple to use. You really can’t go wrong. Pros: Comfortable Great controller Affordable Cons: Not a lot of content Some light bleed Disclaimer: Google provided us with a review unit of the Daydream View headset. Todd purchased his own Daydream View after testing. Topics #Google #Daydream #Daydream View #Google #VR Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use More Related Stories Load More Articles
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google tells European Commission that Android offers choice, fosters competition Julian Chokkattu Digital TrendsNovember 10, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Google has published an open response against anti-competitive claims made by the European Commission regarding its Android mobile operating system, and its argument focuses heavily on “choice.” “The Commission’s case is based on the idea that Android doesn’t compete with Apple’s iOS,” writes Kent Walker, a senior vice president and general counsel at Google. “We don’t see it that way. We don’t think Apple does either. Or phone makers. Or developers. Or users. In fact, 89 percent of respondents to the Commission’s own market survey confirmed that Android and Apple compete. To ignore competition with Apple is to miss the defining feature of today’s competitive smartphone landscape.” More: Google Daydream View review As to Android, Google says, “no manufacturer is obliged” to pre-load any Google apps — the Google suite is offered so that users will get a “familiar set of basic services,” but manufacturers can pre-install rival apps as well. The Mountain View, California company says that while the European Commission doesn’t think Google should offer any pre-installed services, competitors “not only do the same, but they allow much less choice in the apps that come with their phones.” Through a variety of GIFs, the search giant shows off how open to choice Android is when compared to Windows and iOS. The firm contends that 39 out of 39 pre-installed apps on the iPhone are from Apple, and that 39 out of 47 pre-installed apps on Windows 10 mobile are from Microsoft. On the Samsung Galaxy S7, however, only 11 out of 38 pre-installed apps are from Google. But the European Commission nevertheless has a problem with Google Play, namely that it’s a must-have on Android devices produced by other manufacturers. This gives Google an edge in its bargaining position when it comes to deploying its services on these devices. Google’s counterargument is that the Play Store carriers plenty of competing, third-party apps that are thriving. For example, apps like Snapchat, Dropbox, and Spotify directly compete with some of Google’s services that come pre-installed, like Play Music and Drive, yet they manage to pull in millions of users on the Android platform. “Our apps suite approach explicitly preserves users’ freedom to choose the apps they want on their phones,” Kent writes. Google also says it works with manufacturers to ensure a minimum “level of compatibility” so that developers can ensure their apps will work on a multitude of devices — so that the operating system isn’t privy to fragmentation. More: The 20 best Nexus 6P cases to protect and style your Google phone “That flexibility makes Android vulnerable to fragmentation, a problem that plagued previous operating systems like Unix and Symbian,” says Kent. “When anyone can modify your code, how do you ensure there’s a common, consistent version of the operating system, so that developers don’t have to go through the hassle and expense of building multiple versions of their apps?” Along with maintaining a base level of compatibility, the search giant says it also offers all its services for free, without any licensing fees, and that’s a benefit that affects phone makers and consumers. With Google’s response in, we’ll have to wait for the European Commission to look it over and make a decision. Google faces major fine based on leaked European Commission charge sheet Russian officials fine Google $6.8M for violating antitrust rules with Android Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here’s what changed BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech First Click: I used an OLED laptop for two weeks and don't know if I can ever go back The Verge New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google Earth and Google Trends live cases appear at the Google Store +11,192 Quentyn Kennemer Nov 10th, 2016 Look what we have here: new live cases have shown up at the Google Store! Google is preparing to sell two new cases that’ll offer some unique flair for your smartphone: Google Earth (above): This case ships with a collection of curated landscapes from Google Earth. When pressing the shortcut button while a certain wallpaper is up, you can see the corresponding location on Google Maps in case you’re curious to explore more. Google Trends (below): The latest search trends will be visualized as a live wallpaper on your home screen. Pressing the shortcut button gives you a quick rundown of the latest trends so you can learn more. As with all Google Live Cases, the shortcut buttons can also be customized to open your favorite app in case you get bored of the default actions. Google is letting these particular cases go for $49.99 where $39.99 used to be the norm. It also seems Google is only letting these new cases go for the Pixel and Pixel XL. If you’re fine with that, then stay tuned as Google only has them listed as “coming soon.” local_offer    Google  Google Live Cases  Google Pixel  Google Pixel XL   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (0) stars Further Reading Free Daydream Views now available Pixel cases may cause camera issues DIY: Use Puffy Paint to protect the back of your Google Pixel Google Play Music gets smart redesign Project ARA Q&A stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vertDIY: Use Puffy Paint to protect the back of your Google Pixel closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 7 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 8 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 9 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 10 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Google to OEMs: Don’t use Qualcomm Quick Charge; USB-PD is the future There are two competing quick charge standards. Google wants to kill one of them. by Ron Amadeo - Nov 10, 2016 6:36 pm UTC Login to bookmark 142 Enlarge Google The proliferation of USB Type-C is making charging various devices easier than ever. Smartphones (other than the iPhone) and laptops are unifying under a single charging port, allowing any charger to plug into anything else. Today you can plug your Type-C phone into your Type-C laptop charger, and charging will happen. But because phones and laptops probably support different quick charging standards, the charging speed will be slower than it could be. The two competing quick charging methods out there are the proprietary Qualcomm Quick Charge and the USB Power Delivery from the USB-IF standards body. Qualcomm has a near-monopoly in the high-end smartphone SoC market, so nearly every high-end device supports Qualcomm Quick Charge. Qualcomm SoCs don't really exist in the laptop market, so Type-C laptops from Apple, Google, and others use USB Power Delivery (USB-PD). Neither one is really better than the other, but the incompatibility means you're only getting basic charging speeds when you swap chargers. To try aiming for quick charging unity, Google is telling Android OEMs to ditch Qualcomm's quick charge implementation and switch to USB-PD. Google seems really serious about this, as it has started to write quick charging language into the Android Compatibility Definition Document (CDD) that every OEM licensing Google's Android apps must follow. The new clause in the Android 7.0 CDD reads: Type-C devices are STRONGLY RECOMMENDED to not support proprietary charging methods that modify Vbus voltage beyond default levels, or alter sink/source roles as such may result in interoperability issues with the chargers or devices that support the standard USB Power Delivery methods. While this is called out as "STRONGLY RECOMMENDED", in future Android versions we might REQUIRE all type-C devices to support full interoperability with standard type-C chargers. "Proprietary charging methods that modify Vbus voltage" is Google specifically calling out Qualcomm Quick Charge as an unapproved charging method, and "Standard Type-C chargers" is a thumbs up for USB-PD. Google's use of language in the CDD is very specific. It's a big list of requirements and recommendations, but only points with the word "MUST" are actual requirements. For now Google only says USB-PD is "RECOMMENDED," which doesn't really mean anything—Google is just asking OEMs nicely to adopt something, which rarely works in the Android ecosystem. The real announcement here is that in "future Android versions" Google "might REQUIRE" full Type-C charger compliance, which would outlaw Qualcomm Quick Charge. If the past has been any indication, it will take a hard requirement from Google to see any real change happen across devices. We've seen the company take the same approach with default full-disk encryption on Android. It was only "very strongly RECOMMENDED" in Android 5.0 Lollipop, so no one did it other than Google. Default encryption became a "MUST" for high-end devices shipping with Android 6.0 Marshmallow, and then we saw other OEMs adopt it. There will always be a limitation to how much voltage any given charger can put out, but there's really no reason to have dueling quick charge standards. Qualcomm Quick Charge was a real commercial product feature before USB-PD had gotten off the ground, so it had its uses. Now that the USB-IF has weighed in, though, it's probably best to go with the "industry standard." The only two companies with the power to change it are Qualcomm and Google, and Qualcomm probably enjoys the lock in and extra licensing fees. Google has been a big promoter of the Type-C standard, and this change indicates the company will use its power in the Android ecosystem to force everyone to the same power delivery standard. Expand full story Reader comments 142 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Ron Amadeo / Ron is the Reviews Editor at Ars Technica, where he specializes in Android OS and Google products. He is always on the hunt for a new gadget and loves to rip things apart to see how they work.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
null
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 15, 12:50 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google DayDream View Release Date: Now Available To Buy On Play Store, Select Retailers By Karen Tumbokon On 11/10/16 AT 1:03 PM Close Earlier this month, Google announced when you’ll be able to buy Daydream View, the new VR headset created for Daydream-ready Android phones, including the Pixel and Pixel. Thursday Google announced on Twitter, “VR wherever you are. #Daydream View is now available. Next stop: Everywhere.”   VR wherever you are. #Daydream View is now available. Next stop: Everywhere. https://t.co/BkokBtXXLU pic.twitter.com/U3j8bzgmUe &mdash; Google Store (@GoogleStore) November 10, 2016   Related Stories Google Reveals Daydream VR Requirements NFL VR Football Series Coming To YouTube And Google DayDream Google’s Daydream View headset is available in the Google Store, and is available to buy in select retailers in the US, Canada, the UK and Germany for $79. If you’re not too familiar with Google’s Daydream View, Daydream View is a headset created by Google to work with its Daydream VR platform, which is built into Android Nougat. The view was designed to be easy to set up, comfortable to wear and is aimed at making sure first-time VR users can get the best experience. Daydream View works wirelessly, and can automatically detect when you put a Pixel or Pixel XL device in VR mode. Daydream VR will also launch with a ton of apps ready to go from the Play Store, including Hulu VR, Google Play Movies, the Guardian VR and Gunjack 2. There are 12 games, including Mekorama, Hunter’s Gate, Fantastic Beasts, etc. As of right now, the Pixel and Pixel XL are the only phones that work with Daydream, however that will change as more phones are released running Android 7.1 Nougat. Are you planning to buy Daydream View, or did you get a code when you bought a Pixel? Let us know in the comments! Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Small Business Owners Voicing Support For Trump Donald Trump's supporters drew up a blacklist of companies to boycott on Reddit, but endorsed some small-town businesses who have voiced their love for the president-elect during the campaign. Technology WhatsApp Finally Gets Video-Calling Feature With New Update WhatsApp users can finally make video calls with their family and friends thanks to the app's latest update. World What Women Should Know About Endometrial Cancer PBS anchor Gwen Ifill's death drew attention to cancers of the female reproductive organ. Here are the symptoms of endometrial or uterine cancer. National Affordable Care Act Not Working For All Americans Obamacare has seen premiums increase by some 25 percent on average. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Maps beta reveals new features, including default satellite view Eric Abent - Nov 10, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit It would seem a new update that adds a few noteworthy features is on the way to Google Maps. The update to version 9.41.0 isn’t officially here yet, but it has entered beta, giving us a good look at what’s coming up. The folks over at Android Police got their hands on the beta and have put together a changelog that details the biggest additions this update will offer. First is an option that you’ll probably love if you’re a frequent user of Google Maps’ satellite view. Google has included the option to start Maps in satellite mode by default, meaning you’ll no longer have to switch to your preferred view every time you boot up the app. The toggle for this option can be found in Google Maps’ Settings menu. Next up is the addition of an “on these lists” feature for restaurants. Now, when you’re viewing restaurant listings through Google Maps, you may see a selection of websites that include the location – or something from the menu – on a list. Among other things, this feature might give you a good idea of what dishes are recommended at the restaurant you’re visiting. Android Police points out that this is a contextual feature, and thus you might not presented with a selection of lists to peruse all the time. The final major item coming with this update isn’t so much of an addition as it is a change. With version 9.41.0 of Maps, Google is giving the Add a Stop page a bit of a visual rework, making it easier to add a stop to your route quickly. There’s no word from Google on when version 9.41.0 will officially roll out, but if you’re a frequent Google Maps user and want it now, you can always grab the APK. Otherwise, it probably won’t be long before Google’s beta test is complete and the official update begins. Stay tuned, because we’ll have more information on Google Maps as it becomes available. SOURCE: Android Police Story Timeline Sheep View project on Faroe Islands gets some help from Google Maps team Google Maps adds Lyft and Gett as ride service options Google Maps adds speed limits to Android app and Android Auto Google Maps dot now uses a beam to show your direction Google Maps gains new voice commands via "OK Google" Tags AndroidAppsgoogleGoogle Maps Must Read Bits & Bytes 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology Latest Headlines Nintendo Switch reportedly shuffles major launch titles Nov 15, 2016 Super Mario Run release date and pricing revealed Nov 15, 2016 eBay mobile app updated in time for holiday shopping Nov 15, 2016 NHTSA “Quiet Car” safety standard will make hybrids and EVs noisy Nov 15, 2016 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Nov 15, 2016 Latest Reviews MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Google to EU: The iPhone's existence means Android's competitive Listen | Print By James Walker     Nov 10, 2016 in Technology Google has filed a response to the EU's antitrust charges against its Android mobile operating system. The EU has alleged the company abuses its monopoly by bundling its own apps and services with Android, claims Google has consistently denied. Google condensed its statement to the EU into a blog post outlining its views on how Android improves competition, rather than stifling it. It noted that 24,000 devices from 1,300 brands run Android and are available from as little as 25 euros. "Android hasn't hurt competition, it's expanded it," Kent Walker, general counsel of Google, wrote. Android now powers over 80 percent of all smartphones. It comes with Google's services and core apps preinstalled, something the EU has taken offence to. It has said that having Google's search engine and Chrome web browser preinstalled on new phones automatically leads to consumers using those services. Google appears to be abusing its market monopoly to promote growth in its other products, something prohibited under EU law. Google said the European Commission's case "is based on the idea that Android doesn't compete with Apple's iOS." It noted that 89 percent of respondents to the EU's own market survey described Apple and Google as competitors in the smartphone space, pointing to articles suggesting Apple views Google as a rival. "To ignore competition with Apple is to miss the defining feature of today's competitive smartphone landscape," said Google. Google denied that its preloading of certain apps with Android, such as Gmail and Google Calendar, breaks competition laws. It said that no Android device manufacturer is obliged to install any of the company's apps. In practice, the vast majority do because consumers want them to be available. It noted that both Apple's iOS and Microsoft's Windows Phone "not only do the same, but they allow much less choice in the apps that come with their phones." While the company's points have been accepted by many consumers, it is thought that Google's latest response to the case will do little to sway the EU. Analysts have suggested that Google's simplest course of action is to settle the EU's charges. The company is reluctant to do so though. It believes it's acting in the interests of consumers who care little for the EU's anti-trust regulations in the first place. The case against Google comes alongside another inquiry into its use of shopping links in search results. Both inquiries contain parallels to the EU's 2009 ruling against Microsoft over its Windows operating system. The company was found guilty of limiting competition by bundling its Internet Explorer web browser with Windows. Microsoft was forced to develop a program shown to every Windows user that allowed them to pick a web browser after purchasing a new PC. The deal expired in 2014 and Microsoft has removed the prompt. More recently, it has been criticised again for making it difficult to use third-party web browsers on Windows 10. The case grew out of a much wider dispute between the EU and Microsoft dating from 1993. Google's rhetoric in its blog post suggests it doesn't see similarities in the two though. It repetitively explained how device manufacturers are under no obligation to include its services, unlike companies that use Windows on their products. Google said it's committed to "continuing the dialogue" with the EU and has no intention of conceding defeat in the near future. "[The EU's ruling] would mean less innovation, less choice, less competition and higher prices," said Google. "That wouldn’t be just a bad outcome for us. It would be a bad outcome for developers, for phone makers and carriers and, most critically, for consumers." More about Google, Android, Eu, Antitrust, Smartphones   Google Android Eu Antitrust Smartphones Mobile Ios Latest News Top News WhatsApp launches video calling Afghan warlord shrugs off violent past in bid to rebrand Iraq's ancient Nimrud recaptured but heavily damaged Russian aircraft carrier jets conduct first Syria strikes: military Dozens feared dead in new Med migrant sinking At Iraq's Nimrud, remnants of fabled city IS sought to destroy Op-Ed: Why Juan Manuel Marquez can't resist talking about Manny Pacquiao Weapons buried at sea is a major threat to marine life: Study 'Take cover!' Tackling IS car bombs in Iraq Iraq Christians tell tales of survival in the 'caliphate' Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2016 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers

ITBusiness.ca | Business Advantage Through Technology Follow Us Follow @itbusinessca Like us on FacebookContact Us G+ RSS Search for: Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content ITBusiness.ca Menu CMO Digital HR Mobile Operations Leadership Security Tutorials Finance Sports Blogs Events Videos Slideshows Mobility Posts Google Daydream View is both the escape from reality we need and the one we deserve Brian Jackson @brianjjackson Published: November 10th, 2016 The day after I stayed up until 3:30 AM to watch Donald Trump become the U.S. president-elect seemed like a perfect time to escape into virtual reality with Google’s Daydream View. Available today for $90, the fabric headset designed to work seamlessly with Google’s Pixel smartphone is meant to be paired with the Daydream app, also now available in Google Play. You could think of this headset as a luxury version of Google Cardboard, or a direct competitor with Samsung’s Gear VR. The concept is exactly the same – you slide your smartphone into a slot and view it through two lenses that are placed directly in front of your eyes. The headset is so dead simple to use that it could make VR great again (or for the first time). An elastic band holds the front panel tightly against the headset’s body and is easy to open up. When you place the Pixel on the plastic panel, the phone automatically detects the headset and will open the Daydream app. There’s even a convenient groove and another elastic band to store the remote control. When using the Daydream headset for the first time, the welcome tutorial walks you through how to use the remote. About the size and shape of a shoe polish pad, the remote has three buttons. There’s a clickable and touch-sensitive circle at the top, and two equally-sized circular buttons below that. You quickly learn the top button serves as the “app button” and the bottom serves as the home button. The home button serves an important role in calibrating your device for its pointing capabilities, often represented by a laser beam shooting into your virtual field of view. If you look at the controller while wearing View, you’ll see it represented in a skeletal outline. You’ll even see where your thumb is resting on the touch pad as you hold it. Now that’s really breaking down walls. Related First look at Google’s new Samsung- and iPhone-killer, the Pixel Samsung Electronics Ltd. is about to lose a big chunk of the North American smartphone market. It's difficult to reach any other conclusion after spending a few minutes with the Pixel, the new Published on: October 4th, 2016 Eric Emin Wood @ericewood Just having a controller to work with is a great upgrade for a smartphone-based VR experience. It feels more like using the HTC Vive headset, as you’re not bound to using a head-tracking user interface system that is often slow and clunky. Instead, you point and click with this sort of digital wand. Though the controller isn’t perfect. I had a bit of trouble defining the app button from the home button at times (the home button is more indented). Also, I’d sometimes click the track-sensitive circle area by accident. If you have small hands, you’ll feel comfortable using this remote. Another big win of this headset’s usability is its soft body. A nice foam padding around your eye sockets makes this far more comfortable to wear than other plastic or cardboard headsets. After a couple of hours of desperately trying to escape the new dystopian reality the world has been borne into, I almost forgot I was wearing the headset and was able to concentrate on the content on screen. It looks to me that Google has solved at least part of the problem of users only wanting to use VR for short stints. Maybe I could wear it for four years straight. When it comes to content, the Daydream app provides an interface where you browse through apps, games, Youtube 360 videos, and have the opportunity to buy and download new content via the Play store. My blissful time away from a Trump-influenced world included playing a 3D puzzle game, navigating a magic-wielding hero through a ghoul-filled world seen from an angled bird’s-eye perspective, playing a variety of table-top style games in a colourful world designed for children, and more. While Trump was likely appointing a climate-change denier to oversee the transition at the Environmental Protection Agency, I delved into a Youtube 360 videos where I saw extinct “sea dragons” live again, Darth Vader interrogate a Jedi, and strolled the grounds of the Taj Mahal via Google Streetview. With the Pixel, the VR world looks bright and crisp. The View unit holds the phone in place very well and I didn’t have any problems with video looking out of focus. My one complaint about the headset is that the nose bridge is a bit too large, allowing offending light beams from the outside world of horrible actual reality into my sphere of solitude. I tested a couple of other VR apps I found in the Google Play store and they also worked adequately with the View headset. Of course, they didn’t support the controller, though the volume controls are still active. In any case, it looks like the best VR content is to be found within Daydream and that will serve as the VR hub on Pixel and perhaps one day other Android devices. For now, only Google’s Pixel and Pixel XL are compatible with the Daydream View. But it’s easy to imagine after some time of exclusivity, Google will open up the Daydream app to other partner devices. (Or even more likely, keen Android users will find ways to sideload it onto their devices.) I say, the more people that can access this gateway to another reality, the better. Post to Twitter Post to Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share with Google+ More Articles Google launches major update for Gmail on iOS Recruiter says Trump's win could woo Canadian tech talent home from the U.S. Mobility, Posts Daydream View, Gear VR, Google, Samsung, virtual reality About Brian Jackson Editorial director of IT World Canada. Covering technology as it applies to business users. Multiple COPA award winner and now judge. Paddles a canoe as much as possible. Follow Follow @brianjjackson on Twitter Facebook Join Brian Jackson on LinkedIn Brian Jackson on Gooogle+ Website PageBooks - A collection of articles chosen by our editors and compiled into a magazine format designed for our readers. The marketing landscape of 2014: What digital marketers need to know Search Websites ITWC.ca IT World Canada.com Computer Dealer News.com Direction Informatique.com Publications CSO Digital CanadianCIO Computer Dealer News Computing Canada Community About Us Contact Us Subscribe Social Media Tech Videos Tech News Tech Blogs Tech Slideshows Tech Events CMO Digital Find Follow Produced By: © 2016 ITBusiness.ca
null
+ get the new report Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business Trend Reports Consulting Experts Membership Events PSFK Launches Future of Retail 2017 Loading... menu Explore by Industry Industry> Automotive Beauty Consumer Goods Education Entertainment Fashion Finance Fitness & Sport Food Health Home Media Retail Technology Travel Demographic Demographic> Boomers Kids Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Location> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Trending> Food Sports Retail Work Activity Activity> Advertising Branding CRM Design & Architecture Experiential Product Launch Research About Consulting Events Experts Membership Reports Wallkit Perch Transforms Dull Offices Into Beautiful Workspaces Design & Architecture Doc PDF PPTX Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Perch is an interior design startup launched by a former Google employee looking to bring chic decor into the workplace Macala Wright 10 november 2016 Perch is a new interior design and decor company that just launched last week whose design motto is “Own your workspace. Own your working life.” The company’s primary goal is to make you fall in love with your workspace – wherever it may be located. Former Google employee Lucy Lyle, who founded the site, felt that there was a niche in the online design and furnishing market for a company that transforms boring office settings into beautiful workspaces. As workplaces adapt to the increasing number of freelancers and remote workers globally, Lyle feels that workers should be able to beautify their workspaces so they can be more inspired and productive. With Perch, that inspiration does not require a perpetual scroll through Pinterest or Wayfair product collections. Instead, a person looking to up their workspace design game can simply log onto Perch and browse a collection of 120 products (priced between $7.50 and $1,250), specifically curated to cover all of the bases that any home worker may need. “Our goal for the first year is to establish ourselves as the go-to workspace brand,” Lyle said to Fortune, in response to the potential disruption Perch could cause in the $170 billion home furnishings and office supplies market. Can Lyle’s determination and design aesthetics carve out a new alcove in an extremely saturated market? With her determination, sharp focus, and the fact she’s already reaped in $1.1 million in seed funding from successful retail startups, it’s highly likely. Perch Design & Architecture Doc PDF PPTX Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending IKEA Built A Room To Look Like A Damaged Home In Syria Ido Lechner Posted November 10, 2016 Advertising Design & Architecture Today A Gun That Weaponizes Tears Designer Yi-Fei Chen created the device as an expression of the power of unloading negative feelings Media & Publishing Today Chocolate Cookbook Blends Food With Design "How To Kill Yourself With Chocolate" is based on the subtle toxin Theobromine, which is commonly found in cocoa Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: Future of Retail 2017 See All Travel Today Düsseldorf Subway Replaces Advertising With Art A remodeled station in Düsseldorf, Germany, has turned itself into a gallery for commuters Technology Today Fingertip Cameras May Help The Blind Read Without Braille HandSight is a translation system that works for printed materials and digital screens alike PSFK Membership Free trial: Get full access to the PSFK Creative Intelligence Portal for 30 days Related Expert Carter Jensen Experiential Advertising, Technology Retail Today Jaguar Previews Their First Electric Vehicle, I-PACE The forthcoming electric SUV derives its DNA from a supercar, with the efficiency of an EV Luxury Today Rolls-Royce And Hennessy Offer Their Perspectives On The Future Of Luxury The brands agree that customers should receive exactly the kind of experience they want, but be surprised along the way Home Today Coffee Table Creates Art Sculptures From Sand A one-of-a-kind design creates sand art creations right before your eyes PSFK LABS REPORT Future Of Retail 2017 Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business NEW PSFK Op-Ed Yesterday Customer Service Expert: Why Offline Retail Has Better Data Than Online Retail Healey Cypher, Founder and CEO of Oak Labs, shares why we should be thinking about the physical store as an e-commerce site PSFK Labs Today Retail Spotlight: Home Depot Reimagines How Employees Conduct Tasks The home improvement retailer puts the customer first by initiating local fulfillment centers and simplifying freight-to-shelf inventory management Fashion Today Hybrid Sunglasses Can Vibrate Music Through Your Skull Zungle has designed a pair of stylish eyewear that uses bone conduction to play music Fashion Today Pop-Up Shop Helps San Francisco's Homeless Online startup CRACK + CIDER has set up a store that is selling cold-weather essentials that can be purchased for others PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Labs Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Gaming & Play Today Children's Game Teaches Lessons About Entrepreneurship Combining the realms of analog and digital gameplay, Pizza Co. imparts lessons about business, while still being fun to play Travel Yesterday This New Hotel Brand Brings Co-Living To The Next Level Jo&Joe is a design-driven hostel concept created in response to the rise of the sharing economy PSFK Videos Watch Now: Study hundreds of change makers sharing their insights Syndicated Yesterday Mark Zuckerberg Discusses How Facebook Will Tackle The Issue Of Fake News The Facebook Chief acknowledged the issue of hoax stories and how far the social network should go to interfere PSFK LABS REPORT Future Of Work Cultivating The Next Generation Of Leaders NEW Sustainability Yesterday Electric Truck Can Be Built In Just Four Hours Charge is a new easy to assemble a type of vehicle that is designed to be safe and better for the environment Education Yesterday New AI Software Reads Lips Better Than Any Human The University of Oxford developed a new app that can more accurately read lips to make communication easier PSFK Events Attend Now: Join us at one of our innovation and trend debriefs IoT Yesterday T-Mobile's New Device Is A Wi-Fi Hotspot On Wheels SyncUp Drive provides Wi-Fi and connects people to their car in a cost-effective way No search results found. add to: daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Shared 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Enterprise Content Monetization Platform. Custom-built, to meet your revenue model.Learn more This Startup Wants To Make Contact Lenses Less Expensive Health IKEA Built A Room To Look Like A Damaged Home In Syria Advertising Coffee Table Creates Art Sculptures From Sand Arts & Culture Düsseldorf Subway Replaces Advertising With Art Design & Architecture Retail Spotlight: Home Depot Reimagines How Employees Conduct Tasks Retail Hybrid Sunglasses Can Vibrate Music Through Your Skull Technology Chocolate Cookbook Blends Food With Design Food Nutritional Biosensor Knows If You've Been Eating Healthy Health Pop-Up Shop Helps San Francisco's Homeless Fashion Rolls-Royce And Hennessy Offer Their Perspectives On The Future Of Luxury Automotive [Insight] Has the vegan movement finally started disrupting the food industry? [Inspiration] A design conversation with Bang & Olufsen + Paul Cocksedge [News] Uber rival Karhoo closes its doors after using up $250M in funding [Insight] What value does Twitter really give us, and why must it be saved? [Stat] Google Maps could be a $5 billion business by 2020 [News] Amazon will reimburse customers for in-app purchases made by kids [Insight] What’s the deal behind Snapchat’s new vending machines? [Insight] Google’s head of VR says video is key for mobile success [News] Facebook makes changes to its racially segmented advertising system [Inspiration] What path should designers take after the US election? [News] Nintendo’s new $60 console is perfect for retro gamers [Stat] Google Chrome reaches over 2 billion active installs [Insight] What a more unified Android experience mean for developers and consumers [News] Netflix introduces offline downloadable content options only for emerging markets [Insight] How Amazon Alexa and Google home offer a different approach to the home and privacy [Insight] Airbnb responds with a video to allegations of racial bias in the sharing community [Stat] Google Home is projected to overtake Amazon’s Echo in market share by 2020 [Insight] Take a look at The Verge’s new design and layout [News] Facebook adds support for Prisma art filters [News] Everlane opens a new retail space dedicated to cashmere [News] T-Mobile introduces a new device to bring WiFi access to cars [Insight] How a silicon valley investor played a big role in marijuana legalization in California [News] Facebook’s new job posting feature is a direct challenge to LinkedIn [Stat] Despite new payment advances, cash is still the most frequently used consumer payment option [Insight] What is Facebook’s overall AI strategy? [News] Intel’s new drones could be the first step towards flying billboards [Insight] What is the case against Netflix? [Inspiration] Music video follows a stationary bike being ridden in London [News] This app is trying to put an end to restaurant food waste [Insight] Looking at the past can tell us what to expect from the future of virtual reality SEARCH CONTENT BY VERTICAL Industry Automotive Entertainment Fashion Fitness & Sport Food Health Retail Travel Demographic Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Arts & Culture AI Cities IoT Luxury AR/VR Work Activity Advertising Branding Customer Retention Design & Architecture Media Experiential Product Launch Research Sign Up Newsletter Free Trial Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Sales & Partnerships Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps WhatsApp will continue to support BBOS and BlackBerry 10 until June 2017 November 15, 2016 Super Mario Run is launching on the iPhone and iPad on Dec. 15th for $13.99 November 15, 2016 Twitter adds new muting tools in an effort to curb harassment issue November 15, 2016 WhatsApp video calling now available to Canadian users November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps WhatsApp will continue to support BBOS and BlackBerry 10 until June 2017 November 15, 2016 Super Mario Run is launching on the iPhone and iPad on Dec. 15th for $13.99 November 15, 2016 Twitter adds new muting tools in an effort to curb harassment issue November 15, 2016 WhatsApp video calling now available to Canadian users November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close The Beer Store’s order ahead app now available at more store locations across Ontario Xbox One Holiday Update that adds Clubs, Group Chat and more is rolling out in Canada Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View Patrick O'Rourke November 10, 2016 12:11pm While Daydream View is impressive, one of the VR headset’s most significant issues is its current lack of software. Although Google says more apps are coming, with over 20 set to launch by the end of 2016, at launch Daydream’s app offerings are sparse. According to Ausdroid, that will soon change. Google’s Cardboard VR app is reportedly recognized by the headset but is apparently not functional yet. The publication says that Cardboard is able to detect that the Daydream app is in use but still can’t identify the headset’s controller. The official word from Google is that its Daydream team is working on Cardboard support for the headset and that an update will be released in the next few weeks adding support for the company’s previous generation of low-cost VR hardware. Google’s Daydream virtual reality headset is now available in Canada for $99. Related: Google Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard SourceAusdroid ViaAndroid Authority   Smanny Patrick, Google’s Daydream VR headset currently works with all the Cardboard apps that I have tried. What doesn’t work is the Daydream controller is not supported by Cardboard. But the headset works fine with all the Cardboard apps so far. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
null
null
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. How do you impeach a President? Google searches surge per cent after Donald Trump's win Evening Standard 5 days ago Chloe Chaplain Americans left dismayed with the election outcome have been searching for ways to remove Donald Trump from office. As it dawned on the world that the billionaire was going to become President of the United States, searches of “how to impeach Trump” surged on Google. Google Trends saw a spike in search activity from the early hours of Wednesday morning UK time when the Republican candidate began to take the lead. The spike comes as the President-elect faces a federal lawsuit over fraud accusations about the Trump University real estate seminars. The students claim they were misled into paying as much as $35,000 to learn worthless real estate investing “secrets”. http://players.brightcove.net/1348423965/default_default/index.html?videoId=5204766735001 How did America vote? A breakdown by race and gender Unsurprisingly, the five top states for impeachment searches are all ones that voted for Hillary Clinton; California, Oregon, Hawaii, Washington and Colorado. The searches ranged from “is it possible to impeach Trump?” to “we the people impeach Donald trump”. What is impeachment? An impeachment is when an official currently holding office is charged with "Treason, Bribery, or other High Crimes and Misdemeanors". The House of Representatives will decide on if there are grounds to impeach a President and then the Senate will hold a trial, with Senators sworn in as jurors. It does not necessarily mean the official will be removed from office. If they are impeached, a separate trial will be held to decide if they will be removed from office. Video not available for syndication US Election: Thousands protest Trump's victory And other searches that have been rising in popularity in the United States include “how to move to Canada”, “how did Trump win?” and “stock market”. There is no definitive law on whether a President can or cannot be imreached for misconduct or crimes committed before he (or she) took office. In 1873 the House Judiciary Committee ruled that impeachment should only be used for misconduct or crimes committed whilst a President or Vice President was in office. Only two presidents have been impeached in the United States. © Provided by Evening Standard Limited Andrew Johnson was impeached in 1868 for violating the Tenure of Office Act. He was acquitted and the Act was later deemed to be unconstitutional. And Bill Clinton was impeached by the House of Representatives in 1998 on charges of perjury and obstruction of justice. The charges stemmed from a sexual harassment lawsuit, in which he lied about his affair with intern Monica Lewinsky. He was acquitted of all charges. Go to MSN Home More in News PM prepares 'bombproof' bill to force Brexit through Parliament The Independent Police close lane of busy road in hunt for RAF gunner missing after night out Mirror Cyclist 'nearly beheaded' by barbed wire 'trap' stretched across path Evening Standard Residents who stand to lose their homes vent fury as HS2 route revealed Press Association Teenager admits £42m cyber-attack on TalkTalk which hit 160,000 customers Daily Record Mayor under fire for shocking racist slur on Michelle Obama The Washington Post Up Next Comedian Rory McGrath in court charged with stalking married woman The Telegraph More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from Evening Standard 5 ways to embrace the winter blues in your home design Evening Standard Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger told me the best is yet to come from Alex Iwobi, says Nigeria coach Gernot Rohr Evening Standard Brexit: Supreme Court judge says EU vote 'not legally binding' and Brexit could be delayed Evening Standard This USB stick can diagnose HIV in 30 minutes Evening Standard Evening Standard More from Evening Standard Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Samsung's Bet on Artificial Intelligence Is a Good One -- If It Can Pull It Off The device maker is in desperate need of a killer smartphone feature. Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Nov 10, 2016 at 11:05AM Image source: Getty Images. If there was ever a time Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) needed a smartphone with a killer feature, it's now. Over the past month, the company has had to recall all of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones due to their inexplicable propensity to catch on fire, a problem that has thus far been responsible for a more than $5 billion loss and some disastrous damage to Samsung's brand. Perhaps that's why the company is looking to add a strong emphasis on artificial intelligence to its upcoming Galaxy S8. According to The Wall Street Journal, the company is expected to delay its launch of the S8 until early spring (a few months later than usual in its product cycle) and will incorporate a new A.I. assistant into the device, along with its own dedicated button to access it.  This news, in an of itself, is not all that impressive. It hasn't even been officially confirmed yet by Samsung either. But if Samsung can deliver on a capable A.I. assistant for the S8, it might just help the company win back some customers.  The A.I. assistant trend is gaining steam A.I. assistants aren't new, but having an intelligent, voice-controlled assistant embedded in your new devices is becoming more crucial than ever.  Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) is leading the charge with its Echo and Echo Dot devices and their Alexa assistant, which can tell you about the weather, order you a pizza or Uber, and play music, among many other things, in response to spoken commands and questions.  The Echo's newest competitor, Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Home, provides many of the same tasks through its new Google Assistant. Google has embedded its new assistant in its first-ever, fully branded phone, the Pixel, as well. All of which shows just how important Google believes voice-activated assistants have become.  Samsung is no stranger to digital assistants; it released its own S Voice in the Galaxy S3 back in 2012. But as WSJ pointed out, that feature hasn't received a major update in four years, which in the mobile world means it may as well not even exist.  Samsung's upcoming A.I. assistant doesn't need to be better than Amazon's Alexa or Google's Assistant, but it must -- at the very least -- beat out Apple's Siri. To hit that target, Samsung has made a few key moves already.  As the WSJ article noted, Samsung bought A.I. company Viv Labs just last month, and on its earnings call just a couple of weeks ago said that it is already integrating the acquisition's natural-language voice assistant technology into its products. "And through the acquisition of Viv, we have been able to secure a key capability in creating a very vibrant open A.I. ecosystem. We will be connecting not only our smartphones and tablets, but also TVs and other home appliances, and this will be -- to create an AI conversational interface to provide various services to the devices. And this will be a differentiating point and we will leverage this as a differentiating point for our Samsung devices,"" Samsung's vice president of mobile communications, KyeongTae Lee, said on the call.  Samsungs bet on A.I. as a "differentiating point" is likely more than just talk. A recent research report by Gartner shows that intelligent apps -- powered by A.I. assistants -- are one of the top 10 trends for 2017.  In a press release late last month, Gartner said, "Over the next 10 years, virtually every app, application and service will incorporate some level of AI. This will form a long-term trend that will continually evolve and expand the application of AI and machine learning for apps and services." Now or never In the quarter that ended in October, Samsung's profit fell 30% year over year, and the company's mobile division operating profit tanked nearly 96% year over year. The company is in need of a strong mobile recovery, and releasing a competitive A.I. assistant for its already-popular Galaxy S lineup could be a good first step in that direction. But Samsung will have to prove that its A.I. is much more than the gimmicky S Voice it debuted a few years ago, and it'll have to keep pace with other assistants already on the market. And after its Note 7 fiasco, there will be little room for error.  Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Chris Neiger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Chris has covered Tech and Telecom companies for The Motley Fool since 2012. Follow him on Twitter for the latest tech stock coverage. Follow @tmfnewsie Article Info Nov 10, 2016 at 11:05AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $771.26 up $18.04 (2.40%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $740.63 up $21.56 (3.00%) Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $106.52 up $0.81 (0.77%) Gartner NYSE:IT $101.39 down $0.17 (-0.17%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,250.00 no change (0.00%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $754.83 up $18.75 (2.55%) Read More Why Shares of Globant SA Are Getting Crushed Today The Biggest Flops in Microsoft's History Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Why Communications Sales & Leasing, Inc. Fell 12% Today The Simple Reason Why Fitbit and GoPro Are Struggling Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Tuesday 15th Nov 2016 Register Login Newsletter News Headline News Beyond Brussels Political Affairs Foreign Affairs Economic Affairs Brexit Migration Justice & Home Affairs Climate & Environment Enlargement Institutional Affairs Energy Digital Agenda Science, Tech & Research Social Affairs Opinion Agenda Focus EU presidency Nordic News Business Connected Europe EU & China Equality & LGBTI Rights Regions & Cities Youth & Education Europe in Review Health Stakeholders Investigations Investigations Dieselgate EU smoke & mirrors Privatising immigration Very private security Magnitsky Affair Fortress Europe Secret UE Eurozone Belarus Congo Search Register Login Newsletter About Us Corrections Advertising News Economic Affairs Google rejects EU antitrust charges on Android Google dominates 90 percent of the EU online search market. (Photo: Rosa Jimenez Cano) By Aleksandra Eriksson BRUSSELS, 10. Nov, 17:56 Google’s Android operating system has boosted competition rather than stifling it, the US tech firm said on Thursday (10 November), as it formally answered European Commission antitrust charges. The company allows phone manufacturers and mobile network operators to use Android for free, but it comes with 11 pre-installed Google apps, including a search function and Play, the company’s own app store. Dear EUobserver reader Subscribe now for unrestricted access to EUobserver. Sign up for 30 days' free trial, no obligation. Full subscription only 15 € / month or 150 € / year. Unlimited access on desktop and mobile All premium articles, analysis, commentary and investigations EUobserver archives EUobserver is the only independent news media covering EU affairs in Brussels and all 28 member states. ♡ We value your support. Not now Register If you already have an account click here to login. The system is widely successful. Some 75 percent of the phones in the EU already use Android, and its share of the market is growing. Google also has a 90 percent share of Europe's internet search market, which is where it makes most of its money. EU competition commissioner Margarethe Vestager said in April that Google protected its dominant market position by imposing unjustified conditions on manufacturers and mobile network operators that use Android. Google replies that the deal allows it to sustain its investments, while lowering prices for phone makers and consumers. ”Android means manufacturers don’t have to buy or build expensive mobile operating systems. As a result, smartphones are now available at dramatically lower prices - as little as €45 - and have become much more accessible to many more people,” Google’s senior vice president and general counsel Kent Walker wrote in a blog post. People want pre-installed apps Vestager also criticised that Google provided financial incentives to manufacturers that exclusively installed Google’s search app on their smartphones and tablets. Walker said the suite was necessary to ensure compatibility of the operating system among different devices. Users want to have some pre-installed apps, so they can use the phone at once after taking it out of the box, the lawyer said. ”Android’s competitors, including Apple’s iPhone and Microsoft’s Windows phone, not only do the same, but they allow much less choice in the apps that come with their phones,” he wrote. He said Google only asked for a small number of pre-installed apps - 11, out of the 38 to 45 which usually come with a new phone - and didn’t prevent manufacturers from installing rivals’ products. According to Google, smartphone owners download on average 50 apps to complement the ones which come with the cell. The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation (ITIF), an American think tank, threw its weight behind Google, dismissing all the commission’s objectives as invalid. Daniel Castro, ITIF vice president, wrote in his own blog post that the EU executive ”put ideology ahead of consumers”. ”The root of the problem with EU regulators’ complaints is that they are relying on outdated economic theories. They do not seem to understand that innovation-based industries, like mobile operating systems, operate differently than conventional industries,” he wrote. Jake Ward, president and CEO of the Application Developers Alliance, recently wrote for this website that the EU’s case against Google was bad for app developers.  FairSearch, a lobby group against Google’s dominant position in the online search market, said "it was time to end Google’s abuse of its Android monopoly” and called on the commission to find the US company liable. A complicated case ”Any manufacturer or network operator seeking to differentiate its devices or services is prevented from doing so by the web of Google's contractual restrictions the commission says is illegal. Google imposes severe sanctions on those who defy its insistence on conformity. For example, a phone maker that offers even a few phones that do not comply with Google's straightjacket faces a cut-off from all of Google’s branded products,” FairSearch’s counsel Thomas Vinje wrote. The case is highly technical. Google was due to reply in July, but asked six times to extend the deadline. Last week, the US company rejected charges in two other EU probes, on online shopping and AdSense service for advertisement.  The commission continues its investigation of all the three cases. If found guilty of breaching EU competition law, Google could face fines up to 10 percent of its global revenue. Site Section Economic Affairs Related stories Google rejects EU charges on online shopping EU charges Google over Android Android: great for innovation in Europe Greece's creditors hopeful of end of year deal 8. Nov, 08:38 EU finance ministers still aim to agree on the second part of the bailout programme and first debt-relief measures next month. States can force bank recapitalisation, EU court says 8. Nov, 12:58 The European Court of Justice has ruled that a state can bypass shareholders' opposition when EU financial stability is at stake. News in Brief Today, 13:59 Refugee detections plummet on Western Balkan route Today, 09:36 British EU workers need Belgian nationality, says UK official Today, 09:30 Austria's asylum cap not needed yet, says minister Today, 09:29 UK has no EU exit plan: leaked report 14. Nov, 19:59 French minister to appear in Dieselgate committee this month 14. Nov, 19:59 Another EU official 'not informed' of car cheating suspicions 14. Nov, 14:49 EU expands Syria sanctions list 14. Nov, 13:30 Iran pact must be implemented, says EU Stakeholders' Highlights Nordic Council of MinistersNew Nordic Climate Solutions at COP22 in Marrakech Counter BalanceNGOs Call on Development Finance Institutions to Act Against Tax Avoidance Martens CentreOur Transatlantic 9-11: Europe After Trump European Free AllianceTrump Victory and Brexit Show Urgent Need of Improving Democracy Dialogue PlatformCrackdown on Cumhuriyet Journalists and HDP Latest Examples of Efforts to Suppress Freedoms APEALSteel for Packaging - The Model Material for a Circular Economy European Healthy Lifestyle AllianceChildhood Obesity Rates Expected to Increase at Least Until 2025 Crowdsourcing Week EuropeLearn From Pioneers of Crowdsourcing, Crowdfunding & Innovation at #CSWEurope16 - 10% Off CSWEU16 EFAErdogan's Attacks on Democracy can no Longer be Tolerated Access NowBeware: Countering “Violent Extremism” Online Risks Human Rights EUFORESSecurity and Growth Potentials in the Energy Union World VisionMosul: Children Arriving at Camps too Terrified to Speak, say World Vision Staff Latest News Today, 15:24 German EU commissioner used Kremlin lobbyist's jet Today, 14:06 Austrian candidates both seek Trump effect Today, 09:12 EU must not ditch Turkey, ministers warn Today, 09:02 EU crafts defence plan in Trump's shadow 14. Nov, 19:46 EU split on semi-automatic weapons 14. Nov, 19:37 UK to remain in Europol for now 14. Nov, 14:21 EU countries snub commission on emissions penalties 14. Nov, 14:13 How the EU can deal with Trump
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology Virtual reality Technology Virtual reality Christmas predicted as number of VR headsets in British homes set to double Google and PlayStation have recently released virtual reality headsets that could spearhead the festive frenzy  Share  Comments ByJeff Parsons 16:37, 10 NOV 2016 Updated16:37, 10 NOV 2016 Technology A boy wears a Virtual Reality headset (Photo: Getty)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Virtual reality has undoubtedly been one of 2016's biggest technological trends . But will you plug in for an hour after you've finished the turkey and stuffing? According to Carphone Warehouse, around 10% of British homes will have a virtual reality device by Christmas. That's double the amount that currently own one. A report commissioned by the high street chain shows that VR and AR (augmented reality such as Pokemon Go) is 2016's fastest growing category when it comes to wearable technology. Google Daydream View review: The best entry point to VR - but don't buy it just yet PlayStation VR could be a big seller at Christmas The report doesn't distinguish between whether Brits will be picking up expensive headsets like the HTC Vive or Sony's PlayStation VR , or cheaper ones like the Google Daydream View . "Gaming is without doubt the reason most consumers are interested in VR but this is just the beginning," said Dean Kramer, Carphone Warehouse’s director of accessories. "As more and more players enter the market, the more content and choice of headsets will become available." VR isn't just for gamers: Virtual reality ART exhibition will open in London next year (Photo: Solent) The store is certainly jumping on the virtual bandwagon. It says that any phone (except Google's Pixel) it sells will come with a free Goji VR headset. Anyone that opts for a Samsung Galaxy S7 will get Samsung's Gear VR headset instead. However, take-up of the technology isn't without its blunders. 10% of those who have tried it confessed to having struggled to get to grips with it. The research found the most common VR "faux pas" is accidentally bumping into someone, or being so loud or animated that they've been asked to leave the room by their nearest and dearest. poll loading Is virtual reality here to stay this time? 0+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO Read More Virtual reality Veteran VR Batman in VR Art in VR Sky VR PlayStation VR review Oculus Rift on sale HTC Vive review Zuckerberg's viral picture Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Carphone Warehouse Pixel Wearable technology Accessories Virtual reality tech all Most Read Most Recent TechnologyWhatsApp finally launches the feature EVERYONE wants - and it has consequences for Facebook, Google and Apple Video calling has finally been made available on the platform, putting it into competition with Messenger, Duo and FaceTime NintendoNintendo Classic Mini NES sells out in days as gamers rush to buy cheap and cheerful retro console Dodgy Amazon sellers have been jacking up the prices to try and cash in on demand NintendoNintendo Mini NES Classic Edition: Release date, price, games and how to pre-order Mario's nostalgic new console Nintendo is going back to the glory days with this brand new version of the classic NES console - here's everything you need to know about it CGIJohn Lewis Christmas advert 2016: Experts reveal technical wizardry behind nation's favourite commercial Creating a photo-realistic boxer dog and making him bounce on a trampoline is just as tricky as you'd expect SmartphonesMirror Online has a new look - this is what we've changed Mirror.co.uk has switched to a fully responsive design, to give you the best experience whatever the size of your screen Which?Are phone and tablet software updates 'sapping' your battery life and storage space? Consumer watchdog Which? claims the major annual changes can hit phone and tablet storage too, after reports Microsoft's Windows 10 upgrade crashed or froze some devices GoogleSundar Pichai keynote LIVE: Watch Google boss reveal his latest plans for investment in the UK Sundar Pichai will speak at the company's new office in London, King's Cross at 6pm tonight AppleApple's next product could be a pair of Google Glass-style augmented reality specs Can Apple succeed where Google failed? The company is believed to be working on a new kind of wearable device TechnologyTwitter strikes back against internet trolls with new 'mute' and 'report abuse' tools New tools are designed to give users more power to defend themselves against online abuse SupermoonLeonid Meteor Shower 2016 - When is it, how to watch in UK and more dates of astronomical events including Jupiter next to the moon This weekend the red planet will be visible next to the crescent moon but astronomers and stargazers will have plenty more to see above the UK in November - including the biggest supermoon in 70 years Most Read Most Recent World newsLost Vincent van Gogh sketchbook contains 65 drawings from artist's 'most important years' The sketchbook - which is set to be published today - contains drawings from his most significant period while he was living in France TV NewsDanniella Westbrook confesses to new overdose and drugs relapse as viewers are shocked at her appearance The mum-of-two told This Morning that she took pills when she overdosed and "didn't think about" what effect it would have on her kids TV NewsI'm a Celebrity jungle on lockdown as EIGHT deadly spiders found inside the camp Eight Funnel Web spiders, which can kill in just 15 minutes, were discovered in the jungle camp Row ZedConor McGregor embarrasses girl on Instagram, so she immediately returns the favour After his win over Eddie Alvarez, The Notorious was in a playful mood - unfortunately for one fan UK NewsPolice hunting for missing RAF serviceman Corrie McKeague close one lane of busy road in search bid A mile and a half stretch of the eastbound A14 in Suffolk was shut today as search teams combed for clues about the gunner's disappearance Columbia UniversityIvy League sports dealt another blow as New York's Columbia University suspends men's wrestling team over 'racist, homophobic' texts The men's wrestling team at Columbia University is being investigated for the content of messages sent between team-mates Premier League relegationIs the Premier League the most competitive in the world? Top-flight compared to divisions in Europe It appears a number of leagues have just a couple of good sides - but how close do English sides finish compared to those on the continent? ToysMum creates her own 'natural-looking' doll range after blasting 'unrealistic' Bratz and Barbie toys Emma Cayley, a mum of two, created Devon Rescue Dolls using recycled dolls and gives them realistic eyebrows, smaller eyes and thinner and smaller mouths Justin BieberJustin Bieber takes SIX girl fans back to his room after gig in Czech Republic A casting call on social media asked for "eight pretty girls for a dinner and party with Justin B" Planet EarthPlanet Earth II music revealed! Composer is maestro behind Inception and Gladiator The music for the series was composed by musical maestro Hans Zimmer Top Stories SkincareEczema sufferer who felt like 'monster' after quitting cream addiction finally has clear skin Mum-of-two Melanie Lynch has revealed "living hell" she went through going cold turkey with the steroid treatment which make her skin burn and ooze UK NewsTeenager killed himself after being tortured by 'fake Facebook girlfriend who he broke up with', inquest told Mitchell Bowie was found dead at the age of 18 by his devastated brother and family believe social media girlfriend 'told him to do it' FamilyWhy you should NEVER feed your baby water - and how it could be fatal if you do There are plenty of warnings and advice about giving your baby water. Here's what you need to know UK NewsFabric nightclub ecstasy death teen hallucinated and 'mumbled "Daniel Sturridge" moments before cardiac arrest' One pal told the court: "Fabric was always known to us as the club to go to in London if you wanted to take ecstasy, because of the music and feedback from other people" CarsChinese vase bought for £10 at Hampshire car boot sale fetches £61,000 at auction A bargain hunter snapped up the pot 'because it looked interesting' - before realising it was such a rare gem BrexitEU referendum 'was not legally binding on Parliament' says Supreme Court judge Lady Hale's comment in a wide speech echoes Nigel Farage and Gina Miller, both of whom said the EU referendum was not strictly binding in law UK NewsPolice hunting for missing RAF serviceman Corrie McKeague close one lane of busy A-road A mile and a half stretch of the eastbound A14 in Suffolk was shut today as search teams combed for clues about the gunner's disappearance Weird NewsKids try to replicate John Lewis Christmas ad – things go spectacularly wrong We think there'll be a lot of kids testing their trampolines' durability thanks to a certain John Lewis advert TripadvisorFurious restaurant boss has perfect response to 'vile' Tripadvisor reviewer claiming to be paté expert Owner hits back and says; "Let me know if you do want to come again and I’ll serve paté in a Martini glass garnished with rocket and sparklers!" Donald TrumpTeacher fired after being recorded telling students their parents will be deported by Donald Trump One student with an undocumented parent said: “I worry about my dad because I had a nightmare that he wasn’t with me any more" CCTVTeens 'stab shopkeeper in face after they're asked for ID to buy cigarettes' The teens allegedly attacked the assistant leaving him with a stab wound to the left side of his face, while another employee had a bottle smashed over their head MauryBrazen babysitter sends dad-of-three naked picture and tells wife: “I was here first” The 23-year-old had looked after his children years before he married again News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Shares of Tech Giants Fall on Renewed Fears of Trump Administration Policies Todd Spangler NY Digital Editor @xpangler 2 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Print Pin It Tumblr Mark Ralston/Pool via AP November 10, 2016 | 08:38AM PT Shares of Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Netflix and Google fell Thursday morning, as tech investors evidently have grown more concerned that President-elect Donald Trump will adopt unfavorable policies toward Silicon Valley. In mid-morning trading, shares of Netflix, Facebook and Amazon fell more than 4%. Apple’s stock was down 2.9%, while Google declined 3.4%. That was below broader market indices, with the S&P 500 down 0.2% and the Nasdaq off 1.16%. As a candidate, Trump had called for a boycott of Apple products over its refusal to cooperate with federal agents investigating the terrorist attack in San Bernardino, Calif., last year, and he’s urged the company to bring its manufacturing operations to the U.S. Trump also has charged that Amazon is a monopoly that has avoided paying billions in taxes — and has accused CEO Jeff Bezos of buying the Washington Post, which has been a frequent critic of Trump, as a tax dodge. Meanwhile, the mogul/reality TV star has said he opposes the FCC’s network neutrality regulations. That’s fueled speculation he will try to repeal the rules, which would be a setback for companies like Google, Netflix, Facebook and Amazon. In addition, Trump’s protectionist positions on international trade and calls for greater restrictions on immigration also run counter to tech companies’ interests. Bezos posted a congratulatory tweet to Trump on Thursday, apparently seeking to build a bridge to the new administration after Trump’s harsh criticism of his company: Congratulations to @realDonaldTrump. I for one give him my most open mind and wish him great success in his service to the country. — Jeff Bezos (@JeffBezos) November 10, 2016 Apple CEO Tim Cook, meanwhile, sent a memo Wednesday to U.S. staffers urging them to stay calm and focused in the wake of Trump’s election. “While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed,” Cook said in the memo, which was obtained by BuzzFeed. “Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love.” Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg, in a post on Wednesday evening on the social site, didn’t address how a Trump presidency might affect his company. Instead, he wrote optimistically about the future for his 11-month-old daughter, Max. “Holding Max, I thought about all the work ahead of us to create the world we want for our children,” Zuckerberg wrote in the post, which he tagged with “feeling hopeful.” “This work is bigger than any presidency and progress does not move in a straight line. The most important opportunities of Max’s generation — like curing all disease, improving education, connecting everyone and promoting equal opportunity — will take long term focus and finding new ways for all of us to work together, sometimes over decades.” Filed Under: Amazon Apple Donald Trump Facebook Google Netflix Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 2 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 Biz 9:00AM PT Donald Trump’s Tense History With Hollywood Comes Full Circle 2 TV 7:12AM PT BBC America Greenlights ‘Killing Eve’ Series from ‘Fleabag’ Writer 3 TV 6:34AM PT Tom Hardy’s ‘Taboo’ Series to Premiere in January on FX 4 Digital 6:00AM PT Fullscreen Upcoming Original Series Include Bret Easton Ellis Thriller, Andrea Russett Talk Show 5 Digital 6:00AM PT Twitter Adds New Ways to Block, Report Abusive and Racist Trolls Oscars: ‘Voyage of Time’ Faces Challenge in Treating Voters to ‘IMAX Experience’ ‘No Oscar Campaigning,’ Academy Says, While Providing the Opportunity Ava DuVernay on Trump and Mass Incarceration: ‘He Feels It’s a Business’ Record 27 Films Submitted for Animated Feature Oscar Race Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply 2 Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Jim says: November 10, 2016 at 3:32 pm Another headline: Stock Market at All-time high after Trump Election. Reply Bas says: November 10, 2016 at 8:42 am Trump hates monopoly and hence why Techs are the main target. Great and on-time article Variety. Reply See All 2 Comments More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content 'Jimmy Kimmel Live' Teams With Bono and RED For AIDS Awareness… Stella McCartney Thinks the Fashion Industry Is Getting Away… The Voice Predictions: Who's at Risk on Top 12 Results… Tech CEO vows to murder Donald Trump with a sniper rifle, gets… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 59 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 15, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 15, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 59 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Controller is highlight of Google’s Daydream VR By ANICK JESDANUN The Associated Press First Published Nov 10 2016 09:45AM    •    Last Updated Nov 10 2016 10:34 am FILE - In this Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, file photo, Clay Bavor, Google vice president of virtual reality, talks about the Daydream View virtual-reality headset during a product event, in San Francisco. Google’s Daydream View virtual-reality headset sets itself apart by including a handheld controller that responds to gestures and other movement. It’s a fine device for its price, but it still needs more apps to make its potential more than a dream. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File) FILE - In this Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, file photo, Clay Bavor, Google vice president of virtual reality, talks about the Daydream View virtual-reality headset during a product event, in San Francisco. Google’s Daydream View virtual-reality headset sets itself apart by including a handheld controller that responds to gestures and other movement. It’s a fine device for its price, but it still needs more apps to make its potential more than a dream. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (3) New York • The best thing about Google's new virtual-reality headset isn't the headset at all. In fact, Daydream View would pale compared with Samsung's Gear VR headset were it not for Daydream's controller, a handheld device that responds to gestures and other motion. With Gear VR, I have to move my head to point a cursor at something, then reach for a button on the headset. With Daydream, I can just aim and click the controller in my hand. Sensors in the device tell the headset what I'm trying to do, whether it's swinging a tennis racket or casting a fishing rod. The headset's display responds accordingly. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The headset and controller are sold together for $79, starting Thursday. No rush in getting one, though, as the virtual experiences built for Daydream are still limited. And for now, it works only with Google's Pixel phone . ——— THE MANY FLAVORS OF VIRTUAL REALITY While sophisticated systems like Facebook's Oculus Rift and HTC's Vive let you walk around in the virtual world, Daydream View is a sit-down experience in which you use the controller to move yourself around. (You could walk around with the Daydream on if you wanted to, but you won't go anywhere in virtual space — and you might run into the wall.) But the Rift and the Vive each costs more than $1,500, once you include powerful personal computers they require. Suddenly, $79 sounds like a bargain. Daydream stays cheap by using the display and processing power of your phone, which you insert into the headset at eye level. Gear VR, at $100, takes a similar approach, but it works only with Samsung phones. While Daydream works only with Pixel for now, several other Android makers plan to make compatible phones. Sorry, iPhone users. Those without compatible phones still have Google Cardboard, a $15 contraption you hold up to your face. Using Daydream View, by contrast, is more like wearing goggles. While Gear VR has a better fit, with focusing and a second strap over your head to keep the headset from sliding too low, Daydream is much more comfortable to wear and use than Cardboard. ——— ALL ABOUT THAT CONTROLLER Those who've played Nintendo's Wii system will find the Daydream controller familiar. It's about the size and shape of a chocolate bar, and it has motion sensors to track movement. Although I'm not a big gamer, I enjoyed shooting water out of a hose to put out fires. You simply hold a button to spray and move the controller around to douse flames. You can even tilt the controller to control the angle of the hose. Another app lets you explore the universe by using the controller as a laser pointer to bring up more information. The controller makes it easier to navigate menus without making yourself dizzy; just move it around to point at things. And while getting the full 360-degree experience of VR often requires spinning around (a swivel chair helps), some apps in Daydream let you grab the scene with your controller and drag it around you, just as you would with a PC mouse. It's also handy to have volume controls and a home button in your hand rather than on your head. ——— NAUSEA FREE? » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY 3 photos VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Police: Multiple stabbings at Mountain View High School, suspect in custody LDS Church 'retires' Mormon apostle's 'little factory' pamphlet Critics cringe at Trump strategist Bannon's ties to alt-right, rhetoric targeting Mormons Make a low calorie whipped cream from an unlikely source for your Thanksgiving pumpkin pie Group of U-Va. students, faculty 'deeply offended' by Thomas Jefferson being quoted at school he fou ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Daydream View Arrives With YouTube VR App In Tow By Adnan Farooqui on 11/10/2016 08:17 PST Google unveiled its Daydream virtual reality platform earlier this year and about a month ago it formally revealed its first virtual reality headset called the Daydream View. The headset also comes with a controller and both of them have been made by Google, that’s an important distinction that the company is pointing out. The Daydream View can now be purchased directly from Google as well as its retail partners in a handful of countries and it arrives on the scene with the YouTube VR app. The Daydream app is now available for any and all Daydream-compatible smartphones – pretty much Google’s own Pixel handsets at this point in time – the app can be used to watch VR experience and browse a growing collection of games, apps, and videos. The app will automatically put fresh content front and center so users always have something new to experience when they put on their headset. Some of Google’s most popular apps like Google Play Movies and Google Photos now have support for Daydream. YouTube VR will enable users to watch any and all videos available on the platform on a virtual big screen as well as experience immersive videos made by some of YouTube’s top creators. Google says that its aim with Daydream is to bring high quality mobile VR to the masses and that this is just the beginning. More apps and games will be arriving for Daydream in the coming weeks and more Daydream-compatible smartphones will be out over the next few months. Filed in Gadgets. Read more about daydream, Daydream View, Google and Virtual Reality (VR). Source: blog.google Related Articles 2016-11-09 Daydream VR-Compatible Phones Must Have A Full HD Display 2016-11-03 NFL Creating VR Series For Google Daydream And YouTube 2016-10-26 Google Rumored To Be Working On A Mixed Reality Headset 2016-10-17 ZTE Axon 7 Mini Pre-Orders Go Live In The U.S. 2016-10-13 Google Releases Daydream Keyboard In The Play Store 2016-10-06 30 Daydream View VR Titles Confirmed By Google 2016-10-04 Google's Daydream View VR Headset Is Comfortable And Colorful Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE The Google Search Console is undergoing infrastructure updates Due to the infrastructure updates, some of the Google Search Console reports may be wrong or buggy. Barry Schwartz on November 10, 2016 at 8:35 am More Google has confirmed that they are performing “infrastructure updates” to the Google Search Console. These infrastructure updates may impact the reporting within the interface, so you may not be able to get accurate information from the Google Search Console during this upgrade. Google has not said when the upgrade will be finished, but rather it is “ongoing,” and they “thank you for your patience and hope to resume logging shortly.” Google did add that the data within the Search Analytics report “should not be affected” by these upgrades — but that in the other reports and sections, it may “prevent data logging in some reports for the next few weeks.” This began on November 1, 2016, and might last for most of the month. Of course, many are hopeful that this upgrade is Google’s effort to launch a year of data in the Search Console, something Google promised us many many years ago. But that might just be wishful thinking. About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Articles Google Safe Browsing "Repeat Offenders" will get a 30-day time-out Google Search Console removes sitelinks demotion feature Google Search Console improves Security Issues reports Google says the Google index status in the Search Console report is broken Channel: SEOGoogle: Search ConsoleGoogle: SEO Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Wearables Google Google Pixel Android How to set up Google Daydream View with Pixel or Pixel XL smartphones Where to buy and how to set-up and control Google's mobile virtual reality headset. By Oliver Cragg November 10, 2016 16:37 GMT Here's how to set-up your Google Pixel smartphone and Google Daydream View virtual reality headset.IBTimes UK From today (10 November), owners of the Google Pixel or Pixel XL can pick up the Android giant's latest effort to corner the mobile virtual reality market – the Google Daydream View. In the UK, the Daydream View is currently available from high-street smartphone retailers Carphone Warehouse and EE, as well as Google's online store. Details of other worldwide pricing and retailers can be found here. For our full thoughts on Google's Daydream VR headset and its new mobile VR ecosystem, check out our review. If you are already a proud Daydream View owner and possess a Pixel, then below we will walk you through how to set up your fabric-covered headset, then you can log into the Play Store in VR and download the best VR apps, games and experiences Daydream has to offer. How to set up Google Daydream View with the Google Pixel / Google Pixel XL Unpackage the Daydream View and controller and unfold the front flap by lifting the elasticated strap. Fit the felt strap to the Daydream View controller – you may need a needle to fetch the loop through as it is quite a tight fit. Unlock your Google Pixel. Download the Daydream app from the Google Play Store (if not already pre-installed). Tap the app and when instructed place the phone in the front compartment with the screen facing in toward the lenses and the volume and power keys facing up. Put the Daydream View on your head and adjust the head-strap and headset position until you can't see any blur. Play through the Welcome experience and continue to Daydream Home. Daydream Home can be accessed via your phone screen in the Daydream app or Google Play Store when not using the View headset, or from within the VR experience. Some apps are free and some are paid for, with prices currently sitting around the £5.99 mark, although this could change as more in-depth apps become available. You can both purchase and download apps while using Daydream View, while pre-installed apps will show automatically in Daydream Home. To navigate the menus in VR while in Daydream Home or the Play Store, use the pointer to hover over the icons and select them by lightly clicking the track pad. To scroll through horizontal menus, swipe left or right along the track pad. You can move around the full 360 degree environments by turning around while wearing the headset, but be aware of your surroundings before doing so. Google recommends sitting in a swivel chair, which we found works brilliantly. To exit back to Daydream Home at any point you simply need to press the inset button on the controller. Holding the same button down will reset the position of the screen and the controller's pointer. A volume rocker is also located on the right side of the controller, with sound emanating from the Pixel's speakers as standard. You can, however, plug a pair of headphones into the exposed 3.5mm jack to fully immerse yourself in the virtual world (and to not annoy non VR-dwelling people). More from IBTimes UK Ehang Ghostdrone 2.0 VR: How to set up your drone and get flying Halloween terror at IBTimes UK as we check out PlayStation VR horror games PlayStation VR review: Sony's virtual frontier becomes reality on PS4 Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Paralysed ALS patient uses computer to speak with her mind Columnists Tom Brake MP “Brexit means Brexit? It's clear the Government hasn't got a clue READ MORE Snowden warns about expansion of spying powers in Trump's USA Donald Trump will inherit the most powerful surveillance programme in the world. Most people would rather have Wi-Fi than sex, chocolate or alcohol 40% of survey respondents identified Wi-Fi as their number one daily essential. CertiKOS: Yale develops world's first hacker-resistant operating system CertiKOS runs on multi-core processers and supports concurrency on multiple CPU cores to keep hackers out. Why Jaguar's use of VR means product launches will never be the same again Virtual reality and the HTC Vive made the press launch of the Jaguar I-Pace a refreshing change. Five most outrageous fake US election news stories promoted by Facebook and Google Have I got some fake news for you... Super Mario Run iOS release date set for 15 December Nintendo announces release date and price for anticipated mobile platformer. 17-year-old boy admits seven hacking offences in TalkTalk data breach Suspect charged with breaching the Computer Misuse Act 1990. Pokemon Sun and Moon has no gyms and no HMs – here's what replaces them Forget Kanto – Alola plays by a different set of rules. Brain implant lets ALS sufferer with locked in syndrome speak using only her mind Brain implant allows Dutch woman Hanneke de Bruijne to operate a speech computer wirelessly. The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild reportedly won't be a Nintendo Switch launch title Reports indicated game will not be ready for new console's March 2017 release. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV November 10 GOOG: 762.56 -22.75 Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Stephen Hall - 5 days ago @hallstephenj Feature Android review vr Daydream Daydream View View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Like many of you, I first heard of Google’s Daydream platform — then rumored to be called Android VR — back at Google I/O 2016. I had hope that Google would pull an actual VR headset out of a hat at its annual developer conference, but, unsurprisingly, that didn’t happen. I felt a bit let down when I learned that the company was rather going to double-down on Cardboard. It seemed like a good idea in theory, but I was skeptical. Would smartphone-in-a-headset ever be a good enough experience for people to use VR for any longer than 10 minutes? Can phones handle captivating VR experiences? I’m still not completely sure, but having now spent a week with Daydream, I feel for now that the answer is going to be yes and no. The Mountain View company’s Daydream View headset is just the first headset that’s available for the platform. Google hopes that this thing will get traction, and that other OEMs will buy in and make more headsets, but for now it’s your only option for Daydream games and apps. It’s a nice option, however, designed to be more casual — Google says it designed it like an article of clothing — and less like some kind of futuristic cyborg headset. In that goal, Google succeeded greatly. I have yet to find a VR headset that I would be more comfortable just strapping on in public. I had my first experience with Daydream at Google’s October 4th event last month in San Francisco. The Daydream headset was one of the few things that didn’t leak in the months leading up the event, so the details of its actual physical appearance were a bit of a surprise. But the general form factor — that it would be a nicer version of Cardboard with a single strap and a wireless controller paired with some new software — was already known in advance. The not-so-good | Light leaks I strapped the headset on in what just-so-happened to be the darkest corner of the event space. It was upstairs in an area set apart from the rest of the event, and Google had some chairs set up that conveniently let you spin around like we’ve seen at I/O in years past. I didn’t really know why it was so dark at first, but I understood as soon as I got my own review unit in the mail last week. When I strapped on the headset, I realized that the sides don’t exactly close off completely. It depends on the lighting in the room and which direction it’s coming from, but I immediately noticed some glare on the lenses on the inside that only went away if I turned off the lights in the room (or at least made them much more dim). It is most noticeable on the black set up screens that sometimes appear — like when you’re syncing the controller — but, thankfully, when you’re deep in a game or a video and your screen is bright, it’s obviously a bit harder to see the bright glare on the lenses. I don’t really understand these gaps on the left and right sides of the viewer. If Google had designed the headset with them curved in just a bit, this wouldn’t be a problem at all. Perhaps Google left them open to cater to those using the headset with glasses, which Google boldly claims should work perfectly fine with the headset. I don’t wear glasses, but my wife does, and she confirmed to me that she didn’t really have any problems with comfort. If anything, it was the glare that she noticed. Screen resolutions and nausea But that’s only where the complaints begin. My biggest problem with Daydream has nothing to do with the headset itself, but rather I think the state of smartphone display resolutions. Daydream requires that your phone has at least a 1080p display to be dubbed “Daydream ready,” and I’m hoping that that’s just the bare minimum going forward. Just like you can with Cardboard, viewing your phone’s display at 1-inch distance isn’t exactly comfortable at times. Even with the Google Pixel XL, I can see pixels just fine in Daydream in most apps and games. And that’s both a killer of immersion (something you’ll be familiar with from Cardboard), and brings what is personally my biggest problem. I didn’t notice this with Cardboard (probably because I would hop into an app and use the viewer for a max of 10 minutes), but I’ve found that I get nauseous with Daydream. Daydream has a strap and is super comfortable, and it’s way easier to just put it on your head and get lost in VR, which means it’s really easy to use the Daydream app to navigate between apps and games and accidentally spend an hour or more in a different world. But I had a really hard time with this. Having used the Daydream View for a week now, I consistently get nauseous after using the headset for about 20 or 30 minutes. I suspect that this might have something to do with the resolution of the Pixel XL’s display, since I’ve not noticed the nausea as much — if at all — when using other devices like the HTC Vive or PlayStation VR. Maybe it’s something that I’ll “grow out of,” but in my week of using the device, I’m not too optimistic. Maybe this is just me, though, and maybe it will be resolved when Daydream-ready phones with 4K displays are available. The good | The good news for you, reader, is threefold: I know plenty of people that have absolutely no problems with phone-based VR, phones are getting higher resolution screens, and half an hour is plenty of time for a lot of the things Daydream can do right now. Watching YouTube videos in 360 degrees in the YouTube app. Playing quick games like Mekorama or Fantastic Beasts. Exploring some artwork in Google Arts & Culture. None of these tasks are demanding like playing Portal or using Tilt Brush on the HTC Vive. They’re easily the kind of things that are pick-up-and-play. For the thirty-or-so minutes that I am able to use the Daydream headset, I really do enjoy it. I think it might be the best entry point into VR that you can buy today. It’s a whole new experience, and I think this one might win some more “normal” people over. I was pleasantly surprised by how accurate the wireless controller is. I still really enjoy navigating my way around the Daydream app and switching between different VR apps using the remote. It’s great — it reminds me a lot of using a more accurate version of the Wii Remote — and it just feels natural. Playing games with it works really well. Which brings us to the controller… The controller The controller is really what I believe makes this Daydream headset worth going for. Google did a really good job communicating to its initial developers how the controller should be used. Controlling and playing the various games was just natural. Hunter’s Gate, for example, has you using the touch pad to walk around, while simultaneously using the controller to aim and shoot at enemies. It feels a little awkward when you’re first starting off. But what’s great about the controller is that, in all the different games and apps I tried, it became natural quickly. Your grandma can learn to use this controller. But beyond that, I just can’t explain to you how much fun this thing is to use — and I don’t think the novelty is going to wear off nearly as quickly as Cardboard did. With this controller, third-parties can build actual games for Daydream, and I think the early examples showcase this well. Fantastic Beasts didn’t come out until just yesterday, but I installed it, gave my wife this headset (she’s a huge Harry Potter fan), and she got completely lost in another world for half an hour. She used the controller to cast spells. I can’t really overstate how magical this controller feels, especially when the next-best-thing is super-expensive. There are just a few buttons on the bundled remote. You have the volume buttons on the side that, obviously, change the volume. You also have the touch sensitive area at the top of the remote, an app button (basically used for pulling up menus), and a home button. This gives you a lot of control options, but you’ll find yourself using the touch pad and the button when clicking it down the buttons you use most often. You’ll also use the home button, which has two primary functions. You can tap and hold to re-center the screen, and you can just press it to go back to the Daydream menu from within an app. The apps When you first open up the Daydream app, you’ll be walked through a setup process and made familiar with the controller. You’ll eventually end up at what is effectively a VR home screen, from which you can launch into some suggested apps and content and a collection of five apps. I’m not quite sure how the app determines which of your apps end up on the home screen (it seems like it’s based on the apps you’ve used most recently), but you can’t manually change it. There are three buttons at the bottom, though, including a shortcut to the Daydream-friendly Play Store, a full gallery of all your apps, and settings. You navigate between these menus by swiping left and right on the touch pad and pointing your remote at your selection, and it’s a lot of fun to do. Google’s own apps like YouTube, Arts & Culture, Play Movies and TV, Street View, and Photos are all equally as visually appealing and easy to use. Let’s touch on a couple of those really quick. YouTube: One of my favorite Daydream experiences is the YouTube app, which makes the mundane activity of watching YouTube videos a truly immersive and cinematic experience. Even videos that aren’t 360 degrees are fun to watch, because you feel like you’re in a movie theater and you can quickly adjust the size of your screen. It’s just a lot of fun, especially when watching videos that are more action-y like cinematic extreme sports clips and GoPro footage. Watching 360 degree videos is a lot of fun, too, but I almost prefer the standard videos because it takes a lot of work to constantly move your head in circles. Street View: Street View is another Google-made app which takes advantage of the unique abilities of the remote control. With the remote in hand, it’s really easy to pick a destination like the Taj Mahal and click around the different spots in all directions to take a virtual tour around your favorite destinations. Others: I also spent time in Mekorama, Hunter’s Gate, and Wonderglade. There are a lot more games and apps to come, but all of these take advantage of Daydream beautifully. Mekorama lets you use the controller to manipulate a model and move your character around, Hunter’s Gate, as I mentioned, uses the touch pad to navigate a map and shoot enemies, and Wonderglade has mini games that take advantage of things like the accelerometer in the controller. In summary, the experiences that Google bundled with Daydream out of the box do a great job of showcasing what this platform can be. But it’s just a start, and I can’t wait to see what else comes out in the coming months. The hardware As for the headset itself, I’m really happy with the build quality. It’s a well thought out product, with 10 little rubber nubs that hold your phone in place in the headset with no slippage. The front cover is held on with an elastic band, and Google ingeniously created a little slot for the controller on the inside of the headset when you’re not using it. On top of that, there’s only one strap and it works well. You’ll need to adjust it to fit your head, but once you do, it’s comfy and snug. The materials Google used are perfect. On top of that, Google has basically perfected the whole process of converting your phone into a VR headset driver. Gear VR makes you plug in your phone and it’s really clunky and sometimes not reliable. Daydream View has you slip your phone into the headset, close the front, and then the NFC tag built into the flap automatically opens up the Daydream app. It works almost every time, and it’s seamless. After you put the headset on, the Daydream app opens, and it asks you to hold the home button your the Daydream controller, which I’ve found works pretty reliably. The controller charges via USB-C. Conclusion | Overall, I’m pretty happy with what Google has managed to put together for its first real consumer VR product. The controller will catch you by surprise with how accurate and fun it is to use, and this $79 headset really opens up a whole new world of possibilities for people that can’t afford to go all-in with something like the Vive or PlayStation VR. Google holding a tight grip on which phones are good enough to be Daydream compatible is a great thing, and the Pixel is a good start. I have my gripes with display resolution and some light bleed on the sides, but other than that the Daydream headset is just too much fun. I can’t really sufficiently explain in text what it’s like to use this headset and the apps that Google and third-party developers have made for it. You really need to try it for yourself. And at $79, you’re getting a nice piece of hardware and a great remote in a package that makes phone VR a blast. But the thing with the Daydream View, just like a lot of other products Google has released this fall, is that it’s launching as a barebones experience. There are only some dozen-or-so third-party apps available out of the box, and there are maybe a couple more dozen coming before the end of the year. But the ones that are out now make me hopeful. Daydream View doesn’t have any super-fancy hardware or high-tech features, but that’s not what makes this a great VR experience. The entire point of the Daydream View is that it offers immersive and interactive VR for the any person. I really do think that the best way to describe this headset is as a natural evolution of Cardboard. Cardboard++, if you will. It takes Cardboard, adds a great VR app, brings a great VR headset that’s physically attractive and comfortable, and introduces a controller for navigating VR apps. All of these improvements, together, I think are worth your $79, and there’s so much potential for this to get even better in the coming months. Daydream View is available on the Google Store right now for $79 in one color — the gray one — and will soon be landing in two more colors. More details on availability are coming soon. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide review View THe Guide vr View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Horizon 2020 Projects Pan European Networks Call us on 01260 273 802 eMail us Search Home Publications Government Science & Technology Sectors Culture Defence Education Energy Environment Government Health Local Government Maritime Science & Technology Transport PEN Investigates Five Minute Interview Special Reports Partners Testimonials About Us Subscribe 15 November 2016Oxford University to launch first ‘Mooc’ 15 November 2016Air strikes resume in Syria 15 November 2016Finnish companies showcase innovations at EUW 15 November 2016EUW 2016 begins in Barcelona 15 November 2016Barcelona to host ENABLE in 2017 15 November 2016Russian jet crashes in Mediterranean Sea 15 November 2016Schneider Electric launches EcoStruxure Grid 15 November 2016German police target DWR Islamist group 15 November 2016Smartive receives innovative SME award 15 November 2016US envoy: ‘Climate deal bigger than Trump’ News Government Google hits back at EU Android claim10 November 2016 © Robert Scoble Google has rejected EU allegations that it abused its market dominance of its Android mobile phone operating system. Kent Walker, general counsel of Google, said: “Android hasn’t hurt competition, it’s expanded it.” The US tech firm sent its reply on to anti-trust charges issued by the EU earlier this year over the smartphone platform. The European Commission said it would carefully consider Google’s response before making a decision. Walker said in a blog: ‘The response we filed today (10 November) shows how the Android ecosystem carefully balances the interests of users, developers, hardware makers and mobile operators.’ He said that more than 24,000 devices from over 1,300 brands ran on Android, enabling European developers to distribute their apps to over a billion people. The European Commission sent a statement of objections to Google in April, alleging it had breached EU competition law. The firm is accused of placing onerous requirements on companies using Android and giving unfair prominence to its own apps, especially its search engine, in deals with phone makers. However, Google said: “No manufacturer is obliged to preload any Google apps on an Android phone.” If the EU rules against Google, it could face a fine and be required to change its practices. Email  info@paneuropeannetworks.com Registered Company #7652562 © 2016 paneuropeannetworks.com Subscribe Disclaimer: Pan European Networks is an independent portal and is not responsible for the content of external sites. Switch To Desktop Version
Toggle navigation Apigee PRODUCTS API PLATFORM Gateway Developer Portal Bot Prevention Security Monetization IoT APIs Analytics Operations QUICK START BUSINESS APIs Commerce APIx Healthcare APIx Identity APIx Open Banking APIx Telecom API Exchange CUSTOMERS COMMUNITY EVENTS Adapt or Die World Tour API Tech Forums BLOG Digital Business Developer Engineering CTO Musings GALLERY Ebooks & Reports Customer stories Webcasts DOCS Get Started Code Samples Policy Reference API Proxy Cookbook SUPPORT Rapid Launch Support Portal Forums DISCUSSIONS Business of APIs General New Customers DEVELOPERS SIGN UP FREE SIGN IN 34111 Apigee Is Now Part of Google 33881 Laying the Groundwork for a Successful API Program 34006 Completeness of Vision 33986 API Management with Kubernetes 33976 Announcing the New Apigee Edge Experience 33596 How APIs Drive Company Performance 33616 Becoming the Uncarrier: T-Mobile's Digital Jo... 33551 Storing Sensitive Data with Encrypted KVMs 33486 Apigee Edge for Public Cloud Version 16.09.21 Is H... 33101 Adapt or Die: The Leap of Faith Moment 33106 API Governance in the Enterprise 33091 The Banks Have Been Hacked. What Now? 32931 API Best Practices: Analytics 32541 Adapt or Die: Digital Know-How from Apigee Custome... 32476 Managing Sensitive Information in an API and Micro... 32426 API Best Practices: Developer Portals 32341 Apigee Sense Protection: Act on Threats to Your AP... 32196 API Best Practices: Platform Deployment Models 32126 How Organizations Adapt to Digital 32071 API Best Practices: Microservices 31991 Adapt or Die: Do Platforms Beat Products? 31776 API Best Practices: Security 31666 Three Things Companies Must Do to Attract Develope... 31526 Guts, Glory, and APIs 31441 Apigee Edge Private Cloud 4.16.09 Release Is Out! 31236 Blue/Green Deployment: Replacing a Plane's En... 31071 Nationwide: Building Trust with APIs 31066 Connecting Microservices and APIs to Business Valu... 30791 Why Digital Transformation Is About People 30796 Apigee to Join Google 30711 Developers Who Use Their Own Products Build Better... 30546 L.L.Bean's API Journey: Digital Commerce Done... 30486 Are ESBs Relevant in the Age of Microservices? 30426 Rearchitecting Analytics @ Apigee 30416 How to Build an API Initiative That Doesn’t Suck 30246 Keanu Reeves Made the Right Decision. Will You? 30116 Kubernetes Authentication for the Enterprise 29786 Apigee API Management Available for Apps in AWS Ma... 29831 Ticketmaster Brings the DevJam to San Jose! 29706 Why Apigee Auto-Scaling Matters 29626 Adapt or Die: It's Time To Go Big With APIs 29191 What's Better Than Microservices? Serverless... 28651 Shutterfly: Scaling Legacy Systems with APIs 28926 Uber's APIs: Giving Developers the Keys to In... 27686 Introducing the Apigee Commerce APIx Solution 28646 How to Make Your Apigee Edge-Okta Integration Seam... 28551 PSD2: An Opportunity for Lenders to Leap Into Open... 28381 Apigee Labs: Add Key Functionality to Your APIs 28246 Why Every CIO Needs to Know That Some APIs Don... 28161 T-Mobile: From IT to Advantage 27621 The Apigee API Platform: Commonality Across Use Ca... 27416 App Performance Monitoring Is Now Open Source 27366 Retail APIs: A Roadmap for All Digital Initiatives 27026 Why CTOs Have Been Thinking About Intelligence All... 27031 Cloud Deployments Done Right: Why APIs Are Key 26421 Glh Hotels: Instant ROI with APIs 26341 APIs Aren't Enough 26206 The Internet Doesn't Run on a Bus—Your APIs S... 26201 The State of APIs in Retail 26111 PSD2: 5,000 Banks, 18 Months, and Lots of Work to... 25926 Pitney Bowes and APIs: Tools of the Trade for Craf... 25921 From Proof-of-Concept to Production-Grade With Ube... 25761 Are You Ready for Your Chewbacca Moment? 25466 Internal APIs == External APIs 25386 Thank you . . . 25226 Google vs. Oracle and API Copyrights 25116 How PSD2 Changes the Banking Game 25021 You're Thinking Cloud, But Not APIs? Seriousl... 24936 Transavia: From Impossibility to Prototype with AP... 24731 Building APIs with Apigee Edge and Microsoft Azure 24666 Why Enterprise Security Needs APIs 24491 Orange: API Management for Scale and Speed 24306 The Business of APIs: Your Hundred-Day API Busines... 22856 API Management Everywhere: Apigee and Pivotal Clou... 22431 Voices of Digital Business: Customer Conversations 24071 PSD2: Banks Should Compete, Not Just Comply 23791 APIs: The New Security Layer 23551 Security for APIs, or APIs for Security? 23546 First Data: Adapt or Die Time for Financial Servic... 23466 The 12 Goals of Microservices 23391 Running Apigee Edge Microgateway in a Docker Conta... 23311 Integrating Philips Hue and Uber APIs: Here's... 23206 Tradier: Building Success with Partnership and API... 23016 The Differences Between API and ESB Patterns 22776 Microservices: A Bad Name for a Good Idea 22701 Vantiv: Simplifying Payments Innovation with APIs 22521 Building StreetCarts: Sample API Proxies to Access... 22351 Swisscom: From Telco to Business Platform with API... 22336 Hue APIs + Uber APIs = The Hueber App 22036 The Seven Deadly Sins of Developer Marketing 21906 API Best Practices: Learnings from Beyond Silicon... 21891 Is Microservices SOA Done Right? 21716 A Proof of Concept for API Management 21621 Five Ways to Help IT Respond to Business Demands 21476 Humana: APIs for Collaboration and Partnership 21481 Building vs. Buying Your API Infrastructure 21356 gRPC: The Story of Microservices at Square 21256 Managing APIs with Apigee Edge Microgateway and NG... 21111 Thomson Reuters: Meeting Customer Demand for APIs 21001 APIs for Data Security and Privacy: Part Three 20811 A Checklist for Every API Call 20726 Glh: Disrupting the Hotel Model with APIs 20636 An RFP Template for API Management 20526 The SOAsaurus vs. The API Ninja 20511 Belly & Apigee: Conserving Resources with API... 20246 APIs for Data Security and Privacy: Part Two 20216 Monopoly Goes Cashless 20011 Magazine Luiza: An Omnichannel Strategy Built on A... 20066 Digital Disruption at I Love APIs Europe 2016 20026 The State of APIs 2016 Report 20016 Eight Ways the Digital Financial Services Market W... 19966 Belly and Apigee: Building APIs for Microservice-b... 19946 Two Billion People, One API-Powered Identity Solut... 19796 Nissan Leaf's Naked APIs 19791 Digital Business: The Results Are In 19556 APIs for Data Security and Privacy: Part One 19486 Rapier: Cut Through the Tedium of API Specificatio... 19376 API Management: A Survival Imperative 19436 Bringing API Management to AWS-Powered Backends 19381 Apigee Test: Take the Pulse of Your APIs 19176 Belly Up to the Microservices Bar 19161 Pearson: Building an Education Platform with APIs 18971 Yes, APIs Are That Big 18906 Developing Node.js for Apigee Edge 18846 Bugaboo: How APIs Boost a Brand 18836 Advanced Security Extensions in Apigee Edge 18806 Visa and Apigee on Growing Your Business with APIs 18756 Bootstrapping: Improving Apigee with Apigee 18626 AWhere: Feeding the World with Data and APIs 18511 Tutorial: Adding a Logger Plugin to Apigee Edge Mi... 18376 Modernize SOA with APIs 18321 Go Small or Go Home 17966 Vodafone: Project to Program to Platform with APIs 18206 Apigee Wins Glassdoor Award 17881 APIs: The Only Fast, Affordable, Scalable Path to... 17786 API Management: It's a Twofer! 17776 Telstra: Speed, Scale, and Security with APIs 17681 Tutorial: Writing a Custom Transform Plugin for Ap... 17271 CIO Upload: A Conversation with Transavia's R... 17261 Node.js: Share Your Experience 17176 How to Become Google, Amazon, or Facebook (In Theo... 17096 How Apps Promote Health and Wellness 17011 Nine out of 10 People Won't Keep Their New Ye... 17001 Apigee Edge Microgateway 16956 Data-Oriented Designs for Common API Problems 16951 Morningstar: Building Excitement with APIs 16921 Computing Aggregation with Apache Spark & APIs... 16881 Ticketmaster: How APIs Help Provide "Moments... 16826 Pragmatic REST: The Next Generation 16816 MapQuest: Hyperfocused on the Developer Experience 16811 Health and Wellness: The Next Digital Frontier? 16786 Jump-start Health Data Interoperability with Apige... 16751 Pitney Bowes: Unlocking and Monetizing Data with A... 16731 A Checklist for Every API Call 16706 Amadeus and Apigee: Inspiring Innovation in Travel... 16361 Black Friday: Five Shopping Days, 60M API Calls pe... 16171 Black Friday: Protect Your APIs from Cyber Threats 16151 How APIs and FHIR Will Revolutionize Healthcare 15991 Computing Aggregation with Apache Spark and APIs 15776 API-First Development with Apigee-127 (and Swagger... 15936 Financial Services and APIs to Share the Spotlight... 15901 How the API Tier Trumps Monolithic Web Architectur... 15831 Edge Microgateway: Hybrid Cloud API Management 15821 How to Drive Adoption with Developer Portals 15786 Apigee Identity APIx: Empowering Mobile Authentica... 15766 Microservices at Amazon 15716 Deep Dive: The Strategic Importance of BaaS 15686 The Open API Initiative: Open governance for the S... 15661 API-First Development with Apigee-127 (and Swagger... 15636 I Love APIs 2015: Keynote Videos and Slides Availa... 15626 CIO Upload: A Conversation with SAP's Ingrid-... 15596 API-First Development with Apigee-127 (and Swagger... 15581 Digital Digest: Learning from Digital Transformati... 15561 API-First Development with Apigee-127 (and Swagger... 15551 Survival of the Fittest: Platforms Beat Products 15501 Modern Software Principles Every Enterprise Must A... 15466 Congrats to the Digital Accelerator Awards Winners... 15461 How We Live Today Is How We Work Tomorrow 15456 Apigee Sense: Intelligent API Security 15416 Apigee Health APIx: Accelerating Digital Healthcar... 15356 Security in the Digital Age: Deep-Dive Webcast 15336 Why Your Company Needs an Enterprise Gearbox 15341 Technology and Strategy Intersect at I Love APIs 2... 15321 Scaling to a Quarter-Million Requests per Second 15296 How to Benchmark Your Digital Success 15286 The "A" in SOA Doesn't Stand for... 15266 I ♥ APIs 2015 Loves Developers 15256 The Power of Self-Service 15231 Want to Stay Up When AWS Is Down? 15221 Avoiding Digital Self-Destruction 15206 Congrats to the Digital Accelerator Awards Finalis... 15196 How Usergrid Scaled to Over 10,000 Requests per Se... 15186 How 100-Year-Old Companies Move at App Store Speed 15181 The Apple Watch: A Personal Health Data Hub 15136 Build and Implement your API Analytics Strategy 15116 Apple’s Machine Learning Push: What it Means for E... 15091 How APIs Bridge the Innovation Gap 15071 I Love APIs 2015: Putting Two-Speed IT into Practi... 15066 Why are Patents Important to a Startup? 15056 Integrate your Slack with Swagger 15051 Industrial-Grade Data Security for Agile Developme... 15036 How APIs Unlock Value from the IoT 15031 I Love APIs 2015: The Future of Digital Business 15026 API Management: Generate Value with Monetization 15006 Using PaaS to run APIs and Microservices in Produc... 14996 How to Improve your APIs with Hyperlinks 14991 How to Speak Digital with your Board 14986 API Management: 360-Degree Business Visibility wit... 14976 Rethinking Governance in an API-First World (webca... 14971 API Management: The Strategic Importance of BaaS 14966 API Health: A Free Tool for Monitoring APIs, in Pu... 14961 API Copyrights: New Considerations for Building or... 14951 The Elements of Sophisticated API Management 14946 Swagger Test Templates: Test Your APIs 14936 API Management isn't SOA 14931 Using APIs to Program Disparate IoT Devices (webca... 14941 Top Seven Proxy Editor Improvements to Apigee Edge 14926 New eBook: The Definitive Guide to API Management 14921 Walgreens: Reaping the Rewards of its Latest API 14916 I ♥ APIs 2015: Learn How to be Agile 14901 Choose JSON for Building APIs 14896 The Innovator Spotlight Interview: Matthew Newton,... 14891 Create FHIR-Enabled Expriences: An API-First Appro... 14886 Nike: Fueling Incredible Growth With Digital 14876 API Management: Five Common Mistakes 14871 How can APIs Help you Innovate? (webcast & pod... 14846 Barcelona and Digital Transformation 14856 GLH: The Importance of Cloud-First IT 14841 Equinix: "Apigee has Made APIs Easy to Develo... 14831 API-DN: Measuring API Traffic In and Across Geogra... 14866 GLH: The Importance of Outside-In IT Leadership 14956 Apigee Edge SMB: API Management for Small and Mid-... 14826 With New Apple Watch App, Walgreens is on Your Wri... 14861 Technical Deep-Dive: Predicting Customer Behavior... 14816 Are You Prepared for Black Friday 2015? (webcast... 14811 The IRS Breach and the Importance of Adaptive API... 14806 APIs for Dummies: Stop Leaving Money on the Table 14801 Why Telstra Loves APIs 14821 Apigee Edge Cloud Release: SmartDocs Graduates to... 14796 Morningstar: "APIs are Critical to our Strate... 14881 New U.K. Digital Business Survey: An App Isn'... 14781 I ♥ APIs 2015: Learn, Network, Accelerate 14776 The Innovator Spotlight Interview: Paul Clark, ITV 14791 API Studio: A New Tool for Designing, Mocking, and... 14761 API Platforms and Systems of Engagement: The Enter... 14756 Platform Business Models and the “Winner Takes All... 14746 Preparing for Black Friday, Pt. 1: Handling High-T... 14786 Why Web APIs Won 13826 Use Salesforce? REST APIs and Apigee Connectors fo... 14736 Developers and Data Scientists: The Enterprise For... 13816 New eBook: The Role of APIs in Media & Enterta... 13821 Agile Development: How to Execute with Cadence and... 14741 API Security Deep Dive (webcast & podcast) 13806 Five Reasons why Bolt-on Analytics is a Bad Idea 13801 Design and Implementation of the Swagger Editor (w... 13786 APIs: Bringing the Promise of Digital Health to Fr... 13771 How to Create Personalized Experiences with Behavi... 13776 Apigee Edge Developers: Here's What You Need... 13766 API-First Security: Don't Build Your Own Magi... 13761 APIs: A Key to Customer Loyalty in Retail 13751 The ABCs of APIs: Basic Apigee Platform Concepts 13796 How Open Health Data will Accelerate Care Delivery... 13736 Announcing Apigee Link: Evolve From a Devices Busi... 13731 Monetize Your API Program (webcast & podcast) 13726 Customer Success: Faster Responses and a Vibrant C... 13721 Swagger's Future 13781 When Predictive Analytics Crafts the Wrong Cross-C... 13711 New Rules of Customer Engagement: Anticipate, Adap... 13691 Predictive Analytics: Far More than Business Intel... 13686 The IoT and Developers: What the Enterprise Needs... 13676 API Management: Is Your Solution Enterprise-Grade? 13716 Secure your API with a Layer of Indirection 13671 Tutorial: Adding Analytics to Apigee-127 APIs 13681 Apigee Edge API BaaS: Streamline App Development (... 13666 Apigee Product Highlight Video: SmartDocs 13656 Building an Event Sequence-Based Predictive Model 13661 Delivering Customized Experiences in Travel and Ho... 13651 I Love APIs Europe: Learn How Digital Businesses W... 13701 Predictive Modeling with Bayesian Statistics and B... 14766 Demo: Apigee Edge API, Developer, and Analytics Se... 13641 Apigee Edge Update: A Fine-Grained Look at API Per... 13636 New Apigee Institute Research: The Deep Impact of... 13631 The I Love APIs City Tour: Exploit the Connectivit... 13616 How to Achieve Agile API Security (webcast & p... 13611 The Digital Accelerator Interview: Kin Lane, API E... 13756 Tutorial: Using Remote Services and API Key Securi... 13606 A Blueprint for Designing Complex Architectures: P... 13626 The I Love APIs City Tour: Embrace the New Market... 13601 API-Centric Architecture for Building Context-Awar... 13646 A Blueprint for Designing Complex Architectures 13621 The I Love APIs City Tour: Move from Disrupted to... 13591 Digital-Ready IT: An API Platform Story 13586 How Apigee Handles High-Volume Customer Events 14911 Reach Two-Speed IT with APIs 13581 Building Node.js APIs with Swagger 13696 Behavior Graphs for Understanding Customer Journey... 13576 Demo: Apigee Edge 13566 OAuth 2.0 Support in Apigee Android and iOS SDKs 13551 The Innovator Spotlight Interview: Marie Austenaa,... 13546 Apigee Product Highlight: Apigee-127's Swagge... 13561 Lessons from a Customer Security Incident 13541 The Digital Accelerator Interview: Dan Raju, Tradi... 13536 Eight Questions to Ask Before Jumping into Digital... 13531 Tutorial: Protect your Apigee-127 API with Spike A... 13526 Security as an Enabler for the Digital World: The... 13521 The Apigee Institute's Top Reads from 2014 13746 Innovator Spotlights: A Look Back at 2014 13511 Santa Claus Corp.: Powering Worldwide Joy with API... 13516 2014 Apigee Product Highlights 13496 Tutorial: Programmatic Access to Apigee-127 Servic... 13506 The Digital Accelerator Interview: Kevin Toms, Phi... 13491 The New Security Vulnerability: Third-party Apps E... 13486 Apigee Insights Update: Enabling Developers &... 13481 The Innovator Spotlight Interview: Jaydip Sanyal,... 13476 Tutorial: Securing your Apigee-127 API with OAuth... 13471 Two-Speed IT with APIs: Move Fast and Maintain Con... 13501 The Digital Retailer: Finding and Engaging your Cu... 13466 The Digital Accelerator Interview: Heather Mickman... 13456 Tutorial: Adding a Request Quota to your Apigee-12... 13446 Why Your Online Store Needs an API this Holiday Se... 13461 Two-Speed IT: Driving Innovation by Extending Your... 13436 Analyzing Complex Behavior Graphs in Hadoop at Sca... 13426 New Report: Chasing Customer Expectations in Retai... 14771 The Innovator Spotlight Interview: Brendan Hayes,... 13441 Tutorial: Adding Caching to your Apigee-127 API 13421 The Innovator Spotlight Interview: Jerry Wolfe, Mc... 13556 Apigee-127 Tutorial: Implementing API Controllers 13416 Using Ansible in Cloud and On-Premises Software De... 13406 Tutorial: Apigee-127, Node.js, and Npm - Setting u... 13411 Successful App Development: A New KPI 13401 The Digital Accelerator Interview: Allen Rodgers,... 13391 New eBook - Anticipate & Adapt: The New Rules... 13381 Knocking Down Barriers to Digital Transformation (... 13376 New eBook Series: Why APIs? and What's Your P... 13386 The Digital Accelerator Interview: Somesh Nigam, I... 13361 Black Friday 2014: Customer Preparedness Checklist 13356 Build APIs in Node.js & Swagger 2.0 with Apige... 13346 Generating Release Notes with APIs 13341 Developing the Swagger Editor: Lessons Learned 13351 The Digital Accelerator Interview: Abhi Dhar, Walg... 13336 APIs on Node.js with Apigee-127: Weather Service D... 13326 The Innovator Spotlight Interview: Gunther Rotherm... 13321 Apigee Edge Update: New Node.js Features 13311 The Innovator Spotlight Interview: Matt Makai, Twi... 13306 Big Apps, Big Data, and Why "Connected Things... 13366 API Security Hygiene: Floss and Brush Daily 13301 The Walgreens Balance Rewards API: Great Developer... 13811 Apigee and the AWS Maintenance Reboot: All Clear 13296 The Digital Accelerator Interview: John de Keijzer... 13371 Adaptive Apps: Reimagining Customer Engagement 13291 Developer Outreach Best Practices with Developer M... 13286 Aneesh Chopra: Handshakes, Handoffs, and Governmen... 13281 Apigee Named a Leader Among API Management Solutio... 13271 How Target Prepared for Black Friday with API Perf... 13276 Apigee Cloud Deployment for High Availability 13331 Tutorial: Using Apigee-127 to Build APIs in Node.j... 13266 Getting Digital Ready: I ♥ APIs 2014 Videos and Sl... 13261 Customer Journey-based Segmentation with Insights 13256 I ♥ APIs 2014 CEO Keynote: Get Digital Ready 13251 Maximize Customer Investments with Data 13241 I ♥ APIs 2014 CTO Keynote: Building Adaptive Apps 13231 Equinix: Digitizing, Mobilizing, and Cloud Provisi... 13216 I ♥ APIs 2014: Sharing our Customers' Success... 13221 New Product Brief - Predictive Analytics: Build Ve... 13211 Insights Update: Make Every Interaction Count 13246 Get Digital Ready Now: I ♥ APIs 2014 Kicks Off 13226 Apigee-127: A Toolkit for Building Awesome APIs 13206 The Road to Fort Mason: Learn from Digital Change... 13201 The New IT: How APIs Enable New Relationships Betw... 13196 I ♥ APIs 2014: Unforgettable Content, Powerful Net... 13191 Digital Marketing: It's more than Digital Adv... 13186 Data-Driven Product Management (webcast & podc... 13171 New Business Brief - APIs: The New Marketing Platf... 13181 Project to Platform: Financing Digital Transformat... 13166 An Agile and Adaptive Cycle for Business via APIs... 13161 The Why and How of APIs: The Open API Model 13146 The Road to Fort Mason: The Digital Shadow Lengthe... 13141 New Apigee Institute Report: Lessons from the App... 13176 New Business Brief: Ten Critical Considerations fo... 13136 The Why and How of APIs: The Partner API Model 13131 Peace, Love, APIs, and … Bicycles 13121 API First: Shifting How Government Delivers Servic... 13116 The Apigee-SAP Partnership: Accelerating Digital B... 13396 Gogo Case Study: APIs as Competitive Advantage (we... 13111 Seamless: Using the Apigee SDK in Swift 13101 New eBook: Beyond ESB Architecture with APIs 13091 Project to Platform: The Bridge from Vision to Exe... 13126 The Why and How of APIs: The Internal API Model 13151 The Road to Fort Mason: Building a Network of Tech... 13081 Predictive Analytics on Big Data: DIY or Buy? (web... 13076 Volos Connectors: Flexible Data Access for Node.js... 13156 The Road to Fort Mason: The Digital Divide is Real 13071 A Blueprint for Digital Partnerships: How Data Ana... 13066 Digital Digest: Four Must-Reads for CIOs 13061 Sharper Insights with Predictive Analytics and Uns... 13056 Why Many Digital Initiatives Fail—Even the Great O... 13236 The Why and How of APIs: Where to Start 13046 APIs for Dummies: Apigee Special Edition 13086 Project to Platform: Muscle Memory and Budgeting f... 13041 API-Centric Data Architectures - Part II 13036 A Digital Strategy Crisis? Awareness vs. Preparedn... 13031 Maven Plug-in: Scripting the Deployment of API Pro... 13451 Project to Platform: Hurdles on the Path to Digita... 13021 Tradier: Bringing APIs to Retail Financial Service... 13026 New eBook: APIs and IT Rationalization 13016 Digital Accelerator Awards: Innovation Through API... 13011 The Why and How of APIs: Modernizing the Enterpris... 13006 The New Predictive Analytics: Proactive and Precis... 13001 Apple's Swift and CloudKit: Mainstreaming Baa... 12996 APIs: A Key to Rationalizing Agency IT Costs (webc... 12991 APIs and the Education Ecosystem 12986 API-Centric Architecture: New Foundational Technol... 12981 The New Predictive Analytics: The Democratization... 12976 Charting the API Journey: Accenture's Maturit... 12971 API Design: An Adoption-Centered Approach (webcast... 12966 The Why and How of APIs: From App to Platform 12956 API-Centric Architecture: APIs Make Agile Data Pos... 13706 A Design-First Approach to Building APIs with Swag... 12931 Make Your Customers Digital Disruptors, not Digita... 12926 Market Platforms and the Virtuous Data Cycle 12961 API-Centric Architecture: Integration Patterns Are... 12921 New eBook: APIs are Different than Integration 12916 Why APIs are Different Than Integration (webcast... 12951 API-Centric Architecture: Services Governance Does... 12911 Apigee Institute Roundtable: Aligning IT and Marke... 12946 API-Centric Architecture: SOA Gives Way to Micro S... 12906 Digital Ecosystems, Agile Apps, and the Experience... 12941 API-Centric Architecture: All Development is API D... 12901 Strategic Alignment: A Key to Digital Success 12896 Product Update: Track More with New Edge Analytics... 14836 Apigee SmartDocs: Introducing Smarter API Document... 12891 The Digital Shadow: The Reality Beyond the IoT Hyp... 12886 API Platforms: Buy, or Roll Your Own? 12881 Layering Mobile APIs for Profit and Business Agili... 12871 The Power of Internal API Programs (webcast &... 12876 Every Business Needs a CDO 12866 Powering Web and Mobile Apps for Government Agenci... 12841 When Your Product Design Makes Your Customers Feel... 12831 Heartbleed, API Services, and What You Should Do 12826 Field Notes: The Digital Path to E-tail 12861 Digital Digest: Unleash Your Digital Business - Th... 12816 The New Apigee Insights: Enable Predictive Apps 12811 Innovator Spotlight Video: Kevin Toms, Philips Hue 12806 Tweet Your ♥: The I ♥ APIs Sticker Contest 12801 APIs and IT Rationalization (webcast & podcast... 12796 Product Update: Your Business Questions Answered U... 12791 The Business Value of Reducing Medicare Complaints... 12786 Hundred-Year-Old Companies in the Digital Economy:... 12856 Field Notes: How E-tail Benefits from Digital Tran... 12821 Digital Digest: Must-Reads from the Apigee Institu... 12781 Apigee Edge and Node.js: New Possibilities for the... 12776 Q&A: Apigee Edge & Node.js 12851 Field Notes: API Architectures for E-tail 12771 The Apigee Institute: A New Community of Practice 12766 APIs as Products: Governing Principles 12761 APIs as Products: The How and the Why 12756 Innovator Spotlight Video: Mike Debnar, 7-Eleven 12846 Field Notes: E-tail, Data, and the “Smoosh” 12751 Hundred-Year-Old Companies in the Digital Economy 12746 A Cloud Enabled To-do App with Apigee Edge 12741 APIs and the Connected Home 12736 Innovator Spotlight Video: Nick Katsivelos, R/GA 12731 Innovator Spotlight Video: Sal Visca, Elastic Path 12726 A Growing Threat: DoS Attacks Against APIs 12716 Big Data Predictive Analytics in Action: Healthcar... 12721 API Security: the DevOps and CSO Perspectives (web... 12711 New Mobile Identity Validation Solution Enhances M... 12706 Customer Spotlight Video: Dan Raju, Tradier 12701 Developer Adoption: Beyond the Hackathon 12696 Six KPIs Every CDO Should Know and Love (webcast... 12691 API Infrastructure Security 12686 Innovator Spotlight Video: Mike Redding, Accenture 12676 How Data Analysis Drives the Customer Journey 12936 Field Notes: The Social Programming Interface 12681 Node.js General Availability: Build Your Enterpris... 12671 Segmenting Developers for Your Digital Strategy (w... 12666 Customer Spotlight Video: Abhi Ingle, AT&T 12661 Field Notes: Maximizing the Benefits of Your First... 12651 Apigee Edge API Services: The App Developer's... 12646 Permissions Creep: How to Avoid Review Damnation 12641 API-Centric Data Architectures 12836 Customer Spotlight Video: Nick Pudar, General Moto... 12631 Apigee Edge Product Update: Custom Roles 12626 New eBook: Securing the Digital Enterprise 12621 Walgreens API and Developer Marketing Strategies:... 12616 Custom API Behavior Using JavaScript and Apigee Ed... 12611 The Digital Journey: Different Runners, Same Race 12596 Innovator Spotlight: Sears - Leading the Retail In... 12591 Why API Management is not Enough (webcast & po... 12581 Hacked Refrigerators, APIs, and IoT Security 12576 Security Analytics: Don't Overlook Your APIs 12571 Field Notes: API Acceleration and Analytics ROI 12566 The New Corporate Perimeter: It's About Data,... 12506 API Mistakes to Avoid 12501 Measure What Matters: Six Metrics Every CDO Should... 12496 Welcome Subra Kumaraswamy and Tim Mather 12511 Report Packs: Custom Reports Based on Industry Bes... 12561 Predictive Big Data Analytics & APIs 12491 Predictions for the 2014 API Economy 12486 Digital Ecosystems: Opening Up, Everywhere 12481 API Maturity Model (webcast & podcast) 12466 Start 2014 with our Brand New, Free API and Advanc... 12471 Q&A: Why APIs are not SOA++ 12476 Why APIs are not SOA++ (webcast & podcast) 12451 Designing Apps for the Internet of Things 12456 APIthon Bangalore: Hacking to Glory 12521 Product Update: Analytics Custom Dashboard, Report... 12446 Mobile is Changing Everything [Infographic] 12441 APIs and Data: Journey to the Center of the Custom... 12586 Security in Digital Transformation: an API-Centric... 12431 Backend as a Service: Not Just for Mobile Anymore 12541 Launching an API Strategy: Breaking Through Inerti... 12546 Virtual Sensors and the Butterfly Effect 12416 Swapping Innovation for Transformation: The What,... 12426 In Search of CDOs 12411 Hacking the House - The Sydney Opera House 12601 Node.js: Extending the Programmability of Apigee E... 12406 Building for Google Glass: What You Need to Know (... 12461 Free eBook: Retail 3.0 - Are You Where Your Custom... 12391 Embarking on the Digital Journey: Best Practices,... 12396 Free eBook: Digital Transformation-Getting in Shap... 12381 Ten Steps to Bring the App Economy to Enterprise I... 12376 The Seven Habits of Highly Effective CDOs 12371 Product Update: SAML 2.0, API Product History, API... 12361 Walgreens: Attracting Developers to Their API 12551 The Importance of Making Your Big Data Insightful 12236 I ♥ APIs 2013: It's a Digital World Out There 12231 Introducing Volos: Open Source Software for Build... 12226 Build your First Mobile App in Half a Day (HTML5,... 12366 Anatomy of a Retail API Program 12221 T-Minus Five Days Until I ♥ APIs–Are You Ready to... 12556 Your Big Data Needs Some TLC 12401 Building a Digital Products Portfolio for Real Bus... 12606 Node.js: Extending the Programmability of the Apig... 12036 Enhanced API Dashboards: More Speed, Better Data,... 12031 Enterprise Analytics: The Art of Knowing the Known... 12021 I ♥ APIs Conference - 2 weeks to go! 12011 The Digital Gold Rush: Freemium Business Models 14906 The Digital Gold Rush: Stake your Claim. Get the T... 11986 Persistence Services for Optimizing Performance, B... 11981 Building a 21st Century Digital Government 13316 Staking your Claim in the Digital Gold Rush 11971 PCI Compliance: Protect Your and Your Customers... 12001 Turn Data Science into Business Science: Predict,... 12356 Monetization: The Right Business Model for Your Di... 12436 Digital Strategy: An API-Based Digital Future (vid... 11951 API Platform Update: Zero Downtime Deployment, New... 11961 Five reasons you gotta be at I ♥ APIs - our first... 11946 Are you where your customers are? 11941 Introducing the Enterprise Hackers Social Club — a... 12516 SAP Access: Enabling Mobile Apps to Consume Servic... 12526 Telco API Exposure: ParlayX-to-OneAPI SOAP-to-REST... 11926 Portability, Usability, Quality: The Three ‘ilitie... 12351 Walgreens Story: Putting an API Around Their Store... 11936 Making it Easy for Customers to Migrate to Your Cl... 12346 Mobile App Design Best Practices: Usable Interface... 12041 Crafting APIs for Mobile Apps: Everything You Need... 11916 400% Increase in Store Locator API Usage in 2013:... 11911 Austin Java User Group - Apigee Mobile Analytics 11906 Apigee in the World of Push Providers 11976 Developer Spotlight: Surfline - App to Follow Surf... 12341 Driving Digital Success: Three ROI Criteria for C... 12256 Tutorial: Push Notifications in 5 Simple Steps 11881 Design for Analytics: Going Beyond API Reports and... 11886 Digital Transformation: Real Options to Win in the... 11596 Monetization Services: Enabling New Revenue Stream... 11591 Developer Spotlight: Applause - Enabling App Devel... 13106 App & API Monitoring: Building a 5-Star Reputa... 11876 The Path to Push Notifications 11586 API Design: A New Model for Pragmatic REST 11581 API Design: Harnessing HATEOAS, Part 2 12336 Training: Build your first Native App for iOS with... 12331 Building Engaging Apps: Why You Should Fall in Lov... 12251 Integrate Apigee Push Notifications by June 30 to... 11566 Building Mobile Apps with HTML5, jQuery, PhoneGap... 11891 Digital Transformation: Are you the 99%? 11556 API Design: Harnessing HATEOAS, Part 1 11921 Easily Expose SOAP Services as RESTful APIs - Apig... 11561 API Design: Honing in on HATEOAS 11576 eBook: Developers Hate Marketing - Attract Develop... 11571 API Design: Ruminating Over REST 11896 Tutorial: Using Push Notifications to Pull Custome... 11551 Push Notifications That Customers Care About: Recr... 11546 Innovator Spotlight: Live Nation - Industrializing... 11541 API Platform Update: Streamlined SOAP to REST, Sim... 12656 Build your first Mobile App in 3 Hours with HTML5... 11766 API Design: Binary Data, Caching, Transactions, an... 11526 OAuth: Why it is Still a Good Solution to Secure Y... 12326 The Programmable Car: Apps, APIs, Data and Ecosyst... 11521 Developer Spotlight: SocialTagg - An App that Make... 11531 API Design: Harnessing Hypermedia Types 11511 NoSQL - NoProblem! Mapping your SQL thinking to No... 11506 API Design: Representing Actions and Metadata in R... 11481 Free Online Training: Build Your First Mobile App... 11501 API Design: Scrutinizing Search Results and Links 11496 API Design: Revealing Resource Responses 11476 Developer Spotlight: Picovico - Analyzing Behavior... 12246 Backend-as-a-Service: Drastically reducing mobile... 12056 SOA in the API World - Facades, Transactions, Stat... 11471 SOA in the API World (Webcast Q&A) 11486 API Design: Deciphering Security 11491 API Design: Demystifying Modeling 11466 Updated the Usergrid / App Services Node Module: 11516 Developer Spotlight: How CalorieCount, part of Abo... 12061 DevOps & Apps: Building and Operating Successf... 11956 store locator webcast 11461 updated App Services Admin Portal 12066 Accenture Technology Vision 2013: An API-Centric P... 11436 SSO 11396 Should I Build or Buy a SOA Layer Today? 12071 Successful Transition from SOA to APIs for the App... 11381 Developer Spotlight: The NEST Family Organizer 11376 Apigee Platform: New Generation Switching for Toda... 11371 Mobile Training San Francisco 11441 The Internet Backplane: A Glimpse Below the Waterl... 11366 Systems' Complexity, Social Chemistry, Intern... 11361 Network Switching in the Cloud: The New Backbone o... 12386 Build a Store Locator App with HTML5, PhoneGap... 11351 Business Level Monitoring using Traffic Compositio... 11346 Apigee Establishes an Advisory Board 11341 Innovator Spotlight: Earth Networks - Using APIs t... 11336 Can't go a Day Without your Critical Mobile A... 11331 Innovator Spotlight: Motley Fool: Using APIs to Bu... 12321 Redefine Omni-Channel Retailing - Harness the Powe... 11281 The New GSMA OneAPI Exchange is Powered by Apigee 11386 Developer Spotlight: RoundTable - An Interactive P... 12316 Economic Models for Reinventing Telcos (video... 11271 Signals and Insights: Value, Reach, Demand 11276 Designing for Mobile: Template App Icons & Lau... 11266 Updated the Node.js Module and JavaScript SDK 11256 Apigee on the Road - Upcoming Hackathon & Even... 11246 Analytics Platforms: Data Capture, Data Processing... 12311 From Napkin to App: Rapidly Prototype and Build fo... 11236 Updates to the App Services Docs 11231 JavaScript SDK and Node Module version rev 11226 New! Usergrid Command Line 11241 Piggy-Backed Mobile Network Transmissions & th... 11286 Innovator Spotlight: Cheezburger.com - APIs to Tap... 11221 Optimizing for Mobile? Bounded, Piggy-Backed Mobil... 11216 Backend-as-a-Service: The Future of Mobile Cloud C... 11211 Training: Apigee App Services in Santa Monica, CA 12306 API Design: Third Edition (video & slides) 11206 iOS Developers: Attend Renaissance with a 30% Apig... 11201 API Trends: What to expect in 2013 11196 2013: The Year of Mobile Optimization 11151 Learning Paths: Get Up and Running on the Apigee A... 11141 Refactored JavaScript SDK 11136 Innovation with APIs: From Photography to Telecomm... 11126 Killer Apps, Killer Whales & Evolving With You... 11131 LovePowerup: Peace, Love, and Mobile Apps 12006 The New Three Tier Architecture: HTML5, Proxies... 12076 Essential API Facade Patterns: Synchronous to Asyn... 11116 Demo real-time mobile app analytics 12081 The Business Value of APIs: PwC & Apigee Webca... 12086 Essential API Facade Patterns: One Phase to Two Ph... 11101 Join us for the Mobile Analytics Webcast! 11096 Updates & Fixes to App Services 12091 Essential API Facade Patterns: Session Management... 12301 APIs Inside the Enterprise: SOA Displacement? (vid... 11086 3 Levels of Understanding your Mobile Customers 11081 Beware One Way Streets: The Importance of Comprehe... 11066 The Business Value of APIs - Joint Webcast with Pw... 11076 Security & Privacy in the App Economy 11071 The Company API Machine: Easy-Grab Data Handles 12096 Essential API Facade Patterns: Composition (video... 11446 Users Reveal Top Frustrations that Lead to Bad Mo... 11301 Innovator Spotlight: Nimble - Helping Businesses T... 12296 API Management for the Software-Defined Network (S... 11061 Innovator Spotlight: Getty Images - New Revenue in... 12101 HTML5: The Apps, the Frameworks, the Controversy (... 12051 API Design Tour: Dell (video & slides) 11056 Innovator Spotlight: Cars.com - Using APIs to Dist... 11051 The New Three Tier Architecture: HTML5, Proxy... 11111 API Platform Update: OAuth performance improvement... 11046 From ETL to API – A Changed Landscape for Enterpri... 12291 Bringing the App Economy to Enterprise IT (video... 12531 Building a Native iOS App using Trigger.io and Api... 11036 Innovator Spotlight: mBlox - Building a Platform w... 12106 Applying Universal Design Principles to API Initia... 11041 Punk Rock and Web API Styles: Differentiate and Ac... 14751 The SDN Revolution: Creating the Programmable Data... 11106 API Platform Update: Trace Tool, Policy to Validat... 11016 Building Twitter with App Services and the JavaScr... 11026 Facebook's "Biggest Strategic Mistake... 11006 API Consoles Update: Improved Control Over Paramet... 11091 Twitter Drops XML - Data Transformations Pick Up S... 11431 JavaScript SDK: Building HTML5 Apps Just Got Easie... 10996 Cross-Origin Access Issues? An API Solution to an... 10986 Mobile Holiday Shoppers Warn Retailers 12536 From MySQL to NOSQL: A foray into building apps wi... 10976 Launching the next generation of the Apigee API Pl... 12286 Building a Mobile Data Platform with Cassandra - A... 12016 Innovator Spotlight: Infogroup Targeting Solutions 11761 OAuth 2.0: Don’t Throw the Baby Out with the Bathw... 13596 Innovator Spotlight: Walgreens - Putting an API Ar... 10991 Apigee Acquires InstaOps: Embracing the “Apps-Ever... 12111 OAuth 2.0: Don’t Throw the Baby Out with the Bathw... 11296 Innovator Spotlight: XO Group - APIs for Internal... 12116 Telco Innovation with APIs: Need for Speed (video... 12046 API Design: When to Buck the Trend 10981 Usergrid: Build Awesome Apps using API-Driven Back... 11306 Innovator Spotlight: Digital River - Extending... 11426 Usergrid now in Public Beta: Use it for Free Today... 10921 API Design Tour: Digital River - On Designing URIs... 11311 Innovator Spotlight: Bechtel - Improving Workforce... 10971 API Design Tour: Digital River - Powering a Global... 11251 Announcement: Free eBook on the API Facade Pattern 10926 BaaS: The Mobile Backend is now a Service 12126 API Design Tour: Digital River (video & slides... 11771 AngelHack: 5 Hackers, 5 Stages of Hackathon Psyche... 11776 Innovator Spotlight: Dell - On Using APIs to Provi... 11781 The Big Shift: From Integration & Messaging to... 10901 What's your API's Cachiness Factor? 12121 Skeuomorphs, Databases & Mobile Performance (v... 11321 Innovator Spotlight: AT&T - Using APIs to Help... 10836 Data as Currency & Dealmaker 12131 OData and Impact on API Design (video & slides... 10931 Why APIs? Anatomy of an Open API Initiative 10821 Why APIs? Anatomy of a Customer API Initiative 11316 Innovator Spotlight: NDS - APIs to Expand Brand an... 10816 Why APIs? Anatomy of a Partner API Initiative 10856 Why APIs? Anatomy of an Internal API Initiative 10936 Why APIs? Bridging the Gulf between IT and the App... 10916 Why APIs? On doing Business in the Full Context of... 11156 Innovator Spotlight: TradeKing - Using APIs to Del... 11416 Apigee on the Road - update for NYC Fashion Hack D... 12136 APIs and Copyrights: Monopolizing Ideas or Affordi... 11291 Innovator Spotlight: Innotas - APIs for Critical V... 11751 Big Broad Data: The role of Data APIs 11601 Innovator Spotlight: Pearson Plug & Play Platf... 10831 Big Broad Data: Increasing the signal to noise rat... 11161 Making the Shift from Big to Broad Data 12141 Big Data: Beyond the 'Bigness' & the... 10906 Big Broad Data: Beyond the "bigness" and... 12146 Mobile Apps 101: Key patterns you need to know (vi... 11021 X.commerce: A boldly open platform & OS for co... 12151 Scaling your API: Predict, Prepare for, Overcome C... 10946 API Strategy and "Niches": Are you missi... 12156 Why APIs? (video & slides) 12161 API Facade Pattern: Webinar shorts full series 10951 API Facade Pattern: Technology for orchestration,... 11166 We want to build better tools for API developers.... 10956 API Facade Pattern: Technology for versioning, fir... 10846 Six Design Patterns for Highly Successful Mobile A... 10851 April Fool's Hackathon London - Recap 10961 API Facade Design Pattern: Technology for set up 12166 HATEOAS 101: Introduction to a REST API Style (vid... 10966 Hiring great people to run your API program: Where... 12171 The API Facade Pattern: People 11611 API Facade Common Patterns: For internal & ext... 11621 API Facade Common Patterns: Versions & data fo... 11616 API Facade Common Patterns: Data stubs & URLs 11626 API Facade Common Patterns: Errors 12176 "APIs: A Strategy Guide" O'Reilly a... 11631 I need an API: Where do I start? 12181 The API Facade Pattern: Technology 13051 Announcement: Free eBook on Web API Design 12186 API Product Management: Driving Success through th... 12191 The API Facade: Common Patterns 11636 API Facade Design Pattern: A simple interface to a... 11641 API Facade Design Pattern: What is it & do I n... 11606 OAuth: The Big Picture - Free eBook 12196 The API Facade: Overview 11646 Insights from API data: The human factor 11651 Insights from API data: 360 degrees of visibility 11656 Insights from API data - visibility across the val... 12201 Visibility at the Edge - Deep Insights from your A... 11661 Unlocking business opportunity with APIs and mobil... 11666 Apigee v2 Console: Making learning APIs as simple... 11671 New Release - API Developer Tools 12241 APIs and the app economy - an explosion of innovat... 11676 User experience, data quality, and dealing with mi... 11681 Managing Big Data 10891 Dealing with malicious attacks 11171 Protecting users, apps, and APIs from abuse 12026 Data Analytics & APIs 11176 OAuth: Implementing OAuth 2.0 11686 OAuth: Is it worth the effort? 12206 The Anatomy of Apps 11691 OAuth: For server-to-server APIs? 11186 OAuth: Why it's good for API providers 11696 OAuth: Flow for mobile apps 11411 Armrest & REST API Design 11191 OAuth: The valet key metaphor 12211 HUGE: Running an API at Scale 12216 API Trends: What to expect in 2012 11181 RESTful API Design: API Virtualization 11701 RESTful API Design: complement with an SDK 11706 RESTful API Design: chatty APIs 11711 RESTful API Design: making requests 11716 RESTful API Design: how many versions? 11721 Usergrid is now part of Apigee 10841 Engage customers where they are - at the edge of y... 11786 RESTful API Design: authentication 12421 RESTful API Design: tips for handling exceptional... 11791 RESTful API Design: consolidate API requests in on... 11796 RESTful API Design: what about counts? 11801 RESTful API Design: tips for search 11806 RESTful API Design: what about responses that don... 11811 RESTful API Design: what about attribute names? 11816 RESTful API Design: support multiple formats 10861 RESTful API Design: can your API give developers j... 11756 RESTful API Design: version & format in URLs o... 11726 The SMSified REST API Explorer 12281 "Mobile APIs - Optimizing APIs for many devic... 10866 Yin and Yang of APIs and the Cloud - Part 2 11731 Video demo: New updates to the API Console 11736 RESTful API Design: tips for versioning 11741 RESTful API Design: what about errors? 10871 Yin and Yang of APIs and the Cloud 11746 RESTful API Design: simplify associations, sweep c... 10876 RESTful API Design: plural nouns and concrete name... 10881 RESTful API Design: nouns are good, verbs are bad 12276 "Bigger, Better Business with OAuth" API... 12271 OAuth: The next Big Thing in Security 10886 API Design: Are you a Pragmatist or a RESTafarian? 14711 "RESTful API Design: Second Edition" We... 14716 Amundsen's Dogs, Information Halos and APIs:... 10896 Caveat structor - Builder Beware: Twitter's A... 11821 REST API design for SQL programmers 11866 Why XML won't die: XML vs. JSON for your API 12261 Universal Design Principles Applied to APIs (Part... 11421 Crossing the Streams: Handling cross-site API req... 11826 Improvements to Apigee To-Go 11831 Not serving JSON AND JSONP? Then you're doing... 11836 Prevent "Top 25" software errors in your... 11406 Need API and developer adoption? Try a Hack Day! 11011 Why We Love the Zappos API: 3 Tips for API Design 11841 The Instapaper Dilemma: The Journey to an API Busi... 11871 Feb 23rd Open API Meetup: API Outlook for 2011 11846 This Week in APIs: What do you love, Valentine? (h... 11851 Two Ton API client: creating a generation of car... 12266 Your API Sucks: Why Developers Hang Up and How to... 11856 Partner or Open API strategy: Where should you sta... 11861 What the Netflix Button Means to Your Business Str... 14726 Darwin's Finches, 20th Century Business, and... 14731 API Business Models and Monetization Digital Business Apigee Is Now Part of Google Thank you customers and partners for our continued momentum Chet Kapoor Nov 10, 2016 Today, we announce that Google has completed the previously announced acquisition of Apigee. We are excited to accelerate our journey to connect the world through APIs as part of the Google team, and we look forward to serving you for many years to come. We're deeply grateful to the over 300 customers and our partners for contributing to our continued momentum. Last week we completed another excellent quarter at Apigee. Customers: Over the past few months we’ve added an array of new and expansion customers including Lego, Allstate, T-Mobile, Thomson Reuters, and Western Union, representing a broad range of deployment options including multi-cloud and on premises. Gartner: Gartner recently released the new Magic Quadrant for Full Life Cycle API Management, and we're very proud that Apigee is positioned in the leader quadrant by virtue of its placement on both “ability to execute” and “completeness of vision” axes. For the second consecutive year, we are positioned the furthest of any company for completeness of vision. We are particularly pleased with this recognition, as we believe it’s a reflection of the innovation and enthusiasm of our customers as much as it is of the work we've done to build our products and our business.   Adapt or Die: The last quarter was a particularly busy and productive one for our team around the Adapt or Die World Tour and movie. Hundreds of API technologists including our customers (Allstate, Mindbody, Pitney Bowes, McKesson, Thomson Reuters, and many more) and partners joined us at the first two stops on the tour in San Francisco and New York. We look forward to upcoming events in Chicago on November 17 and London and Sydney in February 2017. Product: Our engineering team continues to focus on a stellar user experience to enable developers. This quarter the team released a new Apigee Edge experience—a redesigned approach with several great enhancements for designing, developing, and publishing APIs using Edge. The trajectory of our product roadmap doesn’t change, including for cloud and on-premises, and capabilities such as auto scaling and security. To hear more about it, register for the roadmap webcast in December (U.S/Europe and APAC). Rarely do shareholder, customer, and employee interests converge in such a powerful way. We’ve been humbled to learn how each of these constituents is as eager as we are to see us execute on the amazing opportunity ahead—to continue and accelerate our journey to serve you as part of the Google team. Chet Kapoor Chet Kapoor ChetKapoor APIs, digital, Google, merger Trending Topics OAuth BaaS analytics API Monetization API Security I Love APIs SOA API Management API Management Decision-Making Kit Download the kit Next Steps Watch Demo   Follow Apigee   Resources Gallery See All eBooks News A stalwart of the early web, Shutterfly rebuilds with the future in mind At Goldman Sachs, APIs point the way toward a platform future How API adoption can boost annual profits Magazine Luiza sets out Marketplace stall with Apigee Read More News Contact Us   Watch Demo   API Platform Gateway Security Developer Portal Analytics Operations Platform Add Ons Pricing Community Answers Documentation Apigee Academy Developers Partners Events Resources Overview eBooks Webcasts Apigee Institute Apigee Academy Labs Company Overview Press Customers API Briefing Center Partners Team Investors Events Careers Contact Us Support Support Overview Documentation Community Status Privacy Policy Personalized Ads Terms & Conditions Edge Support Portal Related Content Performance Testing Tools API Technology Gartner Magic Quadrant Report API Security Management Application Lifecycle Management Tools Application Integration Services API vs. SOA Benefits of Internal APIs © 2016 Apigee Corp. All rights reserved.
Go Tuesday 15 November 2016 News Nigeria Africa World Metro US Election 2016 Giuliani up for secretary of state as Trump, Pence meet 46 mins ago  World Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Revisionism, history and defence of Jonathan 13 hours ago 8  Columnists Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Billionaire Warren Buffett invests in 3 big US airlines 9 hours ago  Aviation Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology NCC to sanction 13 telecom firms over unsolicited SMS 13 hours ago 1  Telecoms Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Guardiola's sex ban got best out of Messi says Nasri 3 hours ago  Football Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Samuel L Jackson joins Brie Larson's directorial debut 13 hours ago  Film Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Could dash of vinegar treat diseases? 11 hours ago  Natural Health More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Technology  |  Technology   Google rejects EU anti-trust charges over Android By AFP   |   10 November 2016   |   3:30 pm Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email A Google logo and Android statue are seen at the Googleplex in Menlo Park, California on November 4, 2016. / AFP PHOTO / JOSH EDELSONUS Internet giant Google on Thursday rejected EU allegations that it abused its market dominance of its hugely succesful Android mobile phone operating system. “Android hasn’t hurt competition, it’s expanded it,” said Kent Walker, senior vice president and general counsel of Google, said in a blog. Google was responding to a long rapsheet of charges involving Android that the EU filed in April. They include the claim that the firm used practices such as making manufacturers pre-install its market-leading search engine as the default in phones. “The response we filed today shows how the Android ecosytem carefully balances the interests of users, developers, hardware makers and mobile operators,” the blog said. Google’s response comes a week after the company rejected separate EU charges over online shopping and over its advertising services. The Android charges are seen as especially sensitive to one of Google’s most strategic businesses that could alter a global smartphone sector which is fast taking over traditional PC’s as the biggest segment in the world of computing. The EU in its charge sheet accused Google of obstructing innovation by giving unfair prominence to its own apps, especially its search engine, in deals with mobile manufacturers such as Samsung or Huawei. “No manufacturer is obliged to preload any Google apps on an Android phone,” Google insisted. Google is also accused of restricting manufacturers from installing rival versions of Android, an open source software operating system, on their phones. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: AndroideuGoogle You may also like Ingressive brings top investors to Lagos for Tour of Tech 10 Nov  Technology Samsung drug-making unit soars on market debut 10 Nov  Technology Facebook,Twitter contend with roles in Trump's victory 10 Nov  Technology Latest Giuliani up for secretary of state as Trump, Pence meet 50 mins ago  World Clamp down on BDCs forces forex transaction underground 54 mins ago  Nigeria Senate rejects 46 non-career ambassadorial nominees, approves others 1 hour ago 1  Nigeria Assange questioning in London ends after two days 2 hours ago  World Egypt court overturns Morsi death sentence 2 hours ago  World More   Communication Cyber threats: Nigeria’s aviation sector under scrutiny 4 days ago   ATCON asks FG to peg communications tax at 1% 4 days ago   NIBSS partners etisalat, others to unveil mCash payment solution 4 days ago 1   FG launches four special anti-corruption postage stamps 4 days ago 3   Calls to decentralize clearing circuits for improved QoS, reduced cost 4 days ago   Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro US Election 2016 Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2016 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $40 off RAVPower battery pack, $270 off 13-inch MacBook Pro,... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Google’s Daydream VR headset goes on sale with YouTube VR as its killer app By Christian Zibreg, Nov 10, 2016 Tweet 2 Comments Daydream, Google’s new Android-powered virtual reality platform, was announced at the company’s annual developer pilgrimage in May. Daydream View, Google’s first virtual reality headset, is now available for purchase from a number of retailers in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Germany and Australia for $79 apiece. Daydream is a reference platform from Google for virtual reality applications, smartphones, headsets and controller hardware. The headset, seen above, includes a Bluetooth controller that works in VR-optimized apps and games. The controller has a built-in touch surface, an orientation sensor for accurate motion control, built-in mic and a pair of physical buttons. The headset supports movement tracking, has no sensors and weights in at 7.76 ounces, or 220 grams. Both the headset and the controller are available in: United States: Google Store, Verizon, Best Buy; $79 (USD) Canada: Google Store, Bell, Rogers, Telus, Best Buy; $99 (CAD) United Kingdom: Google Store, EE, Carphone Warehouse; £69 (GBP) Germany: Google Store, Deutsche Telekom; €69 (EUR) Australia: Google Store, JB Hi-Fi; $119 (AUD); coming to Telstra on Nov. 22 Here are key Daydream View hifghlights: Simple, high-quality virtual reality—Daydream View is a headset and controller for experiencing high-quality, immersive virtual reality (VR). Simply place your Daydream-ready phone into the headset to get started. Next stop: everywhere—Don’t just see the world, experience it. Swim with a school of dolphins, take in the full majesty of the Taj Mahal, stand at the edge of a volcano – even explore the world’s most famous paintings in a virtual museum. With Daydream View, you can teleport from virtually anywhere to pretty much everywhere. A world of experiences—Browse from an ever-growing collection of apps and games in the Daydream app – a home for all of your virtual reality experiences. Your personal cinema—You can always get the best seat in the house with Daydream View. Experience concerts, sports and more in full 360° panoramic view. Get in the game—The Daydream View controller transforms with your imagination. Go from the sidelines to the center of action. Feel the adrenaline rush as you speed down the racetrack. Bowl a strike with a swing of your arm. Designed for comfort—Daydream View’s lightweight, durable headset is made of soft, breathable fabric to help you stay comfortable longer. With a hand-washable facepad, you’ll be able to keep the headset fresh and clean to share with your friends. Some of the VR apps and games available at launch include YouTube VR, Street View, Google Photos, Google Play Movies, Google Arts & Culture, Hulu VR, Invasion!, Star Chart VR, The Wall Street Journal VR and more. Many more VR-optimized apps/games will be hitting Daydream in the coming days and weeks. Check out YouTube VR, Daydream’s killer app. According to The Verge’s hands-on with YouTube VR, it’s a much better experience than watching 360-degree YouTube clips with Cardboard: I got to spend a week reviewing YouTube’s VR and I found a lot to love. It’s a big step up from the VR experience Google has been able to deliver so far with its Cardboard headsets. The hardware means immersive films look better and head tracking is more accurate. More importantly, the software interface for casual browsing is terrific. Hopping from one video to another no longer feels like a chore, and you can keep an eye on what’s playing in the background while cueing up your next bite of entertainment. YouTube VR certainly gives Daydream a bedrock to build on. The app supports environmental effects and floating controls and, when used with Daydream View, presents you with a screen much bigger than a household TV floating about ten feet in front of you. The Verge describes the effect as “powerful”: I watched a UFC fight, and while it wasn’t an immersive 360 experience, I definitely felt myself sink more deeply into the action, with my headset blocking out the world around me, and nothing but the moving image to occupy my attention. YouTube has added some subtle touches to reinforce the feeling of presence in a physical space. While the screen is magically floating above the ground, it casts a flickering light onto the floor, shifting in color and strength to match the picture. Designed with low-latency experience in mind, Daydream provides an interface designed for navigation in virtual reality, with a Home screen for launching apps and notification overlays when using a viewer. At Google I/O 2016, the firm claimed a lower than 20 milliseconds motion-to-photon latency for Daydream on the Nexus 6P running Developer Preview 3 of the software. Daydream requires a Daydream-ready phone with Android 7.0 Nougat, like Google’s own Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones. Daydream-ready phones from HTC, ZTE, Huawei, Asus, Xiaomi, Alcatel, LG and Samsung are coming soon. Source: Google Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Magic Leap has been awarded design patent for a Star Wars-like VR headset Google’s new app lets you capture three-dimensional panoramas on your iPhone and iPad Google Play Music gains redesigned interface and smarter, AI-driven recommendations AirPods production said to kick off in December Related Topics Accessories, Apple, Daydream, Daydream View, Google, Headset, News, Virtual Reality, VR Ariel Okhtenberg “Enjoy it with a Pixel” Welp not getting it then. Bugs Bunnay This is sick!   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Twitter unveils expanded Mute filter and a more direct way to report hateful conduct SSD in the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar can’t be upgraded A quick look at upcoming “TV” app on Apple TV Super Mario Run is coming to iPhone and iPad on December 15 WhatsApp rolls out end-to-end encrypted video calling   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Hot Deals Apps Mobiles Internet Laptops How-To Opinions Forum SKOAR Ask Digit Photos Videos Contests News Releases Subscribe Advertise Menu Top10 Reviews News & Launches In Depth Opinions Forum SKOAR Hot Deals Help Me Buy Mobiles Laptops Apps Internet Photos Videos Contests News Releases Buy Digit Subscribe Current/ past issue Advertise Ask Digit Search Searchclose  A क అ   हिंदी తెలుగు मराठी മലയാളം தமிழ் भोजपुरी বাংলা ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ অসমীয়া اردو Languages: Profile Login With X Digit Software Android Nougat reaches 0.3 percent share, while Lollipop continues to run on 34 percent devices Android Nougat reaches 0.3 percent share, while Lollipop continues to run on 34 percent devices Meanwhile, Android Marshmallow is currently running on almost 24 percent of smartphones By Karthekayan IyerKarthekayan Iyer Published Date 10 - Nov - 2016 | Last Updated 10 - Nov - 2016 Tweet   Lenovo Z2 Plus (Black, 64GB) 19999 Android 7.0 Nougat, the latest interation of Google's mobile operating system, has reached 0.3 percent market share on mobile devices. The major reason for the gain in market share for Nougat is Google's Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones. The 'Made by Google' devices are already surpassing Nexus 6P in terms of adoption, The company's previous flagship, which is also upgradable to Android Nougat. The latest flavour of Android is currently available on Pixel, Pixel XL, Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X and Pixel C tablet. LG and Huawei have also announced their latest flagships, V20 and Mate 9, which run on Android 7.0 Nougat.  Android fragmentation is the biggest issue with Google's mobile operating system. There are still devices out there running almost three generation old mobile operating system. Latest figures shows that Android 4.4 KitKat is still running on nearly 25.2 percent devices, while last year's Marshmallow has a 24 percent share. Android Lollipop has the maximum market share among all Android flavours and is running on more than 34 percent of devices. Google has recently taken measures to tackle the update cycles and fragmentation in Android. The company plans to bypass OEMs and carriers by using Android Extensions. It is also advocating to use USB Power Delivery Standards and not properieatry standards. With Motorola announcing Android Nougat update for Moto Z and Moto G4 series and Samsung also preparing Nougat update for its Galaxy S7 flagship , the market share of Nougat should increase further. Karthekayan Iyer  Karthekayan.Iyer@9dot9.in Other Popular Deals Lenovo Vibe K4 Note (Black,... Rs. 10999 Buy Now Moto G Plus, 4th Gen (Black, 16... Rs. 13499 Buy Now Interesting Galleries  First Look: Windows 10 Pro... 10 Reasons you should use the Microsoft Cloud Platform How to prepare for your Windows 10 update Windows 9: What we have seen so far Lenovo Z2 Plus (Black, 64GB) Lenovo Z2 Plus | 4GB RAM, 13MP Camera and get upto 15GB 3G/4G Data | Click to know more ​ advertisements Other Popular Deals Moto G Turbo (Black, 16GB) Rs. 9400 Buy Now advertisements Trending Microsoft Windows 10 getting virtual trackpad with new... Google November security update starts rolling out for... LG G5 starts receiving Android 7.0 Nougat update Microsoft is pulling the plug on Windows 7 and Windows 8 Biometric authentication and the way forward - a discussion... Windows 10 prices start at Rs. 7,999 in India Tips and Tricks to make the most out of VLC media player Windows 8 available in India, pricing starts at Rs. 699 Five new features Apple is introducing to iOS 10 Safeguard your work data Recent Microsoft Windows 10 updates to be about 35% smaller Microsoft Teams, Slack-like chat-based tool announced as... Norton pushes new software security solutions for India Your Mac will download macOS Sierra automatically starting... Google's cloud services to become 'Google Cloud', Google... Google Andromeda: Finally, the Android-Chrome OS merger? How to create mobile friendly website using Impress.ly Windows 10 Anniversary Update causing some PCs to freeze What is Google building its new OS, Fuchsia, for? Here's how you can still upgrade to Windows 10 for free advertisements Resource Center Check out the Latest Leeco News and featured articles By Leeco advertisements Contests IBM Watson Analytics Trial Try out the amazing IBM Watson Analytics...PARTICIPATE NOW Forum Discussion Firefox market share now at 20 percent 20 Percent discount on BSNL Broadband - For Govt / Ex. Govt employees only 63 percent mobile users in India face network issues while accessing Internet Final Fantasy XIII to Use Nearly 100 Percent of PS3 Power Vista's big problem: 92 percent of developers ignoring it Load page 1 ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE PRIVACY TERMS SITEMAP HTML Digit Digit caters to the largest community of tech buyers, users and enthusiasts in India. The all new Digit.in continues the legacy of Thinkdigit.com as one of the largest portals in India committed to technology users and buyers. Digit is also one of the most trusted names when it comes to technology reviews and buying advice and is home to the Digit Test Lab, India's most proficient center for testing and reviewing technology products. 9.9 MEDIA We are about leadership – the 9.9 kind! Building a leading media company out of India. And, grooming new leaders for this promising industry. Copyright © 2007-14 Nine Dot Nine Mediaworx Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Lenovo Z2 Plus (Black, 64 19,999/- Buy Now Coolpad Note 5 (Royal Gol 10,999/- Buy Now Philips AC4025 40 -Watt A 16,500/- Buy Now Apple iPhone 7 (128GB, Ro 64,888/- Buy Now
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Software Google kills Map Maker Software Google kills Map Maker By Sohil Nikam - Nov 10, 2016 Google is killing its standalone Map Maker tool which lets people add and update data, subject to review, on Google Maps and Google Earth. However, it’s not doing away with the platform entirely. Google plans to integrate Map Maker into the main Google Maps app. This makes sense to a large extent since it’ll be easier for people to make edits straight from one app on mobile and desktop. The former will stop functioning in March 2017. Furthermore, edits made on Google Maps will not be available for moderation on Map Maker from now onwards. This is meant to help the Map Maker team streamline their efforts and cut down on the time it takes for a change to go live. As per their forum post on the topic, the larger push towards finding a new home within Google Maps is meant to provide the best editing and moderating experience possible. The tool is also planning to roll out Map Maker features to the latter leading up to March 2017 and after. Also See: Google Pixel owners facing LTE connectivity issues Map Maker started out life back in 2008 as a way for Google to crowdsource information which wasn’t easily available like local businesses and roads, especially in rural areas. It started out has a small community which has now grown into millions of members worldwide. Those members are now being encouraged to join Google’s Local Guides program. The system gives out points and unlocks rewards for actively contributing information. It also gives participants early access to Google Map features. TAGS Google Google Map Maker Google Maps SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleRBI dismisses rumors of GPS tracking chip in Rs 2000 notes Next articleNougat-based CyanogenMod 14.1 starts rolling out Sohil Nikam RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR WhatsApp video calling goes official for Android, iOS, Windows AI-infused Google Play Music now recommends songs based on you activities Facebook Messenger’s Rooms feature lets you chat with strangers 246,412FansLike 13,714FollowersFollow 12,881SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Apple to launch SOS button for iPhone in India Bindu Nair - Nov 15, 2016 0 WhatsApp video calling goes official for Android, iOS, Windows Bindu Nair - Nov 15, 2016 0 Raising the Bar: High-Paying Tech Careers That Aren’t Going Anywhere Sohil Nikam - Nov 15, 2016 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google responds to the European Union’s formal investigation into Android +3,696 Quentyn Kennemer Nov 10th, 2016 After months and years of probing due to complaints from unnamed Android manufacturers, the European Commission has finally committed to a formal and full investigation into Google to see if they’re violating antitrust rules in Europe. The original issue the European Commission wanted to dig into was the supposed forced bundling of their Android apps with Android phones. Google has argued their point in the past, noting that their app bundling requirements are only made as part of a licensing agreement for OEMs to be able to use Google’s unique and proprietary services. If you just want to use Android without the Google flavor, anyone can do that at any time. That remains true and likely won’t ever change. But the Commission still wants to dig deeper to get a clearer idea of Google’s requirements for OEMs who want the full Android experience complete with Google Play. In response, Google posted a blog in which they reiterate why they take the measures they do to ensure Android remains a strong platform. Key talking points include the need to combat device fragmentation to ensure developers can create Android apps for any of the millions of phones out there without having to make different versions or go through endless testing procedures. Google also responded to claims that they force their partners to push Google apps above all else, and Google’s response has been that OEMs are just as free to include their own apps, and users are free to dismiss any apps they want to download their preferred alternatives over at Google Play. Google obviously feels strongly about their stance seeing as it hasn’t changed since the very first word of this antitrust investigation bubbled. Will the European Commission agree with all their points with the same confidence, though? That’s to be determined by the intricate agreement details uncovered in their investigation, so stay tuned for more on this ordeal coming out of that region. Head to Google’s blog to read their full response. local_offer    antitrust   European Commission   Google   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (1) stars Further Reading Free Daydream Views now available Pixel cases may cause camera issues Google Play Music gets smart redesign Project ARA Q&A The Verizon Pixel XL is delayed again stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vertDIY: Use Puffy Paint to protect the back of your Google Pixel closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 7 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 8 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 9 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 10 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Google says EU competition charge threatens free Android The EU says Google's requirements related to Android break competition law Credit: Bloomberg James Titcomb 10 November 2016 • 3:41pm Google has attacked an EU crackdown on its Android software, claiming that efforts to impede the mobile operating system could harm Google’s ability to compete with Apple and threaten its ability to give Android away for free. The internet giant rejected charges that it exploits Android’s dominance of the smartphone market to promote its lucrative search engine and app store, arguing that “Android hasn’t hurt competition, it’s expanded it.” The move is the latest episode in a bitter battle with Brussels that could ultimately see Google fined billions of dollars. While Google provides the Android software to phone manufacturers for free, those who want to install the popular Google Play app store must also include Google’s search app and its Chrome web browser. In practice, it means that these apps are installed on almost all Android phones in Europe. android eu After opening an antitrust investigation last year, European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager charged Google with breaking competition law in April, claiming this policy of “bundling” its apps together unfairly harms rivals. Google responded on Thursday by arguing that consumers have the choice to easily download different apps should they wish to do so, and that manufacturers are allowed to install rival apps as well as Google’s own. It contrasted this with the iPhone, pointing out that every one of the 39 apps pre-installed on the device are developed by Apple. Google claims that cracking down on Android would not promote competition but instead damage Google’s ability to compete with the iPhone and could mean people being forced to pay more for their phones if Google was forced to drop its lucrative bundling policy. It warned that Android's free nature could be threatened. "Distributing products like Google Search together with Google Play permits us to offer our entire suite for free — as opposed to, for example, charging upfront licensing fees,  said Google’s general counsel Ken Walker. Margrethe Vestager has charged Google on three counts Credit: EPA "This free distribution is an efficient solution for everyone — it lowers prices for phone makers and consumers, while still letting us sustain our substantial investment in Android and Play. The Commission’s approach would upset this balance, and send an unintended signal favouring closed over open platforms. "It would mean less innovation, less choice, less competition, and higher prices. That wouldn’t be just a bad outcome for us. It would be a bad outcome for developers, for phone makers and carriers, and, most critically, for consumers." Android is installed on the majority of smartphones around Europe but Google claimed that the software is in direct competition with Apple’s iOS, rejecting the characterisation of Android as a dominant platform. “To ignore competition with Apple is to miss the defining feature of today’s competitive smartphone landscape,” it said. The European Commission has the power to fine companies up to 10pc of their global revenue, or $7.5bn (£6bn). Google rejected two other charges, of abusing the dominance of its search engine and AdSense advertising business, last week. best android apps   Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Android Apps Google Internet Europe Show more Technology latest 15 Nov 2016, 5:31pm Yours for £249: Apple releases big book with 450 photos of its products 15 Nov 2016, 4:12pm Thousands of UK Government emails revealed in AdultFriendFinder hack 15 Nov 2016, 2:00pm Twitter to let users mute words in effort to battle harassment 15 Nov 2016, 10:54am WhatsApp has finally added video calling 15 Nov 2016, 9:57am Facebook and Google promise to cut off fake news websites from advertising 15 Nov 2016, 12:01am Bad battery life? Your phone's software updates may be to blame 00:40 14 Nov 2016, 5:49pm Who was Sir Frederick Banting and how did he discover that insulin could treat diabetes? 14 Nov 2016, 2:00pm Massive hack on sex hook-up website AdultFriendFinder exposes details of 5.2 million UK accounts 14 Nov 2016, 12:09pm Samsung buys $8bn car tech maker Harman in its biggest ever deal 14 Nov 2016, 11:59am What is Amazon Prime Video and how can I watch The Grand Tour? 14 Nov 2016, 11:01am Watch Dogs 2 review - Much improved hacker sequel makes a smart statement 4 14 Nov 2016, 7:00am Owlboy review - Gorgeous adventure ten years in the making sets the bar sky-high 5 01:19 14 Nov 2016, 6:00am The science behind how a touchscreen works 13 Nov 2016, 5:21pm Reddit's plan to tackle trolls and beat Facebook  13 Nov 2016, 3:36pm Comment: Brexit vote has not sparked a tech exodus James Titcomb Premium 13 Nov 2016, 10:57am How Japan's Line proved messaging apps can make money 12 Nov 2016, 8:02pm Powa Technologies payments investigated by administrators 12 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Row over delayed emergency services’ new radio system   12 Nov 2016, 7:11pm Telecoms rivals raise alarm on new network for emergency services  Premium 12 Nov 2016, 7:03pm Comment: Is the country that gave the world its first Industrial Revolution missing out on the spoils of Industry 4.0? Nazo Moosa Premium 11 Nov 2016, 11:58pm Facebook apologises for bug that prematurely announces users' demise If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Virtual Reality Review Google Daydream View Review by Sherri L. Smith Nov 10, 2016, 6:06 AM Google Daydream View The good Comfortable, stylish design Extremely affordable Controller accurate and intuitive The bad Not as visually sharp as competition Lacks integrated audio Verdict The Google Daydream offers style, comfort and a promising catalog of VR content at an aggressive price. 8/10 Totally worth it $79 Google Now this is more like it. After teasing us for the past few years with the namby-pamby Cardboard VR viewer, Google has created a virtual reality headset more suited to its reputation. The Daydream View has arrived with an aggressive $79 price tag, making it one of the more inexpensive ways to experience VR. Powered by one of our favorite phones of the year, Daydream Viewis the stylish VR headset we didn't know could happen. Thanks to a promising catalog of content avaiable for Google’s new headset, you should definitely make this dream your reality. Design Daydream View is like no VR headset you've ever seen. The body of the headset is covered with the light, breathable material that you'd find in your yoga pants or workout shirt. It gives the View a more relatable, familiar feel than the plastic Samsung Gear VR. Even with a little rubber G adorning the left side of the View, the material is more than a cool fashion choice:The headband attached to the headset is made of thick gray, elastic fabric. The removable plush, mesh faceplate keeps the sweat down for those of us perspire heavily. It can also be washed if it gets grimy with continued use. Credit: Jeremy Lips / Tom's Guide Similar to the Gear VR, your smartphone (in this case, a Google Pixel or Pixel XL, though ZTE’s Axon 7 also claims to be Daydream-ready) fits inside the front of the headset. However, instead of snapping your device into a pair of sturdy clasps as you would on the Gear VR, your phone is held in place by fastening a stretchy band over a small gray protrusion at the top of the View. The plush face mask rested gently against the top portion of my face with no pressure along the back of my head. I'm not going to lie: I was a little worried about the $769 Pixel XL slipping out of the its seemingly flimsy harness. However, after whipping my head around wildly to avoid a wet willie from my coworker, the Pixel XL remained safe and secure, which built up my confidence in Daydream View’s overall setup. The View's inner flap has another elastic band in the center to secure the handheld controller when it’s not in use. It's a good thing too, since I lost that peripheral not 5 minutes after setting it down. I found it eventually, after tearing my living room apart. Credit: Jeremy Lips / Tom's Guide Unlike the current Gear VR, which is only available in one color, the View can be purchased in Slate, Snow or Crimson (a.k.a. grey, white and red). Comfort Weighing 7.8 ounces, 6.6 x 4.2 x 3.7 inches is lighter and noticeably smaller than the Gear VR (12.2 ounces, 8.2 x 4.8 x 3.9 inches). Despite the smaller size, my spectacle-wearing colleagues reported that Google’s headset fit comfortably over their glasses. I comfortably wore the View for nearly 1.5 hours. The plush face mask rested gently against the top portion of my face with no pressure along the back of my head. Audio One day we'll get a mobile VR headset with an integrated sound system. But today is not that day. All the View's audio comes by way of the Pixel XL's bottom-mounted speakers or headphones plugged into the headphone jack or connected via Bluetooth. Field of View All Google will say about the Daydream View’s field of view is that it's more than 90 degrees, but did not disclose the refresh rate. The biggest difference I noticed between the Daydream and the Gear VR is motion blur, a fuzzy effect that occurs when you turn to look somewhere else in a virtual world. I noticed a lot of it while wearing the Daydream. The biggest difference I noticed between the Daydream and the Gear VR involved motion blur, which can occur when you turn to look somewhere else in a virtual world. The Gear VR had a negligible amount of blur when I turned my head, but I noticed a lot more wearing the Daydream. The FOV is on a par with the most recent iteration of the Gear VR, which offers a wide 101 degrees a 90Hz refresh rate. Neither headset compares with the PC-powered Oculus Rift and HTC Vive, which both have 110-degree field of views and 90Hz refresh rates. The biggest difference I noticed between the Daydream and the Gear VR involved motion blur, which can occur when you turn to look somewhere else in a virtual world. The Gear VR had a negligible amount of blur when I turned my head, but I noticed a lot more wearing the Daydream. The visual quality of Google's headset's is also slightly below the Gear VR, with more jagged graphics. Credit: Jeremy Lips / Tom's Guide Still, I can't say that the Daydream doesn't provide an immersive experience. I felt like some kind of godly observer as I orbited around the earth in the Star Chart VR app. I had to fight the inclination to reach out and cup the planet in my hands. Zooming in for a closer look however, revealed some muddy graphics as the phone tried to render my desired view. Still, experiencing the same scene in the Gear VR offered an overall sharper vista and smoother rendering. Setup When I launched the Daydream app for the first time, I was treated to a 360-degree view of a lovely valley at the foot of a majestic waterfall. Before starting my magical journey through the VR wonderland, I had to calibrate the headset and controller. The process takes about 4 to 5 minutes, and Google manages to work in a bit of  fun. In one instance, I used the controller as a flashlight to spot cute woodland creatures as they make their way through a nighttime forest. In another, I pressed the top button on the controller to choose a specific rock or log. From there, I lifted my chosen object to reveal desert critters including a few mice and a bug or two. Interface Google has employed a floating tile interface similar to what you'd find on Gear VR or even the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive. However, where the Oculus-powered headsets have gone for a fancy house backdrop and the Vive with a space motif, Google opts for a colorful nature motif. The home screen is located in that picturesque valley from the tutorial and has two rows of tiles. Credit: Jeremy Lips / Tom's Guide The larger top row is where Daydream's featured apps reside. Featured three at a time, a quick left swipe on the controller reveals the next two pages of software. The smaller row houses your recent apps. Icons for Google Play, Library and Settings float just below the larger tiles. Selecting the Play icon took me to a brightly-colored cave with more floating tiles. A large central tile cycled between recent apps. If that wasn't enough incentive to click something, the same four apps ran vertically down the main tile's left side. A left swipe revealed nine additional apps squares including one labeled Apps You Should Try, which takes you to Daydream's library of available apps. The Library menu displays all your purchased apps on a 5 x 3 grid. Selecting the Settings menu reveals a pair of clocks with the date along with Wi-Fi and battery indicators. Below that sit icons for to disable the Wi-Fi, recenter the headset and controller, mute audio and change the controller orientation from right to left. I noticed that if I left the Daydream idle for five minutes, I was forced to recenter. Controller Once you launch the Daydream on your phone, it connects to the View’s controller via Bluetooth. Weighing 1.6 ounces, the gray plastic controller is rounded on both ends and has a curved rear plate, perfect for cradling in an eager hand. According to Google, the peripheral should last up to 12 hours on a charge and takes about 2 hours to refill the battery. Credit: Jeremy Lips / Tom's Guide The large, circular indentation at the top of the controller functions as a touchpad of sorts, letting you navigate with a series of swipes or a quick press. Directly below is the Apps button, marked with a raised minus sign. When you're perusing Daydream Home, it'll take you to the Apps page. However, developers can configure the button as they please within apps or games. Lastly, there's the Home button, which repositions the headset and controller orientation to the center when held for two seconds. You'll find volume buttons along the right side of the device and a USB Type-C port for charging at the bottom. I'm curious how the controller would handle some of the more challenging fare on the Gear VR like Anshar Wars 2, Omega Agent and Smashing the Battle. After about five minutes of button mashing and groping, I got the hang of the controller. From there, it was time to jump into some games and apps. I started with Wonderglade's assortment of amusement-park-style minigames to get a feel for navigating with the touchpad-like top portion of the controller. To move from one game to the next, I simply slid my thumb across the controller’s surface in my intended direction and clicked the touchpad when I wanted to enter a new game. The touchpad was just as responsive during the top-down shooter Hunter's Gate. When I cued up Star View VR, the Apps button summoned a small menu of modes that I could select by hovering over my choice with the touchpad and clicking. Overall, I found the controller to be an efficient way to navigate through most of Daydream' available apps and games. However, I'm curious how the controller would handle some of the more challenging fare on the Gear VR like Anshar Wars 2, Omega Agent and Smashing the Battle, which rely on traditional Bluetooth game controllers. And it'd be nice if there was a way to use the Daydream View without the controller like the Gear VR. Apps, Games and Experiences My review unit of the Daydream View app catalog doesn't feature every app scheduled to launch with the headset. For example, the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find them game that I tried at Google’s preview event for the Daydream View was nowhere to be found, much to my disappointment. Still the three games, three educational apps, trio of multimedia offerings and a news app awere enough to give a baseline of what to expect from Daydream's catalog. Credit: Jeremy Lips / Tom's Guide In terms of games, you get the reasonably-paced, top-down shooter Hunter's Gate, the challenging puzzler Mekorama VR and the whimsical Wonderglade. The WSJ VR app transports you to a swanky apartment, complete with a fireplace so you can read the day's news and videos on a big screen or dive into the newspaper’s growing catalog of 360 video. The most compelling part of the app however, is the stock market tracker, which displays current stocks in a 3D polls of red and green. Google-branded apps include Street View VR, which allows you to travel to breathtaking locales such as the Taj Mahal, Galapagos Islands, Petra, Iceland and Brazil to name a few. Arts & Culture VR allows you to experience famous works of art by Monet and Van Gogh, complete with audio tour from the comfort of your living couch. Lastly, there's YouTube VR, which is already populated with a host of compelling 360-degree content including Edge of Space 360, Kevin LaSean's "Topless" music video and the ATMOS: 360 Sci-Fi Short film to help flesh out your VR experience. While fun and compelling in its own right, this early content still felt more like demos than full-fledged experiences. The YouTube VR app is currently the main attraction as it can deliver a variety of content into your VR cinema for free. But I'll have to see the promised Eve: GunJack 2, before I start heralding Google as the new king of mobile VR. Performance and Heat After about 15 minutes, the XL was noticeably warm, measuring about 110 on the device’s rear panel. It was so hot, I could feel the heat radiating slightly through that oh-so-breathable fabric. However, the phone felt much hotter when I touched its exposed sides due to the glass and metal chassis. Even after playing with the View for for 30 minutes straight, though, I didn't notice any lag from the XL's Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor. Battery Life When reviewed the Pixel XL, the smartphone lasted a whopping 10 hours and 34 minutes on our battery test. Google’s phone showed the same level of endurance when running virtual reality apps. After 2:15 of playing and watching VR content, the phone had 52 percent of battery life to spare despite its fiery exterior. Bottom Line Google is on the cusp of VR greatness with the Daydream View. Made from comfortable, breathable athleisure, the VR headset is more stylish than any head-mounted display has a right to be. The included controller is intuitive and offers agile, rather accurate motion. In terms of graphical fidelity, the Daydream VR almost rises to the level of the $99 Samsung Gear VR. With more than year and a half lead, the Gear VR has a deeper catalog of apps, better visuals and can work with or without a controller. Still, the $79 Google Daydream View is an exciting choice for consumers looking for a high-end mobile VR experience that isn't powered by Samsung or Oculus. 8/10 Quick Take Consumers searching for a higher-end VR experience that doesn’t involve Samsung should check out the reasonably-priced Google Daydream View $79 Google About the author Sherri L. Smith @misssmith11 Sherri L. Smith is a senior writer at Tom's Guide. When she's not reviewing the latest headphones, you'll find her conquering the Interwebs with a random proliferation of gifs or gaming on her Xbox One, PlayStation 4 or PC. Follow Sherri at @misssmith11. Read more Virtual Reality Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Virtual Reality/Augmented Reality forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish 1 comment Your comment kep55 Nov 10, 2016, 1:27 PM One little niggling thing never mentioned in ANY VR reviews is obvious to anyone who does not have 20-20 uncorrected vision. The VR is either a blurry mess or doesn't work at all. I found this out first hand at Disney World with their various 3D exhibits. The kit would not work thru my glasses and if I took off my glasses, I couldn't see squat. And now that I've gone legally blind in one eye.D / VR is useless. I wonder if the US ADA could be put into play? 0 Comment Firstname Submit 8/10 Totally worth it Verdict The Google Daydream offers style, comfort and a promising catalog of VR content at an aggressive price. $79 Google Also for virtual-reality Oculus Rift Headset 8/10 Totally worth it $599.00 Oculus Google Daydream View 8/10 Totally worth it $79 Google Zeiss One VR 5/10 Meh $129.00 Amazon The Latest On Tom’s Guide Review 34 mn Garmin Virb Ultra 30 Review: Worthy GoPro Challenger Review 1 hr GoPro Hero5 Black Review: Problems Solved News 2 hr Here's When Super Mario Run Hits the iPhone News 2 hr This New Smartwatch Runs on Body Heat Best Picks 2 hr Best Gaming Keyboards 2016 How-To 3 hr How to Donate to Charities with Apple Pay News 4 hr Courage: Apple's $300 Book Is Just Product Shots News 5 hr The Critics Have Spoken: Snapchat's Glasses Are a Hit News 5 hr Apple's Next Hit? An iPhone for Your Face News 18 hr Touch-Screen Mac 'Absurd?' Apple Says Yes News 18 hr The Worst Data Breaches of All Time News 20 hr Samsung Will Pay You to Use Samsung Pay Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2016 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Google Google to European commission: Android is key to mobile competition Android-maker dismisses accusations that Google abuses its market dominance to hinder competition Google dismisses European commission charges against Android over market abuse. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian Samuel Gibbs Thursday 10 November 2016 10.58 EST Last modified on Thursday 10 November 2016 15.08 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Google has dismissed the European commission’s charges that it abuses the market dominance of its Android operating system to prevent rivals from competing with alternative software and services. The EC filed charges in April that could carry a fine for Google of up to $7.4bn (£5.9bn), or 10% of its global revenue, and centre on what the commission saw as “unjustified restrictions and conditions” placed on smartphone and tablet makers, preventing them from choosing other, non-Google default search engines and browsers. Kent Walker, senior vice president and general counsel for Google, said: “Android hasn’t hurt competition, it’s expanded it. Android is the most flexible mobile platform out there, balancing the needs of thousands of manufacturers and operators, millions of app developers and more than a billion consumers. Upsetting this balance would raise prices, hamper innovation, reduce choice and limit competition.” In its response to the EC today, Google objects to several of the commission’s premises, including the view that Google’s Android does not compete with Apple’s iOS operating system that runs iPhones and iPads. Walker said: “The commission’s case is based on the idea that Android doesn’t compete with Apple’s iOS. We don’t see it that way. We don’t think Apple does either. Or phone makers. Or developers. Or users. “To ignore competition with Apple is to miss the defining feature of today’s competitive smartphone landscape.” The company claims that its agreements with smartphone makers, which insist that a suite of Google apps be pre-installed on devices with some positioned on the homescreen when a device is first started, allow Google to distribute Android for free and continue investing in the development of the platform. Industry watchers said Google’s prospects of making money from advertising could diminish if its apps were not pre-loaded on devices, despite users being free to delete many of them and replace all of them apps of their choosing. It also insists that its agreements are crucial to allow anyone to take Android and modify it to suit their requirements, but maintain a level of control on compatibility to help prevent so-called fragmentation, where one version is incompatible with another. Walker said: “Our voluntary compatibility agreements enable variety while giving developers confidence to create apps that run seamlessly across thousands of different phones and tablets. This balance stimulates competition between Android devices as well as between Android and Apple’s iPhone.” Google’s Play Store has more than 2.2m third-party apps available for download across 1,000s of devices, including apps from the search company’s chief rivals, Apple, Microsoft and Facebook, of which Facebook, Facebook Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp have been downloaded more than 1bn times. Commenting on the EC’s case, Daniel Castro, vice president of tech policy think tank ITIF said: “If Google instead only sold Google-made devices, it would … control all aspects of the operating system plus the apps it includes on Android devices. “This is exactly what companies like Apple and Blackberry have long done with their respective mobile operating systems, yet the practice is not considered anti-competitive for them.” The case against Android comes at a time when Google is also embroiled in a battle with the EC over its Shopping search engine feature and its AdSense text advertising service. Last week, Google dismissed the commission’s Shopping case with similar rhetoric, saying that its competition with Amazon should be taken into account. Europe v Google: how Android became a battleground More news Topics Google Android Alphabet Smartphones Tablet computers More… Software Europe European commission European Union Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content more on this story Good luck in making Google reveal its algorithm John Naughton Angela Merkel’s desire to make search-engine algorithms transparent is laudable, but controlling the power of Google et al will be more complex than that Published: 13 Nov 2016 Good luck in making Google reveal its algorithm Don’t let WhatsApp nudge you into sharing your data with Facebook John Naughton The popular messaging app built its reputation on putting users first. Now its corporate owners are looking for payback at our expense Published: 18 Sep 2016 Don’t let WhatsApp nudge you into sharing your data with Facebook Google Daydream View review: comfortable mobile VR headset with limited compatibility Headset for Android smartphones is Pixel-exclusive but kicks off firm’s play for premium, extended VR experiences with wand-style controller Published: 10 Nov 2016 Google Daydream View review: comfortable mobile VR headset with limited compatibility Google was barking up the wrong tree with its robot dogs John Naughton The search firm’s purchase of Boston Dynamics in 2013 seemed a bit out of character. And guess what? It was Published: 5 Jun 2016 Google was barking up the wrong tree with its robot dogs Make Google and Facebook pay for public service reporting Published: 8 Nov 2016 Make Google and Facebook pay for public service reporting If the Eurocrats don’t take on Google, no one will be able to stop it John Naughton Published: 24 Apr 2016 If the Eurocrats don’t take on Google, no one will be able to stop it Do you see Emperor Zuckerberg’s new clothes? John Naughton Published: 17 Apr 2016 Do you see Emperor Zuckerberg’s new clothes? More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Google Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy NEWS & ANALYSIS: Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal NEWS & ANALYSIS: Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race NEWS & ANALYSIS: 7nm SRAMs, 10nm SoC at ISSCC NEWS & ANALYSIS: 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced SPONSORED: Spend $3.14 at Arrow.com, get a FREE Raspberry Pi 3! News & Analysis Google's Mobile VR Still a Wild West Daydream both a delight and nightmare Rick Merritt 11/10/2016 09:00 AM EST Post a comment Login to Rate Tweet SAN JOSE, Calif. — I took an extended stroll through Daydream, Google’s low cost, consumer version of virtual reality, and found it by turns exhilarating, inspiring, disorienting and downright painful. What I saw told me VR is a digital Wild West still being settled. The new headset first announced in May presents both dangers and opportunities today, but I suspect it will be part of a wonderfully fun and useful platform eventually. Among my highlights, I Rode surfboards down massive waves alongside world champions Rose in a weather balloon to 100,000 feet above the Earth Watched a prehistoric fish come alive in London’s natural history museum Joined a luxury vacation over and under the Great Barrier Reef Stood in the African savannah while a herd of elephants approached Strolled the old city square in Sienna, Italy Climbed to the top of a giant tree in a nature preserve in Australia Walked through a lushly animated version of Van Gogh’s “Starry Night” All these experiences were in reasonably high quality, 360-degree images or video. Each one was created by producers from whom I’d welcome more content. Daydream consists of a Google Pixel phone, passive headset and simple controller. (All images: Google) Unfortunately, the valleys of my experiences were as deep as the peaks were high. I got a raging headache that lasted an hour after my first use of Daydream. I bear at least part of the fault. In the 30-minute session, I was so excited I clicked through many demos too quickly including several 360-degree photos that I craned my head left and right to view. In subsequent viewings I learned to move my head less, limit the amount of time on the device and not move so quickly between scenes or apps. I have not had any more headaches. The system itself has several shortcomings. As someone who wears glasses, I found I had a fairly narrow window of view to keep images crisply in focus. I typically had to adjust the headset multiple times in a 30-minute session to maintain a crisp focus. A bigger problem was that images seen in the headset tend to drift to the left or right as you move your head looking at stuff. Google provides guidance on how to grab and drag content back to center or reorient the screen using the small Daydream controller. It took me multiple sessions to get used to these tricks, and different apps use different techniques. In any case, this feels like something I should not have to do so often. I suspect the issue would be less persistent if Google improved the motion sensors in the controller. Next Page: Controlled by an inexpensive controller Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 4 Next > More Related Links AT&T: SIMs are Key to IoT Future 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced Where Are We with Thread IoT? China Signs IoT Interop Plan IoT: What NXP Has, What Qualcomm Lacks Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] Be the first to post a comment regarding this story. Most Recent Comments                 11/15/2016 12:33:35 PM DigitalEngineer Oh Max, godfather of all links, you might be right with your link. It was already late last night. Thought you meant the later article from Peggy, as David pointed out. Sorry... 11/15/2016 12:33:35 PM DigitalEngineer Oh Max, godfather of all links, you might be right with your link. It was already late last night. Thought you meant the later article from Peggy, as David pointed out. Sorry... 11/15/2016 12:30:25 PM david.grant@temposemi.com @Icovey Good point. 11/15/2016 12:25:42 PM anon7632755 While all of the writing about this acquisition mentions the automobile market, let's not forget that Harman has a significant professional audio business, with brands like JBL,... 11/15/2016 12:23:39 PM lcovey David, Siemens is a major US military contractor http://w3.usa.siemens.com/buildingtechnologies/us/en/federal/pages/federal.aspx   11/15/2016 12:23:24 PM Sang-Yun I agree. However, I wonder how many customers are willing to pay 5x more for the higher reliability.  11/15/2016 12:20:59 PM Sang-Yun Market must be sensitive to the cost. Certainly, the price of 3D XPoint will determine the market demands. In addition, functionalities, such as read latency and endurance, should... 11/15/2016 12:12:11 PM Some Guy Has anyone measured the fixed loss from this charger? The iPhone 4 shipped with the charger cube with the rounded corners and fold out electrical outlet prongs that... 11/15/2016 12:09:44 PM Some Guy iPhone 6 will handle up to 1.6A. The thing is the device you plug in to a USB charger won't take more than it can handle, and will charge faster with more amps *available* from... 11/15/2016 12:00:39 PM Lefty4 Nice article. One thing you are forgetting though is that 3D Xpoint is a lot more reliable than NAND. For that reason Xpoint SDDs will very popular for certain server applications... Navigate to Related Links AT&T: SIMs are Key to IoT Future 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced Where Are We with Thread IoT? China Signs IoT Interop Plan IoT: What NXP Has, What Qualcomm Lacks Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 65 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  62   Why, Windows 10, Why?  53   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  37   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  36   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  28   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  27   Robo-Car's Safety Challenges DoT  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  24   Another Tesla Crash, What It Teaches Us  11   Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal  8   Coating Stops Exploding Batteries  4   Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented  4   3D XPoint  Reality, Opportunity, and ...  3   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  3   Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy  3   Chip Veterans Scan Horizon Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Daydream Controller Teardown : Red Flags Chris Burns - Nov 10, 2016 2 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Our teardown of the Google Daydream controller shows how simple it is to control the virtual realm. What we expected was something similar to what the HTC Vive presents, in a slightly smaller form. What we’ve found is an interesting combination of chips, battery, and metal. While the outside might be fully ABS plastic in makeup, the internal structure has one piece of metal right where we did not expect it. The photos you’re about to see (above and below) have been sent to us by an expert device fiddler who also has early access to the Google Daydream headset and controller. All mentions of teardown methods and hardware breaking, etcetera, are based on our communication with him. As such, any replies to questions about this teardown may take longer than usual. The Google Daydream controller’s exterior is made up of two parts (not counting the buttons). The top panel must be removed from the bottom with care. Said removal will very likely result in a controller broken beyond repair – from a certain point of view. It’ll still function, but it wont look nearly as good as it once did. The top of this controller is glued to the bottom along the left and right edge of the back, meaning you’re going to need to do something drastic to begin. Heating up the back half of the controller could potentially work, but too much heat could result in the plastic being bent or misshapen. If the controller were ever offered for sale on its own, it would likely be more cost-effective in buying than trying to repair. The good news is that once any repairs have been made to the controllers insides, the back side can simply be kept in place with a piece of masking tap. Of course then it looks terrible, but it still works just as well. Carefully applied glue in the same place as was originally broken could potentially work, too. Once opened and a set of simple Philips-head screws are removed from the main board, another slug of glue denies us access to the battery. To move the lowest board in the controller, one must first carefully pick out the glue. This is difficult due to the board’s proximity to the sides of the controller. Once enough glue has been removed, the board can be wiggled back and forth until it is no longer held down by additional glue. Part 68SM4 is a power regulator unit – in this case, part of the USB-C port at the end of the larger chip. This is a power regulator chip. To move forward, one must remove the wire between the touch panel and top from the larger board at the bottom. This cord can be removed by pulling one single piece of black tape up and off, then an off-white clamp back (towards the blue). The wire will be able to be slid out easily. This battery has the code CA491539P, which means it was manufactured by Coslight. This battery has a normal capacity of 218-mAh, and discharge current: 0.2C. Dimensions given by Coslight are 4.6 x 15.2 x 37-mm, give or take 1-mm on any of the three measurements. This battery is lightly glued to the base of the controller, and a light tug at a couple of sides should allow it to break free. Also attached to the bottom of the controller is a piece of metal. This is almost certainly a weight put in place to allow the controller to have some heft. This might come as a surprise to anyone who has the controller in-hand, as it remains extremely light despite the added weight. It could also be that this metal is in place for future magnetic purposes – accessories, sensors, and the like. Again, you’ll see the back and of this controller’s bottom busted out because of our teardown method’s lack of finesse. If our teardown expert had guessed at a glue hold around the bottom back, more damage count have been avoided. Battery glue should remain sticky enough to be re-used to put the device back together again – there’s also a snug fit for the battery here, resulting in little worry of parts jumping out unexpectedly. You’ll also notice the volume buttons have been connected to the base’s bottom with a couple of pressed fasteners. Fixing the volume buttons would require these fasteners to be replaced as well, as they wont likely survive their own removal. As it is with most elements in this device, the cost of a new controller might be worth the hassle of replacing any one part. The bottom shows PC+ABS, which is a thermoplastic material – acrylonitrile butadiene styrene, AKA the same ABS plastic in most smartphones. There’s also a date in here for manufacturing: 20160906, or 2016, September, 6. Along the underside of the HSB J MV-6 board is a Dialog DA14881 power management chip. Many companies use this same company for power management chips, including Apple. Or, at least, they used to, as the last time iFixit found a Dialog chip inside an iPhone, it was the iPhone 6. Companies that make smartphones with Qualcomm processors often use Qualcomm (PMIXXXX code) power management chips. At the back of the touch panel is a chip with the code IQS525. This indicates that it is an IQS525-XXXX capacitive touch and proximity trackpad/touchscreen controller implementation for the IQS550 platform. This chip and technology come from Azoteq, and is part of the ProxSense collection. This touch panel technology works with low power proximity detection which Azotech says “allows extreme low power operation.” Azoteq has also suggested that this touch controller works with both 1-finger and 2-finger gestures – though the pad is so small, it’d be odd to use two fingers at once. This touch sensor has a 1280 x 768 max resolution. Unfortunately we’ve not come across any brand names that’ve allowed us to make a judgement call on the manufacturing group with which this was made. We knew about the Pixel phone being made in collaboration with HTC, but finding an HTC-made battery inside was like sprinkles on the cupcake. Now we’ve got no such confirmation from any party – so it’s been Google making this controller and headset in their garage as far as we know. This controller is available with the headset right this minute from Google. The Google Daydream controller cannot currently be purchased without the full Daydream headset package. The Daydream headset with the controller will cost users $80 straight from Google in the Google Store. It’ll also be available for purchase in physical locations with Verizon across the United States. Story Timeline How Google will bring Daydream to you Google Daydream Dev Kit first-impressions: Nexus Smooth Road to the next Nexus Android : HTC, Daydream, Tango, Valve Google Daydream Labs tackle virtual reality's social problems Google Daydream headset release date and pricing revealed You can now buy the Daydream View headset, Chromecast Ultra Google Daydream View worldwide release detailed Tags AndroidControllerDaydreamGame controllersgooglePhonesplasticsmartphoneTeardownvrVR headsets Must Read Bits & Bytes 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Google Sees EU Antitrust Threat to Giveaway Android Strategy Aoife White @aoifewhite101 More stories by Aoife White November 10, 2016 — 9:00 AM EST November 10, 2016 — 11:29 AM EST Open-source platforms could be threatened by EU antitrust case Google files formal response to EU objections sent in April Google’s strategy of giving away mobile-phone software will be at risk if European Union antitrust regulators order it to change distribution pacts with phone makers and telecom operators, one of the search-engine giant’s top lawyers said in a blog post on Thursday. Google is telling the EU that the Android operating system "hasn’t hurt competition" when it’s installed on phones and tablets for free and under strict conditions, Google General Counsel Kent Walker said in the blog. An EU assault on that model would "send an unintended signal favoring closed over open platforms" and undermine how the company tries to protect and promote its software. Exclusive insights in your inbox, from our technology reporters around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your daily briefing on the most important business stories of the day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets Everything you need to know about what’s moving markets, in your inbox daily. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits Travel with us, drive with us, eat with us – around the world. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Google filed its formal response Thursday to answer regulators’ charges that it wields its power as the world’s leading phone software supplier to impose its search and Web programs on billions of mobile users. The EU in April sent Google a formal antitrust complaint, accusing the company of striking restrictive contracts requiring phone makers to install Google apps and of paying telecom operators to put Google search on devices. Radical Changes The Android probe is one of three that Alphabet Inc.’s Google is fighting to avoid potentially huge fines and radical changes to the way it does business. The EU must now weigh Google’s responses to its allegations against Android and its comparison shopping and online advertising services before it weighs decisions that can fine a company as much 10 percent of yearly revenue. "Distributing products like Google Search together with Google Play permit us to offer our entire suite for free -- as opposed to, for example, charging upfront licensing fees," Walker said. "This free distribution is an efficient solution for everyone -- it lowers prices for phone makers and consumers, while still letting us sustain our substantial investment." Regulators underestimate the importance of Google’s efforts to create a common, consistent version of the software so that phones and apps are compatible, Walker said, rebutting a claim that the company unfairly prevents the creation of other versions of the software. Such fragmentation is a concern for developers who want programs to run seamlessly on all Android devices, he says. Pre-loaded Aps Google loads 11 apps, including its mapping and search services, on phones along with Android. Walker said these usually account for less than a third of pre-loaded apps and can be swiped away at any time. Google also contests the EU’s view that Android doesn’t compete directly with Apple Inc.’s software loaded only on Apple products. The European Commission received Google’s response and would carefully consider it before taking any decision on how to proceed with the investigation, said spokesman Ricardo Cardoso in an e-mail. Fairsearch, a group including TripAdvisor Inc. and Nokia Oyj, called on the EU to pursue the case to the end "and require Google to change its behavior so consumers can benefit from the resulting innovation emerging from a competitive marketplace for search, browsers, and everything else on a smart phone." It asked the EU in 2013 to investigate Android. Russia’s anti-monopoly office this month ordered Google to pay a 1 million-ruble ($15,400) fine for failing to fully comply with an earlier order to stop pre-installing its apps on Android mobile devices. The company was fined 438 million rubles in August for violating antitrust rules, following a complaint by Russian search engine Yandex NV. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now World’s Biggest Real Estate Frenzy Is Coming to a City Near You Populism Takes Over the World Trump Tech Meltdown Hits Fourth Day With Amazon Cut by $35 Billion Dirty Linen: A Bed Sheets Scandal Hits the Cotton Industry Don't Complain That the Polls Were Wrong Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Technology Google's Eric Schmidt: 'The math is that the American economy is doing well' Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 10:32 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Michael Nagle | Bloomberg | Getty Images Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Alphabet Inc., speaks during the New York Times DealBook conference in New York, U.S., on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2016. Despite political discord, the American economy is doing well, Alphabet Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt said Thursday. "I think the math is the American economy is doing well, and the unemployment situation is [going] well, and if you're confused on that, visit Europe," Schmidt said. Schmidt spoke from the DealBook Conference in New York City, hosted by CNBC anchor and New York Times columnist Andrew Ross Sorkin and the editors of the Times. The conference focuses on "playing for the long term" in a business environment that's shackled to quarterly returns and compressed news cycles. After an election cycle that stoked arguments over the shrinking middle class and widening inequality, Schmidt addressed the role that information played in the political process. "My conclusion is you have a couple of things going on. You have immense amounts of information coming to people but they don't feel they have the tools to address them," Google's former CEO said. "You also have the pervasive insecurity of their perception of an uncertain future." While unemployment has ticked steadily down since the recession, people have remained upset about the job market, Schmidt said. The solution, he said, is to foster entrepreneurship and use artificial intelligence and technology to broaden the scope of information that people receive. "How people get their information — what they read and what they don't — I think is a project for the next decade," Schmidt said. The mainstream media has faced broad-based criticism in the wake of Donald Trump's election, after polls indicated that Democrat Hillary Clinton would likely win by a comfortable margin. Schmidt said that amid data scientists, he's not sure what went wrong, but he pointed to issues with data collection. For instance, mobile phones and online polling haven't caught up with traditional landline polling, he said. "It's still a new science," Schmidt said. "There's awful lot of people that I know that are sitting there trying to figure out what was wrong with the models. … I'm sure there will be significant engineering thinking about this." But Schmidt said Google has taken its role in the political process seriously. He said it is possible for artificial intelligence to filter out bots, trolls, harassment and a rising flood of misinformation online. But artificial intelligence has faced backlash, both within the political process and the technology community. Tesla's Elon Musk, for instance, has warned that robots will become the workforce. "Manufacturing jobs are infinitely safer today because robots do the dangerous work. We take that for granted," Schmidt said. "Computers in manufacturing eliminated … the [tasks] that humans don't want to do. The jobs that are routine are going to be replaced by technology. ... Those same tools make an average person smarter." Over the past year, Google publicly set its sights on the artificial intelligence market. In its annual founder's letter, CEO Sundar Pichai set a vision for artificial intelligence that "can help us in everything from accomplishing our daily tasks and travels to eventually tackling even bigger challenges like climate change and cancer diagnosis." But to foster continued innovation in America, Schmidt said the tech sector's day-one ask of Trump is H1-B visa reform. Schmidt said Google has brilliant engineers who are languishing in condos in Canada waiting to get to work. When we kick out highly educated foreign engineers, "they go and build competitors to our companies," he said. Another high priority for the incoming government should be cybersecurity, Schmidt said. He said disclosures from WikiLeaks and insiders like former NSA analyst Edward Snowden will become ever easier. "An obvious thing that the next president should do is have a division that audits the security of the data of our citizens," Schmidt said. Given the focus on Cinton's email during the election, Schmidt emphasized the importance of two-factor authentication. "I strongly recommend that you don't use your own private email server. … I strongly recommend you use Gmail," he said. "There's going to be an ever-increasing set of problems for people who use just a password." Though Schmidt admitted to being on Clinton's "side," he said he was a fan of PayPal co-founder Peter Thiel, who openly supported Trump, despite backlash in the tech community. "I think he's a brilliant entrepreneur," Schmidt said. "I like him personally and I like a lot of things that he says, my personal view. And I think we want a culture where people can speak what they think. I admire what he did." Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. CNBC NEWSLETTERS Get the best of CNBC in your inbox Please choose a subscription Make It A daily email for dreamers, seekers and game changers. Breaking News CNBC's latest news headlines Morning Squawk Daily before the bell news roundup Evening Brief Daily recap of the day's top headlines Guest Alerts Guest information & reminders for your calendar Your Wealth Weekly advice on managing your money Options Action Insight from the Options Action panel Your Money Your Vote Everything you need to know about the coming election Job Industry Advertising/Marketing Automotive Communications/PR Construction/Manufacturing Education Finance/Banking/Insurance Legal Media/Entertainment Medical/Health Care Mining/Oil/Gas/Utilities Gov't/Non-Profit Real Estate Retail Technology/IT Transportation/Shipping Travel/Hospitality Other Please enter a valid email address Get these newsletters delivered to your inbox, and more info about about our products and service. Privacy Policy. Submit ▲
null
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand Google's VR Headset Is So Comfortable I Never Want to Take It Off Alex Cranz | Gizmodo MediaNov 10, 2016, 07.30 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit GoogleImage Credit All images: Alex Cranz/Gizmodo It isn't the games that really wow me when I slip on the Daydream View VR headset. It isn't the worlds that the Google Maps app allow me to visit. It isn't even the immediate sensation of wonder that VR still instills me. It's how comfortable the headset is. "It looks like wearing a sweatshirt on your face" my coworker coos, and I feel the sudden pressure of hands on the headset, gently stroking the soft jersey knit fabric that the headset is wrapped in. I'm rocking Google's first VR headset, the $80 Daydream View, and it doesn't just look like a sweatshirt on my face, it feels like one too. The best kind of sweatshirt. The comfy one you reach for when it's cold and rainy and you want to bundle up. The Daydream View accompanies the launch of Google's new VR platform for Android, Daydream. It's part of Google's big foray into VR, where it thinks the successes won't be with systems like the Vive or Playstation VR, but with mobile systems like the GearVR. Consequently Daydream is cheap, super user friendly, and requires nothing more than the VR headset and a powerful Android phone (phones powerful enough will be Daydream "approved"-currently only the Google Pixel is fully supported). The VR experience, and the Daydream app store, are virtually identical to the Samsung GearVR store. Which means the menus are all the same, the VR is still a little difficult to get into focus easily, the battery drains super fast, and the phone gets hot enough that you wouldn't want to put it in your pocket afterwards. I currently can't comment on the app selection, as there was little available beyond YouTube, Google Maps (which lets you wander through janky VR versions of popular landmarks), and two games. Google swears more content is promised, including over more 20 games, Netflix, HBO, and Hulu. With the VR experience nearly identical and app choices familiar, but spare, what's left is the headset itself-and it's unlike any other VR headset available. It's soft. Like pillow soft. Usually VR headsets are all hard plastic interspersed with bits of soft plastic to keep things from being uncomfortable. Yet the Daydream View is wrapped entirely in absorbent fabric. So it's comfortable to wear on your face for long periods of time, and you're less likely to be coated in a thin sheen of sweat like you're inevitably are with other headsets. But all that fabric means all GROSS. If your friend who loves her foundation tries it on, you can expect to sample that foundation yourself next time you put it on, and if your greasy dad soaks it through with his face oils and mansweat enjoy the new stains. As user friendly as the Daydream View is, it is not share friendly. Not unless you enjoy rubbing sweartshirts soaked in sweat all over your face. Which is a shame, because this is a great conversation piece and a dead simple VR solution. The more expensive PS VR is still the winner when it comes to games and long term support of entertainment, but Daydream VR is incredibly natural to use. The small remote that comes with the headset pairs easily, and with little fuss. It sits in the hand nicely, and is incredibly responsive. I've yet to give it to someone and not watch them quickly catch on. The Daydream View also has the neatest and most simple solution for controller storage. Just flip down the door where the phone goes and slip the controller into its little nook. You're immediately ready to travel with the device and not worry about loosing a key component. The headset has a NFC-chip hidden on the door where the controller resides when not in use. Lay the phone on it and it instantly knows its been placed in the headset and opens the Daydream app. This is a much sleeker and simpler solution than Samsung uses on the competing Gear VR-plugging the phone into a USB jack on the headset. Yet this simplicity means it doesn't look great. The phone disappears when in the Gear VR headset, but seems unnaturally wedged in when fitted into the Daydream View headset. It's the one really inelegant aspect of an otherwise extremely elegant system. There are far fewer bugs and hang ups with the Daydream system versus Samsung Gear VR and it has the potential to work with more devices. Gear VR requires you use a Samsung phone, Daydream, just requires that the phone be fast enough and have the appropriate NFC chip. Eight different manufacturers, including Samsung, already have phones in the works, with the Google Pixel just being the first. If you have a Pixel or are intending to buy a Daydream capable phone, then purchasing the $80 headset and controller feels like a no brainer. It's a small investment, which gets your into a cool new ecosystem Google has plans to support for some time, and it's a great way to dip your toes into the VR world. But if you're on an iOS device or have an older Android phone and zero plans to update then don't bother. Daydream is cool, but not worth either an OS switch or a smartphone upgrade. README Super soft and comfortable headset All fabric headset means it absorbs sweat and isn't easy to clean Can use any Daydream approved phone Simple set up A VR experience on a phone, which means not perfect. You will have difficulty focusing at first At $80 for the headset and controller it's the cheapest interactive VR solution FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: GoogleVRreviewsgoogle daydream view reviewDaydream Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryEscape Cruel Reality for Three Minutes With This Glorious Desert Night ... Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author Your Unsecure Devices Contributed to a Huge Rise in Internet Outages This Year The Next Big Thing In Filmmaking Has Come to YouTube Related stories Google is now inviting developers to create VR apps for Daydream Google Daydream Is So Cool, But VR Is Still Best Left in the Living Room Google’s VR headset is called Daydream View and its comfy Google’s Daydream View VR hitting stores worldwide on Nov 10 This Filmmaker Reviews Google Glass Using Google Glass Google Is Finally Selling VR Headsets Directly Personalized Recommendations Editor's Picks The XX Story: How this British Indie Pop Trio is bringing the electronic inside pop like nobody else How to transfer photos from an iPhone directly to a Flash Drive Xiaomi’s Mi Mix first impressions: Right out of Minority report Mi Sad: Xiaomi’s Mi Note 2 and Mi Mix not coming to India Addressing The Elephant In The Room: Is The Mi Note 2 Better Than The Galaxy Note 7? Mi Note 2 first impression: Xiaomi’s Galaxy Note 7, but better Hot Right Now Threat Detection CEO Suspended for Threatening to Kill Donald Trump Google Says It Plans to Pull Ads From Fake News Sites Vladimir Putin Congratulates Donald Trump Via Telegram 'Aspiring Weatherman' Allegedly Starts Forest Fire for Facebook Views 'I'm Part of the Problem': Partner at Peter Thiel Investment Firm Says He's Scared of Trump Google's VR Headset Is So Comfortable I Never Want to Take It Off We Are So Fucked Donald Trump Has His Own .Gov Site Now and Oh God It's All Real Trump's Troll Army Sets Its Sights on Europe Escape Cruel Reality for Three Minutes With This Glorious Desert Night Time Lapse Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social Nokia Android phone to release in Q1 2017, specs leaked This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask Blackberry's last, most powerful Android phones launched in India Google Pixel XL may be the best phone in the world and you don't know it AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: Mahesh Murthy to Share His Journey on Nov 16 Five Ways In Which Arnab Goswami Changed Indian Journalism The Little Known Side of Arnab Goswami #AdAgeUnicorns: KV Sridhar’s Most Celebrated Work Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Yu Yureka Plus - 16GB (Moondust Grey) ₹ 6499BUY13MP Cam, 2GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Grey) ₹ 5199BUY5" Screen, 4G VoLTE LG K10 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 12610BUY2GB RAM, 5.3" Screen About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2016. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footer We Tech-Geeks Welcome TechGeeks!!!! Enjoy unlimited access to tech news and tutorials. Home Technews Tools Reviews Tips and Tricks Windows Tutorials About Twitter Facebook RSS Feed ← Xiaomi announces Piston 3 Pro in-ear headphones for $22 Google’s Daydream View VR headset officially goes on sale → Daydream View review: A step in the right direction for mobile VR, but not a big one Nov 10 Posted by ishubhamsingh Google’s Daydream View serves as the gateway into Google’s mobile VR platform, Daydream. The viewer itself, though, is what has received the lion’s share of attention thus far, likely owing to our fascination with its genuinely charming design and unique wireless controller (well, unique-ish). It is, I wager, all but impossible not to love the fabric-wrapped, gentle curves and elegantly blended material aesthetic of the View headset. I hope Google wins some kind of award for it, because they deserve one – the Daydream View is Google industrial design at its most endearing. Read More Daydream View review: A step in the right direction for mobile VR, but not a big one was written by the awesome team at Android Police. from Android Police – Android News, Apps, Games, Phones, Tablets http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/11/10/daydream-view-review-step-right-direction-mobile-vr-not-big-one/ via Blogger http://wetechgeeks.blogspot.com/2016/11/daydream-view-review-step-in-right.html Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related About ishubhamsingh Hello TechGeeks!! I am Shubham Singh -a student,a mistakemaker,a learner,a TechGeek like you,who wants to share all that i know about softwares,cracks,keygens and general computer tweaks & tricks with you through this blog. View all posts by ishubhamsingh » Posted on November 10, 2016, in android, Android Police – Android News, apps, Games, Phones, tablets and tagged Android Police - Android News, apps, Blogger android, Games, IFTTT, Phones, tablets. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment. ← Xiaomi announces Piston 3 Pro in-ear headphones for $22 Google’s Daydream View VR headset officially goes on sale → Leave a comment Comments 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search for: Recent Comments Popular Posts Archives Tags Categories ishubhamsinghIt is safe inspite of being large... RobertOzonejust received automatic update last night (windows.imersivecontrolpanel_xxxxxx) now when phone power Michael LeungIs it safe? The battery volume is very large donmarkReblogged this on Donmarks.net and commented: whatsapp now lets you search all of your conversation francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. samsung galaxy s6 manualIf you feel your Android is a bit sluggish, you might find a new launcher helps speed things up a bi lincolnmohanLooking forward to getting this handset! Gordon GoreReblogged this on mobileconsumernz. Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch coming on Sept. 25 (55) Nokia rolls out Windows Phone 8 Amber update for Lumia smartphones (33) NOW BOOK RAILWAY TICKETS WITH IRCTC’S APPS FOR WINDOWS 8 AND WINDOWS PHONE 8 (6) VTU 3rd sem CSE/IS lab programs!!!! (4) Cell phone buying guide: Things to know when shopping for a cell phone (3) Samsung Announces colorful Galaxy Tab 3 kids for children (3) HP EliteBook Revolve 810 :Review (2) ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT WILL BE RELEASED IN OCTOBER: NESTLE (2) APPLE IOS 7 GUIDE: HOW TO DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL ON YOUR IPHONE, IPAD OR IPOD TOUCH (2) OnePlus 2 will feature a big 3300mAh battery (2) November 2016 (549) October 2016 (1192) September 2016 (948) August 2016 (1273) July 2016 (904) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (838) February 2016 (276) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (261) September 2015 (1056) August 2015 (986) July 2015 (849) June 2015 (890) May 2015 (1041) April 2015 (58) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) January 2014 (9) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (3) android Android Authority Android News Android Police - Android News apple apps Blogger Blogger android Blogger Android Police - Android News Blogger and Updates Blogger devekopment Blogger feature Blogger IFTTT Blogger microsoft Blogger news Blogger reviews Blogger tutorials Blogger WMPoweruser feature Games Google highlights IFTTT MakeUseOf microsoft mobile reviews MSPoweruser news Phones port reviews Rumours samsung tablet reviews tablets TalkAndroid tutorial ubuntu Web Upd8 - Ubuntu / Linux blog Windows Windows 8 windows 8.1 windows 10 windows phone WMPoweruser app (1) Google android device manager (1) anti-theft (1) smartphone security (1) google glass features (1) google glass promo (1) Google glass (1) HP elitebook revolve 810 (1) elitebook revolve reviews (1) elitebook revolve specifications (1) Truecaller (1) truecaller fb app (1) marissa mayer (1) rocketmelt (1) safe identity (1) online security (1) anonymous online (1) htc india (1) htc one dual sim specifications (1) HTC one dual sim (1) samsung galaxy tab 3(8 inch) (1) galaxy tab 3 feature (1) galaxy tab 3 review (1) sony vaio pro 13 (1) sony ultrabooks (1) sony vaio pro 13 reviews (1) sony vaio pro 13 features (1) sony vaio pro 13 price (1) nokia asha 501 reviews (1) nokia asha 501 price (1) nokia asha 501 specifications (1) facebook hashtags (1) hashtags handling (1) smartphone buying guide (1) phone features description (1) cellphone buying guide (1) superspeed usb (1) high speed usb (1) usb 3.1 (1) Google music search service (1) Google india (1) Raring Ringtail (1) 10 Things to do (1) ubuntu 13.04 (1) repacked (1) Stardock Start 8 1.16 Full Reapck (1) Start8 1.16 (1) stardock (1) ccleaner professional edition (1) Ccleaner 4.03.4151 with crack (1) Ccleaner free download (1) ccleaner business edition (1) Freebie (1) All version crack (1) Licence key (1) Free (1) WinX HD video converter 4.0 with licence (1) HD video converter (1) bluestacks (1) android emulator (1) android on pc (1) recover files (1) keygen (1) flash drive virus (1) Virus (1) Shorcut files recover (1) remove virus (1) shortcut virus (1) Malwarebytes (1) windows store (1) upgrade (1) windows bleu (1) preview (1) powershell (1) command-line (1) applist (1) software list (1) default (1) namo phablet reviews (1) smart namo smartphone (1) smart namo phablet (1) narendra modi phablet (1) htc one play edition 4.3 update (1) galaxy s4 android 4.3 update (1) Android 4.3 devices (1) 4.3 update (1) Moto x design (1) Moto x review (1) Moto x price (1) Moto x specifications (1) WideUpdates.Com (1) hindi language support (1) hindi (1) hindi handwriting input (1) translate (1) firefox metro (1) firefox 26 (1) browsers (1) mozilla (1) skype HD video call (1) skype update for ios (1) skype 4.10 (1) lock screen lock screen (1) lock screen (1) enable slideshow (1) Galaxy s4 air gesture (1) android air gesture (1) air gesture control (1) samsung galaxy tab for kids (1) Galaxy tab 3 kids version.tablet for kids (1) HTC sense 5.5 (1) new htc (1) HTC leaks (1) HTC One Max (1) HTC news (1) android 4.3 (1) 8.1 skinpack (1) windows7 (1) windows 8.1 theme (1) ios 7 skinpack (1) ios7 theme (1) s7 (1) acer aspire s7-392 (1) acer aspire s7 (1) Acer (1) aspire (1) acer ultrabook (1) micromax a240 (1) news.reviews (1) micromax canvas doodle 2 review (1) doodle 2 (1) micromax csanvas doodle 2 feature (1) get your imagination bigger (1) doodle 2 teaser (1) canvas doodle2 (1) shahzam 4.0 (1) android apps (1) music apps (1) shahzam encore (1) shahzam update (1) computer science engineering (1) infix (1) cse (1) 3rd sem vtu prog (1) engineering (1) c programs (1) lab programs (1) VTU (1) ise (1) queue prog (1) postfix (1) 3rd sem (1) Microsoft buys nokia (1) 7.2 billion dollars (1) nokia sold (1) android 4.4 features (1) Android next (1) samsung smartwatch (1) galaxy gear features (1) samsung galaxy gear (1) smartwatch (1) android watch (1) galaxy gaer specs (1) iphone 5s 64-bit (1) Apple A7 (1) 64-Bit architecture (1) A7 chip (1) apple 64-bit (1) A7 chip 64-bit (1) dell venue (1) dell (1) dell tablets (1) dell 8.1 tablets (1) windows 8 railway app (1) Railway official app (1) irctc official app (1) IRCTC (1) IRCT windows 8 app (1) Indian railways (1) latest memory card (1) fastest memory card (1) sandisk (1) Sandisk Extreme Pro Cfast 2.0 (1) 450mb/s (1) 120GB memory card (1) SanDisk Cfast 2.0 (1) HP.hewlett-packard (1) leap motion (1) air gesture control pc (1) android launch (1) apple ios 7 guide (1) iphone upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade guide (1) narendra modi game (1) modi run game (1) play store (1) narendra modi (1) new generation sidebar (1) modern sidebar (1) modern ui(metro) sidebar (1) metrosidebar (1) windows 8.1 pre-orders (1) logitech gamepad for iphone (1) gamepad for iPhone (1) Logitech (1) game controller support in iOS 7 (1) SquareEnix (1) Google Play vending machines (1) tokyo (1) japan (1) Android game vending machines (1) GungHo (1) Bittorrent chat (1) server less message client (1) bittorrent (1) bittorrent secure messaging app (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 price in India (1) Celkon Mobiles (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 (1) Celkon (1) AR Rehman (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 specifications (1) surface 2 first look (1) surface 2 intro (1) surface 2 first impression (1) surface pro 2 (1) surface pro 2 specs (1) microsoft surface pro 2 (1) windows 8.1 tablet (1) surface pro 2 hands on (1) surface pro 2 price (1) Import photos to Dropbox (1) Dropbox for Mac (1) dropbox (1) iPhoto (1) Dropobox update (1) Dropbox adds screenshot uploader (1) galaxy round (1) curved display (1) samsung galaxy round (1) announced (1) yahoo mail 1TB storage (1) new yahoo mail UI (1) yahoo mail updated (1) mail (1) android land (1) noida (1) bangalore (1) spice (1) kormangala (1) android land india (1) samsung galaxy j launch (1) galaxy (1) samsung galaxy j (1) official launch (1) ntt docomo (1) google maps multiple destination (1) google maps upcoming events (1) google maps updated (1) Google maps beta (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx price (1) Datawind (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx (1) ubuntu release (1) linux (1) ubuntu 13.10 final (1) 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 download (1) windows 8.1 upgrade (1) flipboard (1) Flipboard for windows (1) store (1) magazine app (1) ussd (1) ADR (1) Facebook India (1) politician's background (1) politics (1) Know Your Neta (1) Facebook USSD (1) gaming console (1) sell (1) ps4 (1) xbox one (1) xbox (1) nullsoft (1) media player (1) aol (1) winamp shutdown (1) rip winamp (1) winamp (1) windowsphone app (1) windowsphone (1) telegram for windows (1) telegram (1) telegram IM (1) IM app (1) mobile phones (1) evleaks (1) custom android UI (1) nokia's android (1) leak (1) 1520v (1) mwc 2014 (1) lumia 1525 (1) lumia 1820 (1) lumia (1) upcoming lumia smartphones (1) wp group (1) micromax russia (1) micromax (1) eddy (1) eddy tablet for kids (1) metis eddy tablet.kids tablet (1) display size (1) iphone 6 (1) report (1) vaio flipvaio india (1) sony (1) sony vaio flip hybrid (1) moto g india launch (1) announcement (1) motorola (1) moto g (1) moto g specs (1) moto g features (1) xolo Q7005 Launched (1) Xolo Q7005 Specs (1) xolo Q7005 (1) xolo (1) xolo Q7005 features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i (1) Karbonn titanium S5i specs (1) karbonn (1) Karbonn titanium S5i price (1) windows phone 8.1 beta sdk (1) windows phone 8.1 features (1) windows phone 8.1 (1) Nokia x (1) nokia x rooted (1) nokia x gapps (1) lollipop (1) oneplusone (1) release (1) oxygen os (1) oneplus (1) cyanogenmod 12 (1) technical preview (1) leaks (1) appgap (1) phone2pc (1) universal apps (1) spotlight (1) astoria (1) micflip (1) reversible micro-usb (1) reversible usb (1) usb c-type (1) codec (1) guide (1) hevc (1) howto (1) video codec (1) yahoo (2) online privacy (2) samsung tablets (2) facebook (2) full (2) 8 (2) System (2) windows8.1 (2) skinpack (2) android 4.4 KitKat (2) android 4.4 (2) android kitkat (2) iphone 5s (2) Iphone (2) windows 8.1 tablets (2) windows phone 8 (2) ios 7 (2) windows 8.1 release (2) windows 8.1 final (2) surface 2 (2) Nokia (2) nokia normandy (2) rumour (2) microsoft edge (2) project spartan (2) continuum (2) Uncategorized (3) tips and tricks (3) tablet reviews (3) Utilities (3) Windows 7 (3) Google (3) samsung (3) apple (3) normandy (3) highlights (3) devekopment (3) pc and laptop reviews (4) Windows 8 (4) windows8 (4) mobile reviews (5) tutorials (5) ubuntu (5) port (5) MakeUseOf (6) tutorial (7) tools (8) windows 8.1 (9) feature (9) Windows (13) reviews (14) windows 10 (14) MSPoweruser (40) news (62) Web Upd8 – Ubuntu / Linux blog (185) IFTTT (192) TalkAndroid (712) Android Police – Android News (1,460) WMPoweruser (1,688) windows phone (1,715) microsoft (1,736) and Updates (1,965) Android News (1,965) Rumours (1,965) Android Police – Android News (2,087) Android Authority (3,100) Games (3,547) Phones (3,547) apps (3,548) tablets (3,550) android (9,326) Recent Posts Galaxy A7 (2017) reportedly coming with a 16-megapixel selfie shooter November 15, 2016 Deal: Amazon Prime one-year subscription, £59 for the next three days (UK) November 15, 2016 Twitter announces muting keywords, prhases, and conversations in notifications, as well as new reporting functionality November 15, 2016 Google sending out codes for free Daydream View to Pixel pre-order customers November 15, 2016 T-Mobile grows strong in Q3, but AT&T and Verizon are on top of the heap November 15, 2016 Like us on FB Like us on FB Blog Stats 73,991 hits Follow We Tech-Geeks on WordPress.com Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology Pixel Technology Google Daydream View: Release date, UK price and features of Google's new virtual reality headset Google's virtual reality headset is released in the UK this week - here's everything you need to know about it  Share  Comments ByJeff Parsons 15:30, 11 NOV 2016 Updated15:31, 11 NOV 2016 Technology Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextIs an 'e-bike' an investment worth making? Check Watch this video again Watch Next WhatsApp finally launches the feature EVERYONE wa0:22 Futuristic robot suitcase moves on its own and fo0:59 The Nintendo Classic mini2:54 How to be Super Dad with Samsung Gear S31:56 Incredible crime-fighting invention stops speedin0:41 Necromancer in Diablo III confirmed in dramatic n1:21 China launch what they claim to be first generati0:50 How the world's first 'bionic eye forthe blind' w1:04 FIRST LOOK at Uber's revamped app with the abilit0:37 Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Google has had a virtual reality headset on the market for a few years - but it's basically a £13 piece of cardboard. But this week the company is launching its brand new Daydream View VR that was announced in October alongside the Pixel smartphone. The headset runs on Google's Daydream platform that was announced back at the I/O developer's conference in the summer. So far, it's only compatible with headsets running Android 7 Nougat which - for the moment - is the Pixel and only the Pixel. Read More Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Specs, features, price and release date of Google's new Android smartphones Release date Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextExclusive: Hands-on review with Google Pixel Watch this video again Watch Next Google announces Daydream VR headset - and it wil4:21 Everything you need to know about Google's new sm1:21 These are the most commonly search questions abou0:47 This is why there's so much confusion as to when 0:32 Google takes on Skype with Duo, a new way to vide0:45 Something VERY peculiar happens when you ask Goog0:49 Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next The Google Daydream View headset will go on sale on November 10. It will be available directly from the Google online store as well as from Carphone Warehouse and EE. Price The Daydream View headset will set you back £69. It'll be available in three different colours: Crimson, slate and snow. If you want to buy the Pixel smartphone to go with it, you're looking at £599 for the standard 32GB Pixel or £719 for the 5.5-inch Pixel XL. Features The Daydream View headset is leaps and bounds ahead of Google Cardboard in terms of fit and comfort. It's closer to Samsung's Gear VR headset than the HTC Vive or Oculus Rift in that it still requires a smartphone to work. But rather than being made out of plastic, it's crafted from fabric more akin to sportswear. Google says the Daydream View is 30% lighter than similar headsets and it can even be washed to keep it clean. The Daydream View headset comes with a small remote control that works a bit like the remote sticks for the Nintendo Wii. It tracks motion control and can be used for navigation and gameplay. Inside the remote are sensors that respond to the way you move. Google says it's so precise you can even write with it. Compatible phones The Google Pixel phone is displayed during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco (Photo: REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach) The Daydream virtual reality platform is built directly into the Android 7 OS rather than just being an app in the same way as Google Cardboard is. At the moment, the only phones running Android Nougat is the Pixel and Pixel XL. However, Google says that the number of Daydream-ready phones will increase in 2017. The company is keeping an updated list of compatible phones here. Games and content There will be quite a few apps that work with the Daydream View headset once the developers really get up and running with it. Google first announced the platform at its I/O developer conference back in May so we've got a decent line-up to begin with. Google's own stable of apps, including YouTube and Street View have already been configured to work with the platform, and you can use the remote to work your way through the apps. One of the big third-party "experiences" is the VR tie-in with JK Rowling's Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Find out how we got on with the non-Potter Potter experience in our review. Outside of strict virtual reality, Netflix and Google Play Movies will work with the headset and allow you to watch standard 2D content on a big screen in front of your eyes. poll loading Has virtual reality finally become cool? 0+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO Read More Google Pixel launch Google Pixel Review Pixel and Pixel XL specs, price, rumours How much do Google Pixel phones cost? Google Pixel on UK sale Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus How much storage on Google Pixel phone? Google Pixel vs OnePlus 3 Google Pixel latest news Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Google Android Apps Pixel tech all Most Read Most Recent TechnologyWhatsApp finally launches the feature EVERYONE wants - and it has consequences for Facebook, Google and Apple Video calling has finally been made available on the platform, putting it into competition with Messenger, Duo and FaceTime NintendoNintendo Classic Mini NES sells out in days as gamers rush to buy cheap and cheerful retro console Dodgy Amazon sellers have been jacking up the prices to try and cash in on demand NintendoNintendo Mini NES Classic Edition: Release date, price, games and how to pre-order Mario's nostalgic new console Nintendo is going back to the glory days with this brand new version of the classic NES console - here's everything you need to know about it CGIJohn Lewis Christmas advert 2016: Experts reveal technical wizardry behind nation's favourite commercial Creating a photo-realistic boxer dog and making him bounce on a trampoline is just as tricky as you'd expect SmartphonesMirror Online has a new look - this is what we've changed Mirror.co.uk has switched to a fully responsive design, to give you the best experience whatever the size of your screen Which?Are phone and tablet software updates 'sapping' your battery life and storage space? Consumer watchdog Which? claims the major annual changes can hit phone and tablet storage too, after reports Microsoft's Windows 10 upgrade crashed or froze some devices GoogleSundar Pichai keynote LIVE: Watch Google boss reveal his latest plans for investment in the UK Sundar Pichai will speak at the company's new office in London, King's Cross at 6pm tonight AppleApple's next product could be a pair of Google Glass-style augmented reality specs Can Apple succeed where Google failed? The company is believed to be working on a new kind of wearable device TechnologyTwitter strikes back against internet trolls with new 'mute' and 'report abuse' tools New tools are designed to give users more power to defend themselves against online abuse SupermoonLeonid Meteor Shower 2016 - When is it, how to watch in UK and more dates of astronomical events including Jupiter next to the moon This weekend the red planet will be visible next to the crescent moon but astronomers and stargazers will have plenty more to see above the UK in November - including the biggest supermoon in 70 years Most Read Most Recent World newsLost Vincent van Gogh sketchbook contains 65 drawings from artist's 'most important years' The sketchbook - which is set to be published today - contains drawings from his most significant period while he was living in France TV NewsDanniella Westbrook confesses to new overdose and drugs relapse as viewers are shocked at her appearance The mum-of-two told This Morning that she took pills when she overdosed and "didn't think about" what effect it would have on her kids TV NewsI'm a Celebrity jungle on lockdown as EIGHT deadly spiders found inside the camp Eight Funnel Web spiders, which can kill in just 15 minutes, were discovered in the jungle camp Row ZedConor McGregor embarrasses girl on Instagram, so she immediately returns the favour After his win over Eddie Alvarez, The Notorious was in a playful mood - unfortunately for one fan UK NewsPolice hunting for missing RAF serviceman Corrie McKeague close one lane of busy road in search bid A mile and a half stretch of the eastbound A14 in Suffolk was shut today as search teams combed for clues about the gunner's disappearance Columbia UniversityIvy League sports dealt another blow as New York's Columbia University suspends men's wrestling team over 'racist, homophobic' texts The men's wrestling team at Columbia University is being investigated for the content of messages sent between team-mates Premier League relegationIs the Premier League the most competitive in the world? Top-flight compared to divisions in Europe It appears a number of leagues have just a couple of good sides - but how close do English sides finish compared to those on the continent? ToysMum creates her own 'natural-looking' doll range after blasting 'unrealistic' Bratz and Barbie toys Emma Cayley, a mum of two, created Devon Rescue Dolls using recycled dolls and gives them realistic eyebrows, smaller eyes and thinner and smaller mouths Justin BieberJustin Bieber takes SIX girl fans back to his room after gig in Czech Republic A casting call on social media asked for "eight pretty girls for a dinner and party with Justin B" Planet EarthPlanet Earth II music revealed! Composer is maestro behind Inception and Gladiator The music for the series was composed by musical maestro Hans Zimmer Top Stories SkincareEczema sufferer who felt like 'monster' after quitting cream addiction finally has clear skin Mum-of-two Melanie Lynch has revealed "living hell" she went through going cold turkey with the steroid treatment which make her skin burn and ooze UK NewsTeenager killed himself after being tortured by 'fake Facebook girlfriend who he broke up with', inquest told Mitchell Bowie was found dead at the age of 18 by his devastated brother and family believe social media girlfriend 'told him to do it' FamilyWhy you should NEVER feed your baby water - and how it could be fatal if you do There are plenty of warnings and advice about giving your baby water. Here's what you need to know UK NewsFabric nightclub ecstasy death teen hallucinated and 'mumbled "Daniel Sturridge" moments before cardiac arrest' One pal told the court: "Fabric was always known to us as the club to go to in London if you wanted to take ecstasy, because of the music and feedback from other people" CarsChinese vase bought for £10 at Hampshire car boot sale fetches £61,000 at auction A bargain hunter snapped up the pot 'because it looked interesting' - before realising it was such a rare gem BrexitEU referendum 'was not legally binding on Parliament' says Supreme Court judge Lady Hale's comment in a wide speech echoes Nigel Farage and Gina Miller, both of whom said the EU referendum was not strictly binding in law UK NewsPolice hunting for missing RAF serviceman Corrie McKeague close one lane of busy A-road A mile and a half stretch of the eastbound A14 in Suffolk was shut today as search teams combed for clues about the gunner's disappearance Weird NewsKids try to replicate John Lewis Christmas ad – things go spectacularly wrong We think there'll be a lot of kids testing their trampolines' durability thanks to a certain John Lewis advert TripadvisorFurious restaurant boss has perfect response to 'vile' Tripadvisor reviewer claiming to be paté expert Owner hits back and says; "Let me know if you do want to come again and I’ll serve paté in a Martini glass garnished with rocket and sparklers!" Donald TrumpTeacher fired after being recorded telling students their parents will be deported by Donald Trump One student with an undocumented parent said: “I worry about my dad because I had a nightmare that he wasn’t with me any more" CCTVTeens 'stab shopkeeper in face after they're asked for ID to buy cigarettes' The teens allegedly attacked the assistant leaving him with a stab wound to the left side of his face, while another employee had a bottle smashed over their head MauryBrazen babysitter sends dad-of-three naked picture and tells wife: “I was here first” The 23-year-old had looked after his children years before he married again News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Menu Television TV Shows Animation Awards Thriller Talent Reality Mythological Documentary Crime Comedy Drama Series Factual Food Fiction TV Channels Regional People News Broadcasting Specialised and Niche Sports Viewership Terrestrial Music and Youth Movie Channels English Entertainment Kids GECs Factual & Documentary Production House TV Commercial Post Production Online Content Non-Fiction Film Production Documentary Fiction Cable TV People Local Cable Operators DAS Multi System Operators DTH DTH Operator DTH Services People Regulators People I&B Ministry High Court Supreme Court TDSAT TRAI MAM Marketing Brands Above The Line MAM Below The Line Media and Advertising Sponsorship Ad Campaigns AD Agencies Account Event Agencies Digital Agencies Out Of Home People Media Agencies Satellites Insurance Satellite Launches Satellite Operators Teleports iWorld Video On Demand Telecom Broadband Social Media Pay-Per-View e-commerce eNews Over The Top Services IPTV Gaming Movies Short Films Regional Movies On Mutiple Platforms Documentary Hindi Hollywood International Independent Box Populi Technology Hardware Headend Equipment Set-top Boxes Uplinking & Downlinking Distribution Components Software Firmware Middleware Applications Resources Education insitutes Education Channels forums History Producers Media agencies Legal and Policies Jobs Cable TV MSOs Address Book Ad sales agents Ad agencies Satelite Reckoner Shooting floors TRAI Technology suppliers Studios DTH Specials Event Coverage IBC2016 VidNet ASIA TV FORUM Content Hub Ficci Frames Ficci Frames Filmart Golden Globe Awards ICC WORLD CUP IDOS Mipcom Miptv MixRadio Music Connects News Television Summit Occasions Budget Budget 2000 Budget 2001 Budget 2002 Budget 2005 Budget 2014 Budget 2015 Budget 2016 Year Enders iWorld YouTube Kids available for free on Google Play, App Store in India 10 Nov, 2016 - 07:20 PM IST     |     By indiantelevision.com Team     MUMBAI: Keeping in mind the rapid growth of kids content in India, video streaming platform YouTube has launched an app. Called YouTube Kids, it is aimed at parents as well as tech-savvy children. The app, has been launched in over 20 countries, makes it easier for children to find videos on topics they want to explore. First debuted in the United States in February 2015 during which the ideology behind the kid-friendly YouTube app was described as, YouTube Kids app, the first Google product built from the ground up with little ones in mind. The app makes it safer and easier for children to find videos on topics they want to explore. YouTube global head of family and learning Malik Ducard stated that the team plans to bring new guest-curated playlists from educators, celebrities, trusted names and other parents in the coming weeks. Available for free on Google Play and App Store from today in India, the app features large images, no extra video controls, expect the play/pause, next video, and caption buttons and bold icons making it more convenient for the children. It is not yet available as a desktop version. YouTube Kids is fast and easy to navigate and also offers voice search to let children find videos even if they cannot spell or type. The app will include content from ChuChuTV, Kids TV, the Gummy Bear song in Hindi, and a new season of Appu - The Yogic Elephant. The app also includes parental control features like what can be searched by the child, timer to limit screen time and content restriction. The user interface features four distinct categories – shows, music, learning, and explore. ChuChuTV CEO Vinoth Chandar said, “Finally, our wish as a creator and as a parent has come true. As a kids creator we always wanted a separate kids app from YouTube because of the huge consumption by kids. As a parent, we always wanted a friendly digital space for our little ones to consume high-quality content. We are so excited about the launch of the YouTube Kids app and I am sure this is a blessing for all parents. As a creator, ChuChu TV has huge content plans for YouTube Kids. Good Luck to YouTube Kids." Designed to offer family focused content, YouTube kids offers an option to parents to let their kids to explore their imagination and curiosity. Ducard further added, “YouTube Kids is our first step in reimagining YouTube for families, an experience that gives you a world of video in your pockets, and a world of possibility and knowledge at your fingertips. India already has a very diverse and rapidly-growing creator base for kids and learning, with content in this category growing 100% year over year. YouTube Kids comes to India at a great time for millions of Indian families, as it provides children access to content that will enrich their lives and create new opportunities for learning. It also provides the perfect platform to showcase India’s incredibly vibrant, growing community of content creators, from animation studios to edutubers.” “We are ecstatic about the launch of YouTube Kids in India. Carefully developed with healthy viewing in mind, YouTube Kids has to be, without a doubt, the most sought after edutainment destination. We are proud to be a valued partner of the YouTube Kids' App,” added Appu Series CEO Sanjay Raheja. Toonz Media Group CEO Jayakumar P said, “Since its launch, YouTube Kids have redefined kids entertainment in a revolutionary way. Toonz' relationship with the worldwide and Asia Pacific teams has been absolutely incredible. YouTube Kids' launch in India is indeed exciting news and they will definitely enrich and entertain Indian kids in the most amazing ways. Looking forward to the YouTube Kids Indian avatar and great collaborations with them.” Sesame Workshop MD Sashwati Banerjee added, “At Sesame India we believe in the power of engaging parents in interacting with children. In addition to our kids-centric videos, we have recently launched a series of webisodes for parents hosted by the popular Bollywood actor, Twinkle Khanna on topics like self-confidence, bullying, resolving conflict, consent and many more which will be available on the YouTube Kids’ app. We believe YouTube Kids will be a great platform for parents and kids to build new practices for child care and learning.” Parental Control features of the YouTube Kids app: ● Search settings: Automated Prompt allows you to make a choice about how broadly you want your child to explore - turn search on to access millions of family-friendly videos, or turn search off to restrict your child’s experience to a more limited set. Either way, parents decide the right experience for their family from the get-go. ● Timer: Let the app be the bad guy with a built-in timer that lets you limit kids’ screen time. The app alerts your child when the session is over, so you don’t have to. (You’re welcome. ;) ● Sound settings: Sometimes you need a little peace and quiet! You have an option to turn off background music and sound effects, so your kids can keep watching while parents catch a breath. ● Passcode and restricting certain content: Parents have the ability to set their own passcode, and to access settings and other parental information in the app. ● YouTube Kids on the big screen: You can now also watch YouTube Kids as a family on your big screen using Chromecast, Apple TV, game consoles or a smart TV. tags YouTube KidsChuChuTVkids TVGummy Bear songMalik DucardSashwati Banerjee Trending Grey does 'shararat' with Britannia Cake's new campaign What do TV channels have in store this Children's Day? How to make Crystal Crop 'hara-bhara' Goel & Dhoot speak Dish TV-Videocon d2h merger TRAI's CDR idea rejected; Govt to look into Rs 3050 cr penalty   Latest Reads Q3 '16: 70pc smartphones shipped, 90pc sold by e-tailers 4G-enabled; Indian market crosses 30 million Smartphone market in India crossed the 30 million unit shipments milestone for the first time ever in a quarter in CY Q3 2016 maintaining its healthy traction with 11 per cent year-on-year growth. iWorld Telecom 15 Nov, 2016 Cyber security can save up to Rs 540 cr each year; Paytm in 10 Indian languages As companies increasingly get on to harnessing the benefits of the networked world, overlook the associated threats, said a cyber-security expert and ethical hacker on the lack of awareness around the emerging threats at the BFSI Tech Maestros Awards & Conclave 2016. The expert -- TAC Security... iWorld eNews 15 Nov, 2016 Via.com e-comm launches 'Lite' for mobile browsing MUMBAI: Leading omni channel travel, retail and fintech company, Via.com, has launched a Lite version of its website for mobile browsing in India. The Lite version is aimed at helping users browse its website faster on their smart phones in areas with slow or poor internet connectivity. iWorld e-commerce 11 Nov, 2016 Why Uday Sodhi launched Liv Kids MUMBAI: First there was VootKids from the Viacom18 stable. And now Sony Pictures Networks India’s OTT service SonyLiv is tip-toeing into the kids entertainment space with the launch of its video on demand service Liv Kids. iWorld Over The Top Services 11 Nov, 2016 Satellite Evolution Group's maritime, aviation, oil&gas web site launched MUMBAI: The Satellite Evolution Group launched its new website. It has been created to deliver the ultimate user-friendly experience with improved navigation and functionality throughout. iWorld eNews 11 Nov, 2016 YouTube Kids available for free on Google Play, App Store in India Keeping in mind the rapid growth of kids content in India, video streaming platform YouTube has launched an app. Called YouTube Kids, it is aimed at parents as well as tech-savvy children. The app, has been launched in over 20 countries, makes it easier for children to find videos on topics they... iWorld Video On Demand 10 Nov, 2016 Conax warns operators to 'look beyond piracy, content protection not enough' Conax, part of the Kudelski Group and a leader in total service protection for digital entertainment services worldwide via broadcast, broadband and connected devices, announced at the TV Connect Africa conference Conax’ EVP Principal Architect and industry expert, Tor Helge Kristiansen, will... iWorld eNews 10 Nov, 2016 Paytm to hire over 10,000 Paytm agents to onboard offline merchants Paytm is looking to hire over 10,000 Paytm agents as it seeks to aggressively expand its offline merchant network to over 20 lakh touch-points by the end of the current fiscal year. iWorld e-commerce 10 Nov, 2016 VICE to launch digital service with ToI Group 1Q 2017 VICE Media, the Canadian-American digital media and broadcasting company, will be launching its digital services in India, as part of a slew of other product offerings, in association with Times of India Group in the first quarter of 2017, while actively exploring the option of starting its pay TV... iWorld IPTV 10 Nov, 2016 Gallery The content Paradigm 25 Aug, 2016 The Customer: Vidnet 2016 25 Aug, 2016 Proud winners at the NT Awards 2016 04 Jul, 2016 A night to remember: NT AWARDS 2016 - Part 2 30 Jun, 2016   Latest News Load More Subscribe Newsletter TVLinx | ADLinx | Archive What to Read Next Shop CJ seeks better consumer engagement, appoints Publicis Television Shopping Network Shop CJ has appointed Publicis as the advertising agency following a multi-agency pitch. Publicis India will work on the strategy and creative deliverables of Shop CJ spearheading the next phase of growth for the brand. MAM Media and Advertising Account 15 Nov, 2016 SC refuses to stay demonetisation Regulators Supreme Court 15 Nov, 2016 Q3 '16: 70pc smartphones shipped, 90pc sold by e-tailers 4G-enabled; Indian market crosses 30 million iWorld Telecom 15 Nov, 2016 Cyber security can save up to Rs 540 cr each year; Paytm in 10 Indian languages iWorld eNews 15 Nov, 2016 Melanie Torres is GRB Entertainment's new international sales director MAM Media and Advertising People 15 Nov, 2016 More News Eat Play Love: A family festival, with best of food, music, art and culture Hard Rock Cafe India promotes northeast musicians on 10th anniversary I had to say no to Pritam: Kohinoor Mukherjee, Sound Recordist Source By Radioandmusic.com Akshay Dogra in pain; read to know why... Industry mourns the demise of producer-director Ravi Ojha Devika to get into a ‘revenge’ mode in Life OK’s Kalash Source By Tellychakkar.com Disney encapsulates love and magic in ‘Beauty and the Beast’ live-action tra The complete list of NGF Award winner at NGDC 2016 ‘Indian eSports Championship’ concludes with grand finale at Mumbai Source By Animationxpress.com Editor's Choice Shop CJ seeks better consumer engagement, appoints Publicis Account 15 Nov, 2016 SC refuses to stay demonetisation Supreme Court 15 Nov, 2016 Q3 '16: 70pc smartphones shipped, 90pc sold by e-tailers 4G-enabled; Indian market crosses 30 million Telecom 15 Nov, 2016 Cyber security can save up to Rs 540 cr each year; Paytm in 10 Indian languages eNews 15 Nov, 2016 Melanie Torres is GRB Entertainment's new international sales director People 15 Nov, 2016 Articles By Category News Headline Executive Dossier Comment Special Report Research Case Study Genre Primer Financials Reviews Events Promos & Campaigns Press Release Sign up for our Newsletter subscribe for latest stories Facebook Twitter YouTube Linkedin RSS Television Cable TV DTH Regulators MAM Satellites iWorld Movies Technology Resources Specials About Privacy Disclaimer Advertise Contact Us 2016 @ Copyright Indiantelevision Dot Com Pvt Ltd. All rights reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 82 7 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Google Daydream review: Bring on the apps Daydream advantage: a wireless controller. Post to Facebook Google Daydream review: Bring on the apps Daydream advantage: a wireless controller.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2fh4Ub5 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Google Daydream review: Bring on the apps Edward C. Baig , USA TODAY 7:30 p.m. EST November 11, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Ed Baig shows off Daydream View, Google's new mobile virtual reality headset. USA TODAY NETWORK A Pixel phone fits into the Daydream View headset. (Photo: Google) NEW YORK—Here’s the chief reality behind Google’s $79 virtual reality headset: it all boils down to content. In the week that I’ve had to test Daydream View, I not only craved more VR content, but wished more of the Daydream experiences I tried blew me away. Only a select few apps were made available by Google for this review. Still, the beauty and promise of all virtual reality is that it places you somewhere that would be difficult if not near impossible for most of us to experience day-to-day. And as a mobile VR solution along the lines of Samsung’s Gear VR, Daydream does give you a hint of that promise. I particularly enjoyed poking around YouTube VR.  In one video I landed in the Arctic, within virtual spitting distance of a polar bear and cub. In another, I got to see what it was like in the depths of the Isle of Jaws, a hotbed for great white sharks. It was also fun watching movie trailers on the virtual gigantic screen theater inside Google Play, though I’m not convinced I’d commit hours of wearing Daydream on my head to take in an entire film. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Google's new Pixel phones, Google Home and Daydream VR  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. An attendee takes pictures of the Google Pixel phone display during a Google product event in San Francisco.  John G Mabanglo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen A Google Home unit is on display following a product event Oct. 4 in San Francisco.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Mario Queiroz, Google VP of product management, introduces the new Google Home.  John G Mabanglo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen The new Google Pixel phone  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Dan Howley tries out the Google Daydream View virtual-reality headset and controller. Daydream View will differ from other VR headsets by having a companion motion controller and compatibility with a wide range of phones.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Members of the media examine Google's Pixel phone.  Ramin Talaie, Getty Images Fullscreen A journalist uses Google's Daydream VR headset. Google unveiled new products, including the Google Pixel Phone, making a jump into the mobile device market.  Ramin Talaie, Getty Images Fullscreen With YouTube, you can watch the entire library of videos on a virtual big screen and experience VR videos. The app was built from the ground up especially for Daydream and the controller.  Google Fullscreen The headset and phone say hello wirelessly. There's nothing to connect. And the headset includes an auto-alignment system that gets everything just right. It's just seconds to being in VR once you drop in the phone.  Google Fullscreen A screen shot from YouTube VR.   Google Fullscreen Sundar Pichai, CEO of Google, discusses Google’s new Pixel phones during the Google event in San Francisco.  Theresa Chong for USA TODAY Fullscreen Google's headset features a small controller similar to a remote with clickable touchpad at the top and two buttons.  Google Fullscreen Google's Snow version of the headset.  Google Fullscreen The headset and controller will go on sale in November for $79.  Google. Fullscreen Googles Daydream.  Google Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 15 2 of 15 3 of 15 4 of 15 5 of 15 6 of 15 7 of 15 8 of 15 9 of 15 10 of 15 11 of 15 12 of 15 13 of 15 14 of 15 15 of 15 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide But I’m getting ahead of myself. *What you need. For now, you’ll need to buy one of the two recently launched Google smartphones, the Pixel or the Pixel XL, to experience Daydream, since these are the only compatible phones on the market. More capable Android handsets are on the way, and so are more capable Daydream-ready apps. Google expects Daydream phones to arrive in the coming months from Samsung, HTC, ZTE, Xiaomi, Alcatel, Asus, LG, Motorola, and HTC. Huawei's recently announced new Mate 9 Pro is also going to work with Daydream. In the slowly evolving consumer ecosystem for virtual reality, you can lump Daydream in with the $99.99 Oculus-powered Samsung Gear VR. Gear VR also only works with a limited set of smartphones, for now all models from Samsung. Daydream is a step up in price and class compared to the $15 (on up) Google Cardboard virtual reality viewers that Google and its partners make available. And like Gear VR, it is way cheaper and accessible, albeit less compelling, than the pricey Oculus Rift or HTV Vive machines that need to be tethered to powerful computers, or the PlayStation VR system that Sony sells, which connects to PlayStation game consoles. Gear VR.  (Photo: Samsung.) *Daydream versus Gear VR. Daydream is made of a light breathable fabric and it is more compact and comfortable to wear than the hard plastic Gear VR, which at times felt heavy on the bridge of my nose. Both headsets can be worn over eyeglasses. You start out by placing the Pixel on a tray and closing a latch that is secured by pulling an elastic loop over a nub. The outer edge of your phone remains exposed so that you can plug in headphones. As you pull the Daydream over your head, you’ll want to ensure a tight fit by adjusting a strap. I found that the headset sometime slid down slightly on the front of my face. That’s important not only for comfort but for a proper focus. There’s no focus wheel like there is on Gear VR, which means that how sharp the images appear to you inside Daydream directly correlates to how the thing lays on your face. Daydream controller  (Photo: Google) Another big difference between Daydream and Gear VR is that Google's set comes with a separate wireless oblong controller, which has a clickable touchpad and a few buttons for controlling apps, volume and the action in whatever VR experience you’re involved in. On Gear VR, there’s a built-in touchpad along the right temple, so this is a big advantage for Google. Samsung has more apps at the moment. I like having the separate controller but sometime had to fuss with the controls to make the cursor appear inside an app or the Daydream Home forest environment, which is the starting place for finding content and accessing the Play Store. You can stow the controller inside Daydream when you’re not using the headset; it's kept in place by an elastic band, minimizing the chance that you’ll misplace it. The Daydream controller has a USB-C charging port that is compatible with the cable that comes with the Pixel. According to Google, the controller battery will last about 12 hours or more than a day in standby mode. You can find apps in Daydream home.  (Photo: Google) Most concerning, however, is the fact that the battery inside the Pixel phone appears to be draining pretty quickly when you’re using Daydream, and the Pixel itself runs exceedingly hot. I’m not suggesting you’re facing the kind of risk that required Samsung to recall its Note 7 device (which was one of the phones that worked with Gear VR), just that this is something you really notice. Bring on the content.  In the end, of course, Daydream will live or die by the content you get to watch. Among the experiences I got to try and enjoy was an outerspace simulation called Star Chart VR, which let me travel from Earth to Mars to Saturn. Inside a Google Arts & Culture app, I viewed audio-guided masterpieces by van Gogh and other artists. And back inside YouTube, I especially enjoyed watching and listening (via spatial 3D audio) the Does Not Exist VR beatboxing video from Reeps One. I also played a game called Mekorama in which you try to help a small robot navigate puzzling mechanical dioramas. In another, called Wonderglade, which seems more suited for young kids, I played carnival games in a theme park. Still, I wanted more. Google lists numerous apps it says will reach Daydream before the end of the year. Many are from such media properties as BBC, CNN, the New York Times and yes USA TODAY (VRtually). A number of entertainment-oriented apps are also on the list, including HBO Go, Hulu VR, Jaunt, the NBA, NextVR and Netflix. And more games are coming too, ranging from Need for Speed: No Limits VR from EA, to Home Run Derby by Major League Baseball. Bringing them on will make virtual reality that much more real and engaging. Email: ebaig@usatoday.com; Follow USA TODAY Personal Tech Columnist @edbaig on Twitter 82 CONNECTTWEET 7 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2fh4Ub5
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Social Google to integrate Map Maker into Google Maps Google to integrate Map Maker into Google Maps Google has decided to do away with the Google Map Maker community an integrate it into Google Maps By: Tech Desk | Updated: November 10, 2016 8:32 pm Google has said that if someone wants to keep updating the maps, and contribute their local knowledge – will be able to join the ‘Local Guides’ program (Image for representation) Google has decided to do away with the Google Map Maker community that has been editing and moderating millions of entries in Google Maps for users worldwide, and had been doing so since 2008. Google has said in a post that the app will be shut down and will be integrated into Google Maps itself by 2017. “This update will enable us to focus on providing the best editing and moderation experience within Google Maps on both desktop and on mobile. We’ll continue to roll out new features to make sure you’re able to do most of the things you’ve grown accustomed to doing in Map Maker – like edit roads – leading up to March 2017 and after,” Google said in a blogpost. Google has said that if someone wants to keep updating the maps, and contribute their local knowledge – will be able to join the ‘Local Guides’ program. This will also gives users an opportunity to earn points and unlock rewards for submitting information and making edits. These users will also get early access to the new Google Maps features. It is not possible to make moderations on Map Maper, which Google says will help streamline and speed up the process of an edit to get published. A latest update for the Google Maps application for Android brought Google Calendar to the app. Users can quickly access events directly from the map. According to Google, this move will save users time as they navigate through their daily tasks and travel. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaKejriwal in Delhi Assembly: When PM Modi was Gujarat CM, he took bribe from Aditya Birla group IndiaBanks may hire retired staff to deal with cash rush: Finance Ministry IndiaDemonetisation: This move will turn out to be a big scam, says Rahul Gandhi IndiaGovt decides to declare Zakir Naik's NGO as outlawed body for 5 years IndiaPM Narendra Modi urges all parties to support demonetisation in Winter Session EntertainmentDear Zindagi Take 4: Shah Rukh Khan tells Alia Bhatt why we can't love freely and makes a lot of sense, watch video EntertainmentOh Oh Jane Janaaa singer Kamaal Khan resurfaces on Salman Khan's Twitter, see pics EntertainmentJagga Jasoos: Ranbir Kapoor looks like school's most naughty kid in latest still, see pics EntertainmentSkin show is not necessarily sexy, says Alia Bhatt. See pics Must Read SportsWant Rahul in XI...that's why he's picked: Anil Kumble SportsKL Rahul's century coincides with Test recall SportsFollowed Ojha closely, learnt from Kartik: Ansari TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Google Duo, Skype, Viber, etc that also offer the same TechnologyOnePlus 3T launch: Snapdragon 821 to extra RAM, here's what is known TechnologyIn a first, smartphone shipments in India cross 30 mn in a quarter: IDC  Deepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra, Lisa Haydon: The rise of the thigh-high slit gowns Nov 15: Latest News Demonetisation fallout: Pune International Marathon postponed Supermodel Gigi Hadid poses nude on horse back for Allure magazine Demonetisation: Shiv Sena, National Conference likely to join Mamata Banerjee’s march to Rashtrapati Bhawan Tennis Hall of Fame member Gardnar Mulloy dies at 102 Study shows MRI can detect bone marrow cancer                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google lawyer says Android helps rather than harms competition By Reuters Published: 11:22 EST, 10 November 2016 | Updated: 11:22 EST, 10 November 2016 e-mail By Foo Yun Chee BRUSSELS, Nov 10 (Reuters) - Google's Android mobile operating system boosts competition rather than hurts it, the company's general counsel said on Thursday, in a rebuttal of EU antitrust charges that it uses the platform to crush rivals. The comments by Google general counsel Kent Walker on a blog came a week after the U.S. technology group rejected two other EU accusations of unfairly promoting its shopping service and blocking competitors in online search advertising. The Android case could potentially be the most damaging for Google. Android has made about $31 billion in revenue and $22 billion in profit for Google since its release in 2008, an Oracle Corp lawyer told a U.S. court in January. Android's market share in Europe is above 90 percent, according to the European Commission. Walker said the Commission has got the whole case wrong, ignoring both the fierce rivalry with iPhone maker Apple , the demands from apps developers and the dangers of modified versions of Android. "The response we filed today shows how the Android ecosystem carefully balances the interests of users, developers, hardware makers, and mobile network operators. Android hasn't hurt competition, it's expanded it," he said. The case is distorted because the EU competition enforcer does not see Apple's iOS as a rival to Android, he said. "To ignore competition with Apple is to miss the defining feature of today's competitive smartphone landscape," Walker said. The company said it bundles some of its apps and products in order to offer the package for free instead of charging upfront licensing fees. Such a practice put Microsoft in the EU crosshairs, eventually resulting in millions of euros of fines for the U.S. software company. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso confirmed receipt of Google's response. Lobbying group and complainant FairSearch, whose members include U.S. travel sites Expedia and TripAdvisor , dismissed Google's arguments. "The truth is that Android is today a closed operating system, and any claim to the contrary is disingenuous. Google imposes severe sanctions on those who defy its insistence on conformity," FairSearch lawyer Thomas Vinje said in a statement. The EU antitrust enforcer intends to hit the company with deterrent fines in the Android and shopping cases, according to charge sheets seen by Reuters. The penalty could reach $7.4 billion, or 10 percent of Google's global turnover, for each case if it is found guilty of breaching EU rules. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Jane Merriman and Mark Potter) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Can even cause blindness Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search the BBC Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Politics Tech selected Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Technology Technology Microsoft fixes bug used by Russian hacker group 10 November 2016 From the section Technology Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp Linkedin Share this with Linkedin Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-37939910 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Phishing campaigns seeking to exploit the flaw had "ramped up", said security researchers Microsoft has issued a patch for a software bug being actively exploited by hackers trying to infiltrate government networks. Details of the bug were made public earlier this month by Google security researchers. Microsoft criticised the disclosure, saying Google had put people at risk by sharing information about the flaw. One hacker group has kicked off several new campaigns that seek to use the flaw before it is widely patched. Attacks accelerate The patch for the flaw was included in Microsoft's regular software update, which this month contained 14 separate updates that addressed 68 vulnerabilities in Windows, Microsoft's Office suite and its Edge browser. Microsoft's patch comes a week after Google released information about the flaw and almost two weeks after Adobe patched an associated bug in its widely used Flash software. The release of the patch fulfils a promise made in a blog by Terry Myerson, Microsoft's head of Windows, to close the loophole as soon as possible. The blog also detailed the activities of what Microsoft calls the Strontium hacker group, which has exploited the flaw to target governments, federal agencies, embassies, military organisations and defence contractors. The Strontium group is also known as Pawn Storm, Fancy Bear, Sofacy and APT28. It is believed to be based in Russia and has been linked to the cyber-attack on the Democratic National Committee, the governing body of the United States Democratic Party. The prospect of the patch had already prompted this hacker group to accelerate its attempts to exploit it, research by security company Trend Micro suggests. Trend Micro said the group had "ramped up" its targeted phishing campaigns that used the flaw in late October and early November. Booby-trapped attachments posing as invites to a conference about cyber-threats were used as the attack vector for the campaigns. The group still has time to exploit the flaw because many companies do not apply patches as soon as they appear. They can take time to test the patch to ensure they do not inadvertently shut down important systems that keep a business running. Related Topics Computer security Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Linkedin More on this story Why Windows hack is being blamed on Russia-linked group 2 November 2016 Microsoft attacks Google's Windows hack alert 1 November 2016 UK must retaliate against cyber-attacks says chancellor 1 November 2016 Video Berners-Lee: Right to worry about cybersecurity 1 November 2016 Top Stories Court orders halt to prison protests Prison officers ordered to end a 24-hour protest after the government wins a High Court injunction. 15 November 2016 Google backs UK with £1bn investment 15 November 2016 Trump: I could have won popular vote 15 November 2016 Features Video Made in Mexico The outdoor drug factory feeding America's addicts Fighting back How I forgave my son's killer and started a boxing club 'No cash at the airport' Tourists struggle to find cash in India 'It shook me' Moments that shocked and shaped Britain's black stars 'Go home' Is it possible to close the world's largest refugee camp? Reaching out The unlikely friendships fighting off loneliness How's your heart? The mobile health devices that could save thousands of lives Click to win Donald Trump's 'hidden' Facebook army Growing pains Rugby union's dash for global growth News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit US Election 2016 Tech selected Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2016 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Law & Disorder / Civilization & Discontents Google responds in EU antitrust case: “Android hasn’t hurt competition” Search giant faces $7.4 billion fine if found to have blocked competitors in the market. by Jennifer Baker (UK) - Nov 10, 2016 2:41 pm UTC Login to bookmark 89 Illustration by Aurich Lawson Google—as expected—has dismissed the European Commission's charge that the ad giant abused Android’s dominance to block its competitors in the market. The company is accused of using Android’s position as the dominant smartphone operating system in Europe to force manufacturers to pre-install Google services while locking out competitors. Competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager sent a so-called Statement of Objections to Google in April. On Thursday, the multinational corporation defended its position and spoke of the open source nature of the Android operating system. It also compared a typical Android smartphone to rivals Apple and Microsoft. According to Google, 39 out of 39 pre-installed apps are from Apple on iPhone 7, and 39 out of 47 pre-installed apps on the Microsoft Lumia 550 are from Microsoft. In a blog post on Thursday, Google general counsel Kent Walker said: "The response we filed today shows how the Android ecosystem carefully balances the interests of users, developers, hardware makers, and mobile network operators. Android hasn’t hurt competition, it’s expanded it." The 100-plus page response to the commission focuses on metrics in an attempt to add weight to the claim that it hasn't abused any competitive advantage. Walker said: The commission’s case is based on the idea that Android doesn’t compete with Apple’s iOS. We don’t see it that way. In fact, 89 percent of respondents to the commission’s own market survey confirmed that Android and Apple compete. To ignore competition with Apple is to miss the defining feature of today’s competitive smartphone landscape. Walker claimed that possible remedies to resolve the case could create fragmentation in the mobile ecosystem. "The commission’s preliminary findings underestimate the importance of developers," he said. Walker continued: The commission argues that we shouldn’t offer some Google apps as part of a suite. No manufacturer is obliged to preload any Google apps on an Android phone. But we do offer manufacturers a suite of apps so that when you buy a new phone, you can access a familiar set of basic services. Android’s competitors, including Apple’s iPhone and Microsoft’s Windows phone, not only do the same, but they allow much less choice. Vestager can fine the search behemoth up to 10 percent of its global turnover—around $7.4 billion (£5.9 billion)—if she finds Google guilty of wrongdoing. Google is currently appealing against a similar case in Russia after authorities fined the company approximately 438 million rubles  ($6.8 million, £5.25 million) in an almost identical Android antitrust case earlier this year. Yandex, Russia's biggest search engine and the main complainant in that case, is also one of four complainants in the EU case. Google rivals Microsoft, Nokia, and Oracle—under the Fairsearch umbrella organisation—lodged the first complaint against Android in 2013. Fairsearch said in a statement to Ars: Google says there's no problem because Android is 'open.' The truth is that Android is today a closed operating system, and any claim to the contrary is disingenuous. Any manufacturer or network operator seeking to differentiate its devices or services is prevented from doing so by the web of Google's contractual restrictions. Google imposes severe sanctions on those who defy its insistence on conformity. For example, a phone maker that offers even a few phones that do not comply with Google's straitjacket faces a cut-off from all of Google’s branded products. US ad-blocking firm Disconnect and Aptoide, a rival Portuguese Android app store, have also complained. None had responded to requests for comment from Ars at time of publication. Google separately faces antitrust charges on favouring its own search services and price comparison offerings over those of its rivals and for allegedly breaching competition rules with its mammoth ad business. Last week, Google rebuffed both of those charges. This post originated on Ars Technica UK Expand full story Reader comments 89 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Jennifer Baker / Jennifer Baker has been a journalist for nearly 20 years, the last eight specialising in EU tech policy and legislation. She likes good books, bad films, and is slightly obsessed with data protection law.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Wayfair Unveils Immersive Home Design Experience with Daydream Virtual Reality App IdeaSpace App Allows Consumers to Explore and Shop Beautifully Designed Virtual Showrooms on Daydream, Google’s Mobile VR Platform BOSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Wayfair Inc. (NYSE:W), one of the world’s largest online destinations for home furnishings and décor, today announced the launch of IdeaSpace, the company’s second virtual reality application for designing spaces with furniture and décor. Available on Daydream, Google’s high quality, mobile VR platform, IdeaSpace enables consumers to explore a variety of uniquely designed spaces and shop their favorite finds in an interactive setting. IdeaSpace was built by Wayfair Next, the company’s internal research and development team, using Google’s virtual reality technology. “Discovery is an essential part of the Wayfair shopping experience as consumers explore our unmatched selection and inspirational content to find new ideas for their homes,” said Steve Conine, co-founder and co-chairman, Wayfair. “Inspired by Wayfair’s Get the Look resource, where shoppers can explore featured interiors from designers as well as Wayfair commercials and catalogs, IdeaSpace allows customers to browse beautifully styled spaces and products in a completely immersive experience.” By placing any Daydream-ready phone, such as Google’s Pixel phone, into the Daydream View headset, shoppers are transported to a number of custom-designed rooms they can move through with a swipe on the Daydream controller. To “get the look,” shoppers can point the cursor at featured 3-D products, click to display additional details and rotate for a complete 360-degree view, then save their favorite products all within the app. “As the e-commerce leader in the home space, we believe that being on the forefront of new technology adoption will allow us to create the best possible shopping experience for our customers,” added Conine. “Using Google’s advanced technology, IdeaSpace takes the inspirational content our customers have come to expect to an entirely new level.” Wayfair’s IdeaSpace is available now for download on Google Play. For a demo and screen shots click here. About Wayfair Wayfair Inc. offers an extensive selection of home furnishings and décor across all styles and price points. The Wayfair family of brands includes: Wayfair, an online destination for all things home Joss & Main, where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savings AllModern, a go-to online source making modern design more accessible DwellStudio, a design house with a decidedly modern vibe Birch Lane, a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décor Wayfair generated $3.14 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended September 30, 2016. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 5,600 people. Contacts Wayfair Inc. Media Relations Contact: Kate Margolis, 857-221-8085 PR@wayfair.com or Investor Relations Contact: Julia Donnelly IR@wayfair.com satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 10, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: IIROC Trade Resumption / L'OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – NIR Next Next post: MEDIA ADVISORY: Michael E. Fox, Sr. Wins 2016 Legends Achievement Award Search for: Search Recent Posts Which Skills May Be Going By the Wayside for Men? Cascade Lacrosse, Maverik Lacrosse Announce New NCAA Partner Schools Green Mountain College is Named Number-One College for Sustainability, Recognized for Top Curriculum Human-Machine Teams: Lockheed Martin UAS and Optionally-Piloted Helicopters Validate Firefighting and Search-and-Rescue Capabilities El Paso School District Receives an $8 Million Investment to Provide Students with 24/7 Access to Technology and Hands-On Learning Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps WhatsApp will continue to support BBOS and BlackBerry 10 until June 2017 November 15, 2016 Super Mario Run is launching on the iPhone and iPad on Dec. 15th for $13.99 November 15, 2016 Twitter adds new muting tools in an effort to curb harassment issue November 15, 2016 WhatsApp video calling now available to Canadian users November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps WhatsApp will continue to support BBOS and BlackBerry 10 until June 2017 November 15, 2016 Super Mario Run is launching on the iPhone and iPad on Dec. 15th for $13.99 November 15, 2016 Twitter adds new muting tools in an effort to curb harassment issue November 15, 2016 WhatsApp video calling now available to Canadian users November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros iPhone and iPad users can now talk to Siri to send PayPal money transfers Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 Rose Behar November 10, 2016 9:52am Google’s first dedicated virtual reality headset is now on sale in Canada for $99 CAD at Best Buy, Bell, Telus, Rogers and the Google Store. So far, the headset is only compatible with Google’s Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones, though the company has indicated more ‘Daydream-ready’ phones are on the way. At launch, the headset will be available in the ‘slate’ colour option, with ‘crimson’ and ‘snow’ colours becoming available at a later date. Daydream View was first teased at Google’s developer conference I/O 2016. It features cloth design elements in an aim to increase comfort for the user and comes along with a dedicated controller the features a clickable touchpad and tactile home button and app button. Related: Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard SourceGoogle Ipse …or you can get the 25$ Xiaomi one that works with other phones too 🙂 daveloft thats not the same whatsoever, the remote this comes with takes it from a novelty to an actual legitimate vr option. Ipse Mine actually does have a remote, with several more controls than the Google one….still got tired of Street View after a week 🙂 daveloft The first Xiaomi VR headset is just a plastic version of Google Cardboard. Most people with cardboard, don’t have a controller, so developers design their apps around that fact. Xiaomi recently announced a new VR headset and its not available, at least in North America, which looks like a clone of Google’s Daydream View. But I’d rather invest in Google’s ecosystem as the ecosystem is more important than saving a few dollars. Also it looks like this newer VR headset is designed exclusively for Xiaomi phones, so in less you have one of those you don’t get the full capabilities. Same as using Daydream with a non Pixel, it will work with cardboard apps, but it won’t work with the remote or Daydream apps. Hoagieh Looks like it’s not available yet, Best Buy showing a release date of 11/25 and Google just has me on a waiting list still. daveloft Neither the Google Store, Bestbuy, Telus or Rogers have it on their website to buy, but Bell does, and none of them have it instore. Seems like a fairly week launch. Ben Not available yet on Google Store. Normally the store updates around 1h30 PM (for all pixel/nexus releases they became available around that time from what I recall), I’d check back in a few hours. And it’s 99$, not 90$. raybo Just ordered thru Google Store. $110.88 after tax. Est. delivery Nov 17-25. Also just got Chromecast Ultra yday by mail. 🙂 raybo Got shipping notification tonight. Preempted my trip to Rogers and canceling. Jeremy A. Just got mine on the Google Store. Free shipping is showing a 11/17-25 delivery window, but it’s already available for overnight express shipping if you want to pay extra, so this isn’t a ‘pre-order’, it’s the real deal. On the other hand, Best Buy is only showing it as a pre-order, so beware, read the fine print. Yannick Labrecque It’s available now on the play store. Bought it there after this morning’s Best Buy fiasco. Lion5 Got mine at a Rogers Plus. Looking forward to trying this. daveloft I just picked one up from Rogers, only place that sees to have it in store. Smanny A number of Bell stores have them as well. mike m BS! no stock ANYWHERE. Google is a total failure when it comes to product availability and customer support. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
Computerworld ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review The virtual reality world just changed for the better Nick Ross (PC World) 11 November, 2016 11:55 - - - - print email Comments We’ve seen a few VR headsets for phones lately – they simply hold onto your phone and allow it to access what was, until today, a small world of VR videos and a few apps. Google’s Daydream View VR system is a headset plus a Bluetooth controller wand which finally lets you interact with virtual worlds displayed on your phone – like properly interact. The wand and the software are the key elements here. But first let’s take a look at the headset itself. Google Daydream VR Headset Despite performing the same VR goggles function as previous VR headsets that we’ve seen (like the 3SIXT VR Headset and Zeiss VR One Plus) this one isn’t made out of plastic and foam pads. It’s fabric-coated with a flap at the front. The lenses are plastic like the 3SIXT and the 360fly headsets. The flap is the important part as few manufacturers have managed to get this right: the phone clasps often get in the way of the buttons on the phone's side and frequently exert enough pressure on them to activate functions like volume and power off – which is annoying. Google’s flap is secured with elasticated band (like a hair band) and attaches to a plastic hook. As such it’s easily the quickest-to-use clasp we’ve seen although having a better way to line up the middle of the phone with the holder would be helpful. You can also access the controls on the side of your phone while you use the headset... but you probably won't need to. You can easily access the phone's controls when using the Daydream VR headset. There are some Near Field smarts in the front flap as the headset detected the phone when we placed there for the first time and offered to install the Daydream app for us. However, you can just download it from the Play Store and you can still use other headsets without missing out on anything. But we do have some reservations. The shape and size of the foam area around the goggles might look a bit classier than straight foam, but there’s less give in it meaning that the fit isn’t great. This means that light leakage from outside is noticeable both in the form of reflections on the lenses and from the relatively- large gaps which you can look through at the sides - which can be a bit distracting. However, more than this, the lack of give in the foam married with a single headstrap means that the headset needs to be quite tight to avoid falling down. But making the headset tighter puts pressure on your eyes and that makes things go blurry. We actually preferred using the Zeiss and 3SIXT headsets as they were more secure, comfy and enclosed – they also worked fine with the rest of the Daydream system. But it’s a minor thing - there’s no deal-breaker here. The Daydream headset looks good but the single strap and hard, contoured edge means getting a snug, light-proof, not-too-tight fit is difficult. But that’s just the physical element of this setup and it’s borderline irrelevant in the potentially-world changing innovation brought about by the controller wand and software. The Daydream wand The Daydream wand controller is the key element of the system. It enables you to interact with virtual worlds. The wand is simply a small, rechargeable Bluetooth device with sensors, buttons and a touchpad - not unlike a Wiimote. Anyone who has used the hand sensors provided with the Oculus Rift or HTC Vive VR systems will immediately be impressed. Whereas those systems require hardcore PCs, an expensive headset and a sensor array that needs to be installed in a room, the Daydream does basically the same job with none of that. We’d like to say it’s less accurate, but it’s not by much and re-centering it when it gets out of alignment is a cinch. There’s a trackpad at the front that you use with your thumb. This can be used to swipe through menus or navigate an avatar around a map – amongst other things. There’s a Back button and a Home button below this and – Hallelujah! – a volume rocker on the side (no more fiddling with buttons obscured by headset clasps). We see the power of this device from the opening setup tutorial… Google Daydream software The tutorial runs for a few minutes but it’s one that will delight and surprise you. Clicking on a moving butterfly by aiming the controller (which acts like a pointer) is one thing, but using it as a torch to illuminate animals in a dark virtual forest is quite something else. It’s amazing and puts you in mind of some of the casual games and VR demos from Steam. The setup tutorial is fun to do. On the left we're told to click on the butterfly using a pointer system not unlike in a lecture theatre. On the right you move the beam of light around the dark forest like a virtual flashlight. And things only get more impressive from there. In the next demo we learn how to play fetch with an arctic fox in a museum exhibit. Mind you we found throwing the stick took A LOT of practice. We've seen impressive star chart apps before but now we can be part of a fully-interactive planetarium with Star Chart VR. The left side of the screen lets us spin the solar system around by dragging it as part of the setup tutorial. The right side is a shot from a star mapping VR app. The navigation screen is fun to use. You point and select or swipe the touchpad to move through menus. Meanwhile Google's Street View has evolved into something wonderful. Using the controller to navigate around landmarks, like the Taj Mahal and Machu Picchu, really does give you a sense of what it's like to be there and walk around. We loved walking up to the famous Indian temple and looking up at the towers. It gives you a real sense of scale of the place that we've not experienced before. Walking up to the Taj Mahal is something else... Being able to "walk" along the outside of the temple and look up - navigating using the controller like a kind of virtual white stick - is far more immersive than watching Aunty Doris' old slide show. In more-entertainment-focused apps, Pearl is a cross between a music video, short film and a VR movie. You're sat on the dashboard of a car watching a father and daughter go through life while a song plays. You can look wherever you want while it happens. It's very immersive. Pearl is a VR musical short film and it's fantastic. In some apps you can use a virtual keyboard. A virtual keyboard from Street View VR app. The potential for experiencing live and historical events is off the charts. While this isn't new in the world of VR, we suspect that Daydream will popularise the practice and dramatically improve quality going forward. A more immersive way to experience music. Next: The best part, worst part and conclusion Page 1 2 next Brand Post Transforming Venues Through Digital Enterprise Practice More from Avaya Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags GoogleheadsetVR headsetsVRvirtual reality headsetsvirtual reality More about 360flyAppleEntireGoogleHTCNearNvidiaPlaystationZeiss Editor's Recommendations Aurora Energy CIO leaves after six months in role CSIRO seeks petaflop supercomputer Govt’s new cyber HQ to boost opportunities for collaboration NSW launches its first digital licences Government appoints cyber ambassador Adelaide Uni’s first CIO prepares to depart Read more Veeam Resources Centre Related Whitepapers Technology is driving Australia's STEM revolution. IDG STEM Study Insights Infographic : IDG STEM study Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Cray aims for the 500-petaflop mark with XC50 supercomputer China hints at retaliation against Apple and iPhones if trade war goes ... ​A Simple Explanation of Access Governance CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... There’s a war on for cybersecurity talent Market Place Secure Software Faster, Better - READ THE FORRESTER TEI REPORT -> Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2016 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us Google rejects EU anti-trust charges over Android AFP on November 11, 2016, 6:27 am Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Google rejects EU anti-trust charges over Android - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr Brussels (AFP) - US Internet giant Google on Thursday rejected EU allegations that it abused the market dominance of its hugely successful Android mobile phone operating system. The rapsheet targets one of Google's most sensitive businesses, as smartphones become by far the dominant player over PCs and laptops. "Android hasn't hurt competition, it's expanded it," said Kent Walker, senior vice president and general counsel of Google, in a blog. Google was responding to a long list of charges involving Android that Margrethe Vestager, the EU's outspoken competition commissioner, filed in April. They include the claim that the firm used practices such as making manufacturers pre-install its market-leading search engine as well as its Chrome browser as the default in their phones. "The response we filed today shows how the Android ecosytem carefully balances the interests of users, developers, hardware makers and mobile operators," Walker said. Google's response comes a week after the company rejected separate EU charges over online shopping and its advertising services in a series of rulings against US companies that has raised hackles across the Atlantic. The Android charges are seen as especially sensitive for one of Google's most strategic businesses that could alter a global smartphone sector which has taken over traditional PC's as the biggest segment in the world of computing. The case only pertains to Android-run phones, with the European Commission not considering Apple's iPhone as a factor in the case. - 'Into compliance' - The EU in its charge sheet accused Google of obstructing innovation by giving unfair prominence to its own apps, especially its search engine, in deals with giant mobile manufacturers such as South Korea's Samsung or China's Huawei. "No manufacturer is obliged to preload any Google apps on an Android phone," Google insisted. Google is also accused of restricting manufacturers from installing rival versions or modifications of Android, an open source software operating system, on their phones. The commission, through a spokesman, confirmed the receipt of Google's official response. "As is standard practice, we will carefully consider Google's response before taking any decision on how to proceed and cannot at this stage prejudge the final outcome of the investigation," it said. Google critics rejected the company's arguments. "Google imposes severe sanctions on those who defy its insistence on conformity," said Thomas Vinje, legal counsel to FairSearch, a group that represents many of the complainants in the case. "This is a problem that law enforcement can solve, by acting to bring Google into compliance with competition law," he added. Complainants who brought the case to the EU include Yandez, a Russia-based search engine that says Google is stopping it from expanding beyond Russia. They also include telecom companies that are looking to have better control of the Android software they provide on their smartphones. But Google, which originally created Android, says limiting changes by companies to the system helps software developers so they do not have to make many versions of their apps to run on different versions of Android. Developers of apps such as Spotify or WhatsApp, "depend on a stable and consistent framework to do their work," Google said. Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Google rejects EU anti-trust charges over Android - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News Dead man Barbaro 'speaks from the grave' at murder trial Chilling audio from a phone call between the crime kingpin shot dead on a Sydney street and a man accused of murder has been played to a court. Supporters of terror suspect lash out at media outside court A violent confrontation unfolded outside a Sydney courtroom this afternoon after a man charged with terrorism offences was given bail. Salim Mehajer returns to Australia after Ibiza arrest On Tuesday he likened himself to president-elect Donald Trump, posting on social media that he would defy predictions to succeed. '18-years down the drain': Husband uses drone to catch out cheating wife Note found at Gold Coast unit where 'Lizard Man', ex-girlfriend found dead The deaths of a former Gold Coast bikie and his ex-girlfriend didn't involve a third person, police have confirmed. Horror tenants evicted after inflicting years of misery on neighbours Horror tenants have left rubbish over a metre deep in parts of their rental property after being evicted this week. Show Me More Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Out-of-control motorhome causes chaos on UK motorway 'Spider-Man' firefighter beats colleague up nine-storey building WATCH: Huge school of hammerhead sharks surround divers Supermoon delights skygazers Cows marooned on tower of land created by earthquake Make it rain! Man rushes to grab cash spewing from ATM Great escape as Kimi causes chaos at Brazilian GP Supermoon of the century Why Hillary Clinton could still become president WATCH: Pedestrian goes nuts at driver who tooted him to get out the way OUR PICKS Supporters of terror suspect lash out at media outside court Salim Mehajer returns to Australia after Ibiza arrest '18-years down the drain': Husband uses drone to catch out cheating wife Couple stranded on mountain ledge after trying to look at supermoon MOST VIEWED Impatient driver rams tourist wagon Out-of-control motorhome causes chaos on UK motorway 'Spider-Man' firefighter beats colleague up nine-storey building WATCH: Huge school of hammerhead sharks surround divers Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search The West Search Web Sign In Sign In The West Home Home Video Business WA National World Tech Marketing & Media Leadership Boardroom Q+A Boardroom Radio Markets Events Sport AFL Match Centre Ladder WAFL Union Match Centre Ladder League Match Centre Ladder Cricket Match Centre Soccer Match Centre Ladder Basketball Tennis Match Centre Golf Motorsport Racing More Sport TABform The Game Lifestyle Food + Drink Fashion Mind + Body Health Home + Garden Real Estate Magazines New Homes Horoscopes Entertainment Festivals Access All Areas Television Movies Music Arts Books Galleries Competitions TV Guide PLUS 7 Travel News + Technology WA Australasia + The Pacific Asia Europe Americas Africa + The Middle East Cruising More Regional South West Great Southern Mid West North West Goldfields Galleries Classifieds Contact Us Announcements The Digital Edition More West Benefits Countryman Motoring New Homes Weather Airline Ratings Jobs Competitions Home Delivery Media Education Quokka Spirit Radio Red FM Place an Ad Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Terms Help Home Video Business Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Regional Announcements More West Benefits Galleries Countryman Motoring New Homes Weather Airline Ratings Jobs Competitions Home Delivery Media Education Quokka Spirit Radio Red FM Contact Us Latest WA National World Full Coverage Opinion The Digital Edition Health Festivals Place an Ad The Game First look at Google VR - and it’s pretty cool Nick Sas REVIEW - The West Australian on November 10, 2016, 10:01 pm Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share First look at Google VR - and it’s pretty cool - The West Australian Pinterest Tumblr It felt weird. Stop Video Replay 2:09 First look at Google's virtual reality headset UP NEXT VIDEO First look at Google's virtual reality headset Sitting at my desk with Google’s virtual reality headset on and headphones over my ears, it was like being in another world — a Google Daydream world to be exact. My colleague found it weird enough to take a terrible, grainy photo of me and send it around the office as a: “look what this idiot is doing” kind of gag. And I guess that’s where virtual reality is at right now; it’s all still a bit of a gimmick. But Google is trying to change that with the Daydream View. Google Daydream View and controller. Released worldwide today, the Daydream is a little different. It’s an affordable ($119) virtual reality device, that Google, being Google, has created so it’s as easy-to-use as possible. You just download the app, strap you phone in (it only works with the Google Pixel phone right now, but Google says it is working on others) and off you go. VR itself has been in the public domain for a while now. The Oculus Rift, released earlier this year, and HTC Hive, released just after, are both really expensive devices aimed at serious gamers and tech heads. While the Samsung Gear VR, which uses a smartphone like the Daydream, was released about 18 months ago. It's a decent device but just hasn’t quite captured the market the South Koreans were hoping for — and I won’t even bother mentioning Google’s cardboard VR thing. Google Daydream View But Google is trying to make VR more accessible with the Daydream View. You can watch movies, play games with the fantastic Nintendo Wii-inspired controller (although the games weren’t working for me for some reason) and tour historical sites through its street view option. And despite it being a little more clunkier in the graphics department than say the much more expensive Oculus Rift and Hive, the affordable VR tech that the Daydream provides is pretty decent. For example, I watched a clip of great white sharks swimming around and had to stop it; it was way to real and it freaked me out. I then downloaded and watched the start of animated flick Sausage Party (it’s notthat kind of party). The HD quality was pretty impressive. The graphics that put you in virtual reality world at an outdoor cinema whilst watching the movie was a nice touch. Google Daydream View headset and Pixel phone Now, the drawbacks. Though the soft material on the outside of the device is nice to feel, though I found it a little hard to find a comfy spot on my noggin’ (but perhaps that’s just my head). Another drawback came after using it for 30 minutes in VR mode. My Pixel phone got REALLY hot. Like “I though about the Galaxy Note7 when I touched it” hot. But if any VR device is going to cut through the market (that is until airlines start introducing them as entertainment options) the Daydream could do it. The real test will be whether after say three months of having the headset is will you still use after the thrill has gone? Only time will tell. Nick Sas, Twitter @sasbites Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share First look at Google VR - and it’s pretty cool - The West Australian Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest News From The West Video shows Docker Michael Johnson in kebab shop stoush Security vision has emerged showing Fremantle Dockers defender Michael Johnson allegedly punching two men in a Leederville kebab shop. Nigella Lawson's Rottnest escape before Margaret River food festival TV celebrity Nigella Lawson has arrived in Western Australia ahead of her appearance at this weekend's Margaret River Gourmet Escape. Couple stranded on mountain ledge after trying to look at supermoon A West Australian couple who tried to scale a mountain for a better view of Monday’s Supermoon have been rescued after six hours stranded in the dark. Primewest resuscitates Masters sites John Bond’s Primewest has made a pitch to leverage off its large format retail expertise, taking a stake in Home Consortium, the owner of the company that purchased the property and development … Socceroos in shaky draw against Thailand The Socceroos have slipped to third in their World Cup qualifying group after a shaky display allowed stragglers Thailand to hold Australia to a 2-2 draw. Mitchell and Cotchin to share 2012 Brownlow medal Sam Mitchell and Trent Cotchin will receive their medals at a small function for families and other guests in Melbourne next month. Show Me More Popular videos Easy ways to keep your kids active Fine idea Spider surge Johnson's kebab shop stoush Perth gets prime Supermoon viewing WA MPs fight over rights to tea break Perth to London flight at risk in Qantas dispute Police investigate Port Coogee robbery Perth man missing in Bali ‘left Indonesia’ Michael Johnson in hot water over kebab shop stoush Our Picks Tragedy sparks lifejacket appeal Hopeless parents The silent sexual curse of young people Wield the axe and bring in some youth Free parking ‘to save traders’ Fixed interest rates on the rise Culleton ‘will fight on’ via his brother-in-law Sunday’s beef roast a more costly affair <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Follow Us More from The West The Game Airline Ratings Subscribe to The West Quokka Health news and information Place your announcement here Jobfinder myresources.com.au Digital Solutions for Businesses in WA New: Health+Medicine magazine West Business Events Win great prizes Advertising Editorial Policy Corporate Complaints Subscribe Now Digital Edition The Game Syndication Contact Work For Us FAQs Newsletters back to top
null
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV November 10 GOOG: 762.56 -22.75 Some Google Pixel users are reporting issues with LTE Band 4 connections [Update: Google confirms issues, currently investigating] Ben Schoon - 5 days ago @NexusBen Google Google Pixel View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google’s new Pixel smartphones feature compatibility with the new, faster AWS frequencies, specifically Band 4 which is commonly used in North and South America. Several readers from Android Police, members of MobileSyrup, and multiple users in Google’s own forums are reporting issues connecting to Band 4 LTE. This issue won’t affect everyone with a Pixel, but in some regions and on some networks, Band 4 LTE is pretty much all that’s available. MobileSyrup reports that the issue is occurring on both a Pixel and a Pixel XL, several times a day and completely at random. Sometimes the signal will return within a few minutes, other times a reboot is needed — good thing there’s a reboot option in 7.1 now. That occurred on both Bell’s and Telus’ network in Canada, both of use Band 4 LTE. It’s unclear what is causing this issue or if it’s software or hardware based. However, according to at least one user, Google support has stated that the company is aware of the issue and is working on a fix. That shouldn’t be taken as confirmation, though. We’ve reached out to Google to see if it can provide any more information about what’s going on. Update: Google has responded to us via email to confirm that some Pixel users are indeed having issues with Band 4 LTE on some networks. The company is currently investigating the issue. Guides Google View THe Guide Google Pixel View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google rejects EU anti-trust charges over Android By Afp Published: 14:31 EST, 10 November 2016 | Updated: 14:31 EST, 10 November 2016 e-mail US Internet giant Google on Thursday rejected EU allegations that it abused the market dominance of its hugely successful Android mobile phone operating system. The rapsheet targets one of Google's most sensitive businesses, as smartphones become by far the dominant player over PCs and laptops. "Android hasn't hurt competition, it's expanded it," said Kent Walker, senior vice president and general counsel of Google, in a blog. The EU now has three cases on the go against Google ©Peter Muhly (AFP/File) Google was responding to a long list of charges involving Android that Margrethe Vestager, the EU's outspoken competition commissioner, filed in April. They include the claim that the firm used practices such as making manufacturers pre-install its market-leading search engine as well as its Chrome browser as the default in their phones. "The response we filed today shows how the Android ecosytem carefully balances the interests of users, developers, hardware makers and mobile operators," Walker said. Google's response comes a week after the company rejected separate EU charges over online shopping and its advertising services in a series of rulings against US companies that has raised hackles across the Atlantic. The Android charges are seen as especially sensitive for one of Google's most strategic businesses that could alter a global smartphone sector which has taken over traditional PC's as the biggest segment in the world of computing. The case only pertains to Android-run phones, with the European Commission not considering Apple's iPhone as a factor in the case. - 'Into compliance' - The EU in its charge sheet accused Google of obstructing innovation by giving unfair prominence to its own apps, especially its search engine, in deals with giant mobile manufacturers such as South Korea's Samsung or China's Huawei. "No manufacturer is obliged to preload any Google apps on an Android phone," Google insisted. Google is also accused of restricting manufacturers from installing rival versions or modifications of Android, an open source software operating system, on their phones. The commission, through a spokesman, confirmed the receipt of Google's official response. "As is standard practice, we will carefully consider Google's response before taking any decision on how to proceed and cannot at this stage prejudge the final outcome of the investigation," it said. Google critics rejected the company's arguments. "Google imposes severe sanctions on those who defy its insistence on conformity," said Thomas Vinje, legal counsel to FairSearch, a group that represents many of the complainants in the case. "This is a problem that law enforcement can solve, by acting to bring Google into compliance with competition law," he added. Complainants who brought the case to the EU include Yandez, a Russia-based search engine that says Google is stopping it from expanding beyond Russia. They also include telecom companies that are looking to have better control of the Android software they provide on their smartphones. But Google, which originally created Android, says limiting changes by companies to the system helps software developers so they do not have to make many versions of their apps to run on different versions of Android. Developers of apps such as Spotify or WhatsApp, "depend on a stable and consistent framework to do their work," Google said. Google is also accused of restricting manufacturers from installing rival versions or modifications of Android, an open source software operating system, on their phones ©Justin Sullivan (Getty/AFP/File) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Can even cause blindness Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Clustrix Outscales both Amazon Aurora and Google Cloud SQL Third-party benchmarks highlight true "scale-out SQL" for high-transaction scenarios News provided by Clustrix Nov 10, 2016, 08:00 ET Share this article SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Clustrix (www.clustrix.com), provider of the first scale-out database designed for the elastic scaling requirements of high-transaction, high-value workloads of today's web applications, demonstrated that its flagship relational database management system (RDBMS) ClustrixDB  outperformed both Amazon Aurora and Google Cloud SQL in high-transaction scenarios. An Infoworld Test Center benchmark conducted earlier this year showed that Clustrix outscaled Amazon Aurora by great margins, while recent tests conducted by the same organization illustrate that Aurora outscales Google Cloud SQL, leading to a single conclusion: Clustrix outperforms both of these MySQL alternatives. Addressing MySQL's shortcomings As observed by Martin Heller in his recent review MySQL face-off: Amazon outscales Google, both Amazon Aurora and Google Cloud SQL were developed in order to bridge limitations imposed by MySQL. Despite being the world's most widely used open source RDBMS, "MySQL does not scale all that well and, in particular, cannot handle a lot of simultaneous clients compared to commercial databases." Heller goes on to benchmark these two MySQL replacements against each other, concluding that "Google Cloud SQL performance may beat Amazon Aurora at low thread counts, but Aurora owns the high end." ClustrixDB was also developed to address MySQL limitations, but with an important difference—it is architected to "scale out" by adding server nodes, which enables it to scale linearly to the point where there are almost no limits to the number of simultaneous transactions it can handle with little perceptible latency to the end user—a distinction that is not true of Google Cloud SQL and Amazon Aurora. Heller highlighted this in "ClustrixDB scales out, way out—Clustered relational database outperforms Amazon Aurora for low-latency, high-transaction-rate scenarios." Clustrix "scales out" to outperform Aurora and Cloud SQL Heller concludes that "ClustrixDB is a more-scalable alternative to Amazon Aurora for people who need extremely high transactional performance," pointing to several benefits of the database: A shared-nothing architecture that eliminates the potential scaling bottlenecks caused by shared-disk or even shared-cache architectures A rebalancer that ensures optimal data distribution across all nodes A query optimizer that achieves maximum parallelism on individual queries and maximum concurrency on simultaneous queries Ability to be scaled out "hot" without downtime "A common misconception is that cloud databases like Google Cloud SQL and Amazon Aurora can scale just by adding cloud instances. However, the truth is that even they have limits," said Mike Azevedo, CEO, Clustrix. "Customers that foresee rapid growth or anticipate large spikes in seasonal demand will need a scale-out solution like ClustrixDB that's built for high-volume scenarios handling millions of concurrent transactions. They might be shocked to find that Google and Aurora's options are lower-performing solutions, but the most unpleasant surprise might come when they find themselves pouring tremendous money and engineering time into trying to rig them to scale beyond what they were designed for." About Clustrix Clustrix provides the leading scale-out relational database engineered for the cloud or data center. ClustrixDB is a drop-in replacement for MySQL and an ideal solution for high-transaction, high-value workloads typically found in businesses such as ad tech, e-commerce, gaming and large web and mobile businesses. Our customers use ClustrixDB for critical business applications that support massive transactional volume and real-time reporting of business performance metrics. ClustrixDB delivers more than 25 trillion transactions per month for customers including AOL, Flipkart, MakeMyTrip, Choxi, Photobox, Rakuten and Symantec. Headquartered in San Francisco, visit www.clustrix.com to learn more. Clustrix is trademarked in the United States. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners. Other product or company names mentioned may be trademarks or trade names of their respective companies. Media contact: clustrix@msrcommunications.com or 415-989-9000   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/clustrix-outscales-both-amazon-aurora-and-google-cloud-sql-300360188.html SOURCE Clustrix Related Links http://www.clustrix.com Oct 31, 2016, 08:00 ET Preview: Webinar: How to "Cyber Monday-proof" Your E-commerce Site My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Oct 31, 2016, 08:00 ETWebinar: How to "Cyber Monday-proof" Your E-commerce Site Oct 28, 2016, 16:03 ETClustrix Recognized in Gartner's 2016 Magic Quadrant for... Explore More news releases in similar topics Internet Technology Semantic Web Computer Electronics You just read: Clustrix Outscales both Amazon Aurora and Google Cloud SQL News provided by Clustrix Nov 10, 2016, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Review: Google Daydream View subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER INNOVATION INSIGHTS Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 2 hours Bid farewell to Lyft's pink mustache: bit.ly/2fuc4ZK Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 2 . Caption: Google Slide: 2 / of 2 . Caption: Google Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Peter Rubin. Peter Rubin Gear Date of Publication: 11.10.16. 11.10.16 Time of Publication: 9:00 am. 9:00 am Review: Google Daydream View The best things about the Daydream View, Google’s $79 mobile-driven virtual reality headset that comes out today, are what it isn’t: Complicated. Heavy. Expensive. Finicky. Most importantly of all, though, it’s not Cardboard. Google knows for Daydream to take off, the VR platform has to be as simple as as the assemble-it-yourself cheapo phone holster that’s brought so many people into immersive virtual worlds for the first time—just better. Much better. Much like the Google Pixel phone that powers it, the View is almost entirely featureless. Very unlike the Pixel, though—and unlike every other VR headset out there—the View manages to look and feel cozy. The eyebox is an uninterrupted swatch of soft heathered material. When you slip it over your head, a single wide fabric strap keeps everything secure, and a padded liner lets the headset rest snugly on your face without leaving pressure marks. The liner can even be removed and hand-washed—which, seriously, you may want to consider doing every now and then. Your T-zone will thank you. recommends 2016 Google Daydream View 8/10 Learn How We Rate Wired Comfortable for long spells. Feels good to the touch. Fast, responsive tracking—especially impressive after Cardboard's disappointing performance. A versatile controller that enhances every experience. Tired Unreliable NFC pairing. A launch slate that's overreliant on Google's own apps. Buy It Now   |  Google How We Rate 1/10A complete failure in every way 2/10Sad, really 3/10Serious flaws; proceed with caution 4/10Downsides outweigh upsides 5/10Recommended with reservations 6/10Solid with some issues 7/10Very good, but not quite great 8/10Excellent, with room to kvetch 9/10Nearly flawless 10/10Metaphysical perfection Flip down the faceplate, place your Pixel on the four contact points, and the View should recognize it immediately via NFC and prompt you to close the lid. “Should” being the operative word. If I’d recently restarted the phone, all happened as expected, but many times I needed to explicitly launch a VR app just to receive the prompt to place my Pixel in the View—and sometimes I got no prompt at all, leading to a frustrating game of Home Screen Bingo to see what would trigger the launch sequence. Google Once things start running, though, and the View is on your head, it (with a little help from you) pairs with the headset’s not-so-secret weapon: the companion controller. As my colleague David has already pointed out, the small pillbox-shaped device functions like a cross between the Apple TV’s remote and a Wiimote, though VR fans will find the Oculus Rift’s remote the handiest comparison. Yet, it’s an improvement on all of those, as well as handily eclipsing the touchpad-on-the-side-of-the-headset input scheme of the Samsung Gear VR, the View’s nearest competitor. It’s your all-in-one Daydream input device, taking various forms depending on what you’re doing. Because it’s motion-tracked, it act as a laser pointer, an aiming reticle, a flashlight, a wand, or just about anything you need it to be. Its buttons bring up in-game options or kick you back to an app-selection screen; a round area near the top for your thumb can function as a joystick, a rotary selector, or a swipe-able touchpad. It’s versatile, powerful, and while the pairing dropped a handful times during my testing, it enhances everything you do in Daydream. The first place you’ll use it is in Daydream’s pastoral home environment, a forest clearing with a waterfall to your right and a stream flowing nearby. In front of you hovers the same tiled selection of apps that has emerged as VR’s default UI. (Passing your controller’s selector over the icons in Daydream, though, triggers a nifty 3D animation.) Our review unit included a small selection of titles, from Google’s own products like Street View and YouTube VR to third-party games and experiences: astronomy exploration tool Star Chart is a standout, as is cute if inconsequential puzzle game Mekorama. Google The good news is that the vast majority of these are flawlessly comfortable experiences. The View might be significantly more wearable than a Google Cardboard viewer, but it’s still essentially the same thing: a phone holster with some lenses in it. There’s no focus wheel, no interpupillary distance adjustment—no input whatsoever. While the Samsung Gear VR has some onboard motion sensors and establishes a hard connection with the phone via its mini-USB jack, the View eschews all that, instead relying solely on the Pixel’s (and controller’s) internal sensors for all tracking. And it does so surprisingly well. My only brush with VR discomfort was in a mini-game collection called Wonderglade: something about the top-down view and the game’s detached camera control came together in unholy matrimony and turned what should have been a pleasant game of minigolf into a headache I’ve come to know as a precursor to simulator sickness. That’s the fault of the game design, though, not Daydream’s tracking. (By contrast, I found action-RPG Hunters Gate to be perfectly comfortable, despite needing to use my thumb and my controller in different ways—and looking around at my surroundings while doing both.) For all the good, keep in mind that this is still mobile VR. You can swivel in a chair or look up and down, but you can’t physically move through a virtual space. Fully positionally-tracked VR isn’t yet available in a standalone or mobile-driven headset; for now, if you want to be cable-free or avoid buying a PC or PlayStation 4 (and the multi-hundred-dollar headset to go with it), you’re looking at a somewhat constrained VR experience. But for a constrained VR experience, this is as good as I’ve seen. A Pixel XL’s Quad HD OLED screen delivers an image as good as you’ll get using a Galaxy phone with the Gear VR, and Google has done a lot of work to optimize the phone to deliver great VR. If you’re not a Verizon customer, you’ll need to wait until there’s a Daydream-ready phone on your own carrier, but that won’t be a long wait: as Google announced in May, at least eight different Android manufacturers, from Asus to Xiaomi, will be rolling out Daydream-capable phones. (There’ll even be other Daydream headsets eventually.) Daydream also has the benefit of coming nearly two years after the Oculus Store first launched. The VR pipeline is robust, and growing all the time. There are more than 40 other games, experiences and apps arriving on Daydream over the next two months, While many of those are already staples of most other VR platforms (Netflix, NYT VR, cartoonish racer VR Karts, the bomb-defusing game Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes), a healthy number of them are newcomers. That infusion of talent is integral to people not just buying in, but using VR. When Google first surprised us with its Cardboard viewer, it was 2014: the first version of the Samsung Gear VR was still months away. Simply by representing an affordable buy-in, Cardboard spawned a seemingly endless parade of cheap and easy (and, sure, mostly crappy) phone-based headsets. Google knew that the quality would come; it just wanted people to be willing to try VR. Now it’s got them there—and it’s giving them a better View. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. android Daydream google virtual reality Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear product review Review: Acer Swift 7 6 hours product review Review: Plantroincs BackBeat Pro 2 6 hours video Drone Off! GoPro Karma and DJI Mavic Pro Fly Head-to-Head 11.02.16 social media My Insane Adventure to Buy Snap’s New Spectacles 24 hours product review Review: Apple MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 1 day social media Twitter Is Adding New Filtering Tools in an Effort to Curb Abuse 3 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 2 hours Bid farewell to Lyft's pink mustache: bit.ly/2fuc4ZK Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 2 hours Bid farewell to Lyft's pink mustache: bit.ly/2fuc4ZK Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Wearables Google Google Pixel VR Virtual Reality Google Daydream View review: Can Pixel-power wake mobile virtual reality from its slumber? Android's gatekeeper vies for the mobile virtual reality crown. By Oliver Cragg November 10, 2016 14:26 GMT Google's Daydream platform debuts with the Daydream View for Google Pixel smartphones.IBTimes UK As 2016 edges to a close, it is safe to say that the 'virtual reality revolution' hasn't exactly come to pass in the way some tech experts predicted. While the elite VR market – occupied by the HTC Vive, Oculus Rift and PSVR – has been something of a tough sell to the average punter, virtual reality's largest stumble lies in the budget, entry-level market, where sub-£100 mobile VR headsets are ten a penny, but by and large not worth a tuppence. The daunting number of novelty smartphone-powered VR kits has reached absurd levels at this point, with more and more tech companies looking to ride the wave of the 'next big thing in tech', but only succeeding in further saturating an already muddled and confused emergent field. Enter Google. After paddling in the VR waters with Google Cardboard, the Alphabet company has decided to go all-in, providing mobile VR with a key ingredient in an attempt to end the nightmare; a platform called Daydream. The tech giant has also launched its own Daydream headset - the eye-catching Daydream View - which launches today (10 November). The question is: Can Google wake mobile VR from its slumber? Google Daydream View: Design Breaking free of the standard plastic-tastic mobile VR designs plaguing the market, the Daydream View's clothing-inspired construction is both bizarre and brilliant in equal measure. When passed around the office a colleague immediately compared the fabric finish to a pair of pyjamas - a fitting style considering its moniker. The result is an incredibly lightweight and portable HMD that makes a mockery of its closest rivals in the comfort stakes. Whether it's the soft, cushioned padding around the eyes or the cool, breathable material, strapping yourself into the Daydream View is as snug and enjoyable in the fifth minute as it is the fiftieth. One trade-off, however, is light leakage, as the base and sides of the Daydream View leave quite significant gaps around your peripherals and the nose area. This eases the issue of facial pressure, but in brightly lit areas the open space does result in pesky reflections on the lenses from time to time. Colour options include red, grey and a slightly lighter grey.Google Various smartphone manufacturers have pledged support for Daydream, which poses a design problem on paper considering the variety of devices with different dimensions that are expected to fit in the View. The front flap and overall design of the phone compartment abates a lot of these fears though, as a pair of stretchable plastic hinges results in a universal holder for your smartphone (and even those protected with a case). Multiple rubber pads also protect the phone from damage and hold it firmly in place. At no point during my head flailing antics did I think that the enclosed Pixel XL was in any danger of flying across the room. Finding a sweet spot on your head can take a few seconds when donning the Daydream View, but once you've found it you'll sometimes forget you even have it on. Google Daydream View: Setup, controls and display Now we come to Daydream View's killer feature - the motion controller. Anyone who has clasped their hands around a Nintendo Wii controller will be familiar with the Daydream View's three-axis pointer. In short, the "wand" makes the immediate Daydream experience an intuitive joy and trounces alternatives, such as Samsung's head-mounted D-pad on the Gear VR and other accelerometer-based control schemes. This isn't the first time we've seen a motion controller bundled with a budget VR headset, but its combination of a trackpad, a developer-configured contextual button, a home button and mostly accurate gesture recognition is simple, versatile and deeply satisfying to use. In a neat touch, the Google Daydream View controller can be stored in a little holder on the inside of front flap.Google The pointer can go wayward from time to time, however a quick reset (by holding the home button and facing the controller and display forward) fixes most niggles. This isn't always the case at the moment though, as there were more than a few occasions where the connection (via Bluetooth) seemed to suffer, resulting in the pointer going haywire for up to ten seconds. Hopefully a software update will put these issues to bed. In terms of the headset itself, the Daydream View sticks to the functionality established with its cut-price Cardboard and applies it on a grander scale. The lack of ports - unless you want to use headphones - removes much of the set-up faff. It's grab phone, click app, in the slot and go for the most part. As for the visuals, well, they are fine, and to be honest you can't ask for more considering the Daydream View retails at £69. Compared to the Vive or PSVR, the virtual reality experience of Daydream View and its mobile peers will always be found lacking due to field-of-view restrictions and hardware power, but it is worth noting that the choice of phone will effect the resolution. At launch, the roster of Daydream-compatible phones is limited to Google's Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones which sport 1080p and Quad HD displays respectively. As such, the latter provides crisper visuals. This will be the case for any smartphones that join the Daydream family in the future, so any potential buyers may want to be mindful of this in the coming months. Google Daydream View: Software, apps and games Pop on the Daydream View and you are greeted with an excellent introductory app that eases you into the Daydream experience. Past that what you are left with is a woodland-themed half-recreation, half-re-imagining of an Android app drawer on VR-scale. Scrolling panels with the trackpad works beautifully and the controller's pointer limits the amount of unnecessary head movement. One concern that quickly became apparent in our tests was the heat emanating from the phone itself. While you won't notice while lost in the many virtual worlds on offer, our Pixel XL was approaching marshmallow-roasting territory after a 30 minute stint - expect your phone's battery life to take a significant hit. An image of the Daydream home-screen.Google This also resulted in a serious case of lag in the garishly twee mini-game fest, Wonderglade. The carnival-themed free app (with in-app purchases) performs well for the most part, but the first-person 'Magic Mayhem' portion - where you slap projectiles out of the air with a magical staff - dropped to nausea-inducing latency levels, which only improved once the phone had cooled. In general though, mobile game-lovers will find plenty to enjoy here thanks to the Daydream View controller. The isometric shooter Hunters Gate, for example, uses the pointer as an aiming reticule, while the trackpad is used to direct your in-game avatar. With games like Gunjack 2 and Earthshape on the way - the latter from acclaimed Volume and Thomas Was Alone creator Mike Bithell - gaming on Daydream is making a bright start. Delving into Daydream's VR Play Store also offers up the experiential VR apps, and it's here that Daydream excels. Thanks to Google Cardboard and Google's Android suite as a whole, the Daydream View and the Daydream ecosystem have a solid base to work from and it shows. 360 degree videos on YouTube are a delight and the wealth of VR-friendly videos on the platform is growing by the day. You can travel to suggested landmarks in Street View VR or input an address using the controller.Google Google Photos and Google Arts & Culture fall a little flat, with neither your own snaps or the post-impressionist work of Van Gogh benefiting from the lowly resolution, but Street View in VR is still one of the best things to come out of the technology, as you globe hop back to holiday locations or check in on your childhood home with a full 360 degree visual span. Early signs of high-profile support are strong too, with apps from the BBC, Netflix, The Guardian, CNN and a fun-looking tie-in for Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them all coming to Daydream before the end of the year. Expect the list to expand even further when developer kits go out to third-parties in December. Our verdict Google Daydream View From the moment you first see and touch the Google Daydream View, the disparity between the new king of mobile virtual reality and its cookie-cutter rivals is obvious. For £69, Google Pixel onwers would be crazy to miss out, while the Pixel-less among us will likely not have long to wait until other manufacturers join the Daydream party. While the triumphs of its lightweight, delightfully tactile design and superbly intuitive controller are worthy of high praise, Daydream View's home run lies in its elegant balance of hardware and software - a symbiosis of product design and OS ecosystem that comes within milimeteres of achieving mobile VR's "iPhone moment". The Google Daydream View, controller and Google Pixel smartphone.Google More from IBTimes UK Google Pixel XL review: Alphabet goes all-in on top-tier smartphone Google Pixel tips and tricks: 10 hidden features you need to unlock 10 of the best cases for keeping your new Google Pixel safe and sound Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Paralysed ALS patient uses computer to speak with her mind Columnists Tom Brake MP “Brexit means Brexit? It's clear the Government hasn't got a clue READ MORE Snowden warns about expansion of spying powers in Trump's USA Donald Trump will inherit the most powerful surveillance programme in the world. Most people would rather have Wi-Fi than sex, chocolate or alcohol 40% of survey respondents identified Wi-Fi as their number one daily essential. CertiKOS: Yale develops world's first hacker-resistant operating system CertiKOS runs on multi-core processers and supports concurrency on multiple CPU cores to keep hackers out. Why Jaguar's use of VR means product launches will never be the same again Virtual reality and the HTC Vive made the press launch of the Jaguar I-Pace a refreshing change. Five most outrageous fake US election news stories promoted by Facebook and Google Have I got some fake news for you... Super Mario Run iOS release date set for 15 December Nintendo announces release date and price for anticipated mobile platformer. 17-year-old boy admits seven hacking offences in TalkTalk data breach Suspect charged with breaching the Computer Misuse Act 1990. Pokemon Sun and Moon has no gyms and no HMs – here's what replaces them Forget Kanto – Alola plays by a different set of rules. Brain implant lets ALS sufferer with locked in syndrome speak using only her mind Brain implant allows Dutch woman Hanneke de Bruijne to operate a speech computer wirelessly. The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild reportedly won't be a Nintendo Switch launch title Reports indicated game will not be ready for new console's March 2017 release. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
null
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps WhatsApp will continue to support BBOS and BlackBerry 10 until June 2017 November 15, 2016 Super Mario Run is launching on the iPhone and iPad on Dec. 15th for $13.99 November 15, 2016 Twitter adds new muting tools in an effort to curb harassment issue November 15, 2016 WhatsApp video calling now available to Canadian users November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps WhatsApp will continue to support BBOS and BlackBerry 10 until June 2017 November 15, 2016 Super Mario Run is launching on the iPhone and iPad on Dec. 15th for $13.99 November 15, 2016 Twitter adds new muting tools in an effort to curb harassment issue November 15, 2016 WhatsApp video calling now available to Canadian users November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close CBC explains why it wants to withhold podcast distribution from certain third-party apps Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Google Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Patrick O'Rourke November 10, 2016 9:00am Over the last few years, there’s been a lot of posturing about VR’s potential impact on how we consume media as well as our overall day-to-day lives. While I still believe in the power of virtual reality, I’m always the first to admit that we’re still a number of years out from the medium having a real impact on the average individual, with gaming being the primary driving force behind the burgeoning technology right now. The HTC Vive, arguably the most compelling VR solution on the market, along with the Oculus and its Touch controllers, are two expensive, high-end headsets tethered to even more expensive PCs. The barrier of entry for these devices is enormous right now and that’s not going to change anytime soon. Google Cardboard was a great low-cost start to Google’s VR dream, with Samsung building off the device’s momentum through its impressive but limited Gear VR. While the Gear VR — now in its second iteration — is the best affordable VR headset out there, it’s held back by the fact that a recent Samsung device is required to use it. This is the problem Google hopes to solve with Daydream View by building a universal, unified low-cost Android-based VR platform, both in terms of software and hardware. The resulting device is a solid start for the Mountain View, California-based company’s continued VR ambitions, though it’s clear that the headset itself still has a long way to go if it’s to reach its lofty goal of mainstream adoption, especially since the only two smartphones that Google has announced that currently support the headset are its expensive Pixel and Pixel XL (more devices are reportedly coming soon). It’s like wearing sweat pants on your face While Daydream View shares many similarities with Google Cardboard, as well as other low-cost VR headsets on the market right now, it distinguishes itself visually through its unique fabric look — which is admittedly a weird approach to consumer technology we rarely see. View looks like a standard virtual reality headset wrapped in a pair of comfy track pants, adopting a mesh material that covers the entire device. While some have scoffed at this aesthetic, in an industry full of hard, often angular, gray plastic or metal, the look Google has adopted with View feels welcoming and oddly familiar. The headset is also lightweight and features padded cushioning that runs the circumference of your face while wearing it, making View significantly more comfortable than Gear VR. It’s worth noting that View, unfortunately, doesn’t feature a top strap, which means unless you have it tightly attached to your face, it can easily slide up or down when moving your head around rapidly. While few launch Daydream View experiences require this type of interaction, this could change in the near future. Even with this issue, Daydream View remains one of the most comfortable headsets I’ve ever used, but its single strap isn’t enough to support the entire weight of the device, especially with the Pixel XL. This led me to often prop View up with my hand in order to stabilize and keep it in place, similar to what I was forced to do with Gear VR and Google Cardboard, resulting in light often making its way into the headset, detracting from the overall experience. Overall, Google is vying for something different with View’s look and as far as I’m concerned, the company has been very successful in terms of achieving this goal. View looks different from any VR headset before it and feels like a high-quality device, despite its relatively affordable $99 price tag. A motion-based controller also comes with the headset. While this inclusion may seem inconsequential, this small peripheral fundamentally changes the type of experiences developers can create for Daydream View The WiiMote-like wand, allows developers to create point-and-click-based interfaces in games, as well as simple motion interaction. The controller looks a lot like the Nexus player’s remote and controls somewhat similarly to a more inaccurate version of the HTC Vive’s wand remote, complete with a track pad located at its top that works as a direction input. Actions like twisting, tilting and moving are all tracked with an impressive level of accuracy. The inclusion of this remote right in the View’s box solves the Gear VR’s fundamental control problem. With Gear, given the fact that developers know some users won’t own a controller, apps and games need to be developed with a variety of input devices and controls schemes in mind. This is not a problem with the Daydream View thanks to its included controller. Fast and responsive One of the most impressive things about Daydream is the fact that the either the Pixel or Pixel XL just needs be placed in its front slot, which opens via a hinge that’s then held up with an elastic; there’s no tethering or syncing process required at all to get View up and running. All users need to do is place either the Pixel or Pixel XL in the VR headset to activate Daydream’s VR mode, giving users access to View’s VR OS and  a variety of apps. Practical obstacles still hold View back, however. For instance, wearing glasses with the headset is uncomfortable and unlike the Gear VR, there’s no way to change the focus of the View’s lenses. The only way to adjust focus is to move the headset up or down until the image becomes clear. Also, because the View is powered by the Pixel and Pixel XL, if the screen has dust on it, it’s going to show up on the screen when you’re using it. This means that ensuring the display is clear when you first pop it into Daydream View is important. This is an issue that Cardboard and the Gear VR also suffered from. View is significantly more responsive when it comes to head tracking, especially when compared to the Gear VR and Google Cardboard, because the entire point of Daydream is to create a universal hardware standard for Android virtual reality. The headset, however, doesn’t feature built-in speakers and the audio emitted from the Pixel doesn’t sound that great. This means that using headphones with the Pixel is a necessity to get accurate spacial audio, though the same can be said about almost every VR headset currently on the market. Where are the apps? The biggest issue with Daydream right now, at least at launch and possibly due to the limited preview build Google provided me with, is a lack of software currently available for the headset. YouTube is the most interesting app available for View, giving users a special section of the video platform exclusively designed for 360 degree video. Street View is also included in Daydream, allowing users to tour 150 different locations, as well as Google Arts & Culture, a curated selection of museums from around the world, with each of these apps being completely free. These are the type of apps I see the average user briefly checking out for a few hours and then rarely coming back to. They certainly have a significant amount of educational value though, so perhaps these are the types of experiences they would work better in a school setting. While the above apps are a great introduction to VR, they don’t really offer an experience beyond what the Gear VR or Cardboard offered users. The software currently available for the headset that’s been built from the ground up for Daydream, however, is more impressive, though there are only a few experiences available at launch (Google says this will change by the end of the year). Wonderglade transports players to a carnival-themed world full of classic games, allowing users to use the View’s controller to putt, tilt and spin through various levels. Various other apps, like Mekorama ($3.99 USD), Star Chart VR ($4.99) and Hunters Gate ($5.99), my favourite of the bunch — which also features co-op play over local WiFi — round out the View’s experience, with each game offering compelling gameplay. Hunters Gate, for example, utilizes the View remote’s contextual indented direction pad to move your character around from a top-down third-person perspective and is likely the best example of what video game developers are capable of creating for Google’s universal VR platform. In some ways the game reminds me of a simplified virtual reality version of Diablo. A promising start Google says more apps are coming to Daydream View, including video streaming services like Netflix and Jaunt VR, as well as over 23 games by the end of the year like Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes, Gunjack 2: End of Shift and Need for Speed: No Limits VR. So support for the headset does exist and more apps are on the way; it’s just a question of whether or not a healthy dose of game releases will continue into 2017. The other question surrounding Daydream is what upcoming smartphones will actually end up being VR-certified by Google, with the Pixel and Pixel XL being the only two devices on the market right now, the entire universal purpose of Google’s new VR platform is a moot point. This could change in the near future, but as it stands right now, the Daydream View is little more than an upgraded version of Google Cardboard that’s on par with Samsung’s Gear VR in terms of performance. View is a promising start for Google and, while I believe the headset could have a significant impact on the virtual reality industry, it’s going to be a number of months until we know if Google’s lofty ambitions actually come to fruition. Accountthis so if you have a non daydream supported phone this will just work like google cardboard? Smanny The Daydream VR headset will work with almost any smartphone that can fit in it. It supports sizes from 4.7″ to 6″. The Daydream VR controller is another story. But, sure you can use Cardboard apps as well. Patrick O’Rourke While this is true, it kind of defeats the purpose of Daydream VR. Mark What happened to Canadian release date of today? Its not listed in stock anywhere. Patrick O’Rourke It should be available on the Play Store. I don’t think Best Buy is stocking it yet. Adderbox76 Telus has a SKU in place for it, but nothing listed on their website as of yet and no prices has been announced. Smanny Well since there isn’t a lot of specific Daydream VR apps right now. For the stop gap you can still use all the Cardboard apps as well. So it’s not really defeating the purpose. As a matter of fact it’s increasing the Daydream VR headsets purpose. Richard Wangly The remote is “somewhat less accurate” than another product, but provides an “impressive level of accuracy”? I know those statements aren’t mutually exclusive, but that’s kind of confusing all the same. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology Reviews TechnologyOpinion Google Daydream View review: The best entry point to VR - but don't buy it just yet The Daydream virtual reality platform holds a huge amount of potential for Google, but only if users get the phones to go with it  Share  Comments ByJeff Parsons 15:03, 10 NOV 2016 Updated12:28, 11 NOV 2016 TechnologyOpinion (Photo: Google Daydream)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Google's Daydream View headset finally goes on sale in the UK today and there's plenty to recommend it. The headset itself costs £69 and comes bundled with a motion-sensitive remote control that can be used for navigation or gaming when you're strapped in. It's more expensive than Samsung's £60 rival Gear VR rival, but I'd argue it's worth paying that extra nine pounds. You can pick it up directly from Google or from EE or Carphone Warehouse. Before plonking down the cash however, beware that you're going to need the right smartphone to get the best out of it. That means, at the moment, you're stuck with Google's £599 Pixel. Read More This little-known Google Street View feature lets you travel back in time The new Google Pixel phone is displayed following a product event (Photo: AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Because the Daydream software is really integrated into the Android 7 operating system so you'll need an Android 7-running phone (and the Daydream app which is available today on the Play Store) to get the best out of it. Other phones running Android 7 will come in 2017 but for now it's only the Pixel and Pixel XL. Obviously there's no support for iPhones, but there's nothing to stop you using it as you would any other 'dumb' VR viewer with applicable third-party apps. Design (Photo: Google Daydream) Read More VR isn't just for gamers: Virtual reality ART exhibition will open in London next year The Daydream View headset is leaps and bounds ahead of Google Cardboard in terms of fit and comfort. For starters, it's got a headstrap. Rather than being made out of plastic like other headsets, it's crafted from fabric more akin to sportswear. Google says the Daydream View is 30% lighter than similar headsets and it can even be washed to keep it clean. It's available in three different colours: Crimson, slate and snow. Which means red, grey and white. It's a well thought-out and attractive design, but even so I experienced light leaking into the headset from around the nose. For best results, dim the lights around you while you use it. As mentioned above, the Daydream View comes with a small remote control that works a bit like the remote sticks for the Nintendo Wii. It tracks motion control and can be used to navigate menus and play games. There's a clever little hook inside the headset where you can store it when it's not being used. Content and usability (Photo: Google) Google's own stable of apps, including YouTube and Street View have already been configured to work with the platform, and you can use the remote to work your way through the apps. One of the big third-party "experiences" is the VR tie-in with JK Rowling's Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. It has you using the remote to cast spells that in turn solve puzzles. There are also a few different games to play with. I tried one called Wonderglade which comprises a set of mini games such as moving the remote control to tilt and guide a ball around a virtual tabletop. Daydream view (Photo: Google) Another experience has you stepping inside the Natural History Museum to learn about sea-dwelling dinosaurs. Outside of strict virtual reality, Netflix and Google Play Movies will work with the headset and allow you to watch standard 2D content on a big screen in front of your eyes. The 360-degree vision of Daydream VR isn’t as seamless or crisp as the HTC Vive or Oculus Rift, but then it is several hundred pounds cheaper, so bear that in mind. The Pixel phone also got quite hot during usage and - as you would expect - using VR pounds the battery. Read More Google's Halloween game doodle lets you fight ghosts with a spell-casting cat called Momo In terms of usability, compared to the PlayStation VR's headband design, the Daydream headset felt heavy strapped to my face with a smartphone inside it. Even though it’s one of the lightest headsets available (and much comfier than the plethora of plastic headsets around), it still took a few seconds to adjust to the weight pulling my face forward. The only other thing I found is that audio is a bit quiet if you're using it without any headphones. Pair it with a good set of wireless earbuds though and you can happily block off the real world for a while. Not too long though, or you'll find yourself with a headache and eye strain. The bundled controller is a masterstroke from Google because it allows you a point of reference within the virtual world. Read More Google Pixel phone stripped down by tech experts (Photo: Google Daydream) The tracking wasn't 100% on point, but it’s a much better system than trying to select menus using the accelerometer inside the phone. The remote itself is a bit smaller than a Roku or Amazon Fire Stick remote control but feels light and comfortable in your hand. Like many other newer gadgets, it charges via USB Type-C. Conclusion (Photo: Google Daydream) Read More Google Pixel on sale - Best deals and prices on EE, Vodafone, O2 and Carphone Warehouse If you're an Android phone user and have a passing interest in VR then getting the Daydream View is a no-brainer. However, I'd recommend holding off on buying it right away because of the lack of available phones. Developers have been working on it since May, so there's not going to be any shortage of stuff to do on it. But I still reckon it's worth waiting until 2017 and seeing what other phone manufacturers do with it on their own handsets. Of course, if you're one of the people that rushed out and got a Pixel right away then there's nothing to stop you getting a Daydream View headset now. It obviously isn't among the true virtual reality powerhouses like the Vive or Rift, but at £69 (plus phone) it's a tempting purchase. The price, features and content all serve to make this the best entry point for anyone interested in virtual reality. Buy the Daydream View headset from Google here Read More Virtual reality Veteran VR Batman in VR Art in VR Sky VR PlayStation VR review Oculus Rift on sale HTC Vive review Zuckerberg's viral picture Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Google Pixel Virtual reality Reviews tech all Most Read Most Recent TechnologyWhatsApp finally launches the feature EVERYONE wants - and it has consequences for Facebook, Google and Apple Video calling has finally been made available on the platform, putting it into competition with Messenger, Duo and FaceTime NintendoNintendo Classic Mini NES sells out in days as gamers rush to buy cheap and cheerful retro console Dodgy Amazon sellers have been jacking up the prices to try and cash in on demand NintendoNintendo Mini NES Classic Edition: Release date, price, games and how to pre-order Mario's nostalgic new console Nintendo is going back to the glory days with this brand new version of the classic NES console - here's everything you need to know about it CGIJohn Lewis Christmas advert 2016: Experts reveal technical wizardry behind nation's favourite commercial Creating a photo-realistic boxer dog and making him bounce on a trampoline is just as tricky as you'd expect SmartphonesMirror Online has a new look - this is what we've changed Mirror.co.uk has switched to a fully responsive design, to give you the best experience whatever the size of your screen Which?Are phone and tablet software updates 'sapping' your battery life and storage space? Consumer watchdog Which? claims the major annual changes can hit phone and tablet storage too, after reports Microsoft's Windows 10 upgrade crashed or froze some devices GoogleSundar Pichai keynote LIVE: Watch Google boss reveal his latest plans for investment in the UK Sundar Pichai will speak at the company's new office in London, King's Cross at 6pm tonight AppleApple's next product could be a pair of Google Glass-style augmented reality specs Can Apple succeed where Google failed? The company is believed to be working on a new kind of wearable device TechnologyTwitter strikes back against internet trolls with new 'mute' and 'report abuse' tools New tools are designed to give users more power to defend themselves against online abuse SupermoonLeonid Meteor Shower 2016 - When is it, how to watch in UK and more dates of astronomical events including Jupiter next to the moon This weekend the red planet will be visible next to the crescent moon but astronomers and stargazers will have plenty more to see above the UK in November - including the biggest supermoon in 70 years Most Read Most Recent World newsLost Vincent van Gogh sketchbook contains 65 drawings from artist's 'most important years' The sketchbook - which is set to be published today - contains drawings from his most significant period while he was living in France TV NewsDanniella Westbrook confesses to new overdose and drugs relapse as viewers are shocked at her appearance The mum-of-two told This Morning that she took pills when she overdosed and "didn't think about" what effect it would have on her kids TV NewsI'm a Celebrity jungle on lockdown as EIGHT deadly spiders found inside the camp Eight Funnel Web spiders, which can kill in just 15 minutes, were discovered in the jungle camp Row ZedConor McGregor embarrasses girl on Instagram, so she immediately returns the favour After his win over Eddie Alvarez, The Notorious was in a playful mood - unfortunately for one fan UK NewsPolice hunting for missing RAF serviceman Corrie McKeague close one lane of busy road in search bid A mile and a half stretch of the eastbound A14 in Suffolk was shut today as search teams combed for clues about the gunner's disappearance Columbia UniversityIvy League sports dealt another blow as New York's Columbia University suspends men's wrestling team over 'racist, homophobic' texts The men's wrestling team at Columbia University is being investigated for the content of messages sent between team-mates Premier League relegationIs the Premier League the most competitive in the world? Top-flight compared to divisions in Europe It appears a number of leagues have just a couple of good sides - but how close do English sides finish compared to those on the continent? ToysMum creates her own 'natural-looking' doll range after blasting 'unrealistic' Bratz and Barbie toys Emma Cayley, a mum of two, created Devon Rescue Dolls using recycled dolls and gives them realistic eyebrows, smaller eyes and thinner and smaller mouths Justin BieberJustin Bieber takes SIX girl fans back to his room after gig in Czech Republic A casting call on social media asked for "eight pretty girls for a dinner and party with Justin B" Planet EarthPlanet Earth II music revealed! Composer is maestro behind Inception and Gladiator The music for the series was composed by musical maestro Hans Zimmer Top Stories SkincareEczema sufferer who felt like 'monster' after quitting cream addiction finally has clear skin Mum-of-two Melanie Lynch has revealed "living hell" she went through going cold turkey with the steroid treatment which make her skin burn and ooze UK NewsTeenager killed himself after being tortured by 'fake Facebook girlfriend who he broke up with', inquest told Mitchell Bowie was found dead at the age of 18 by his devastated brother and family believe social media girlfriend 'told him to do it' FamilyWhy you should NEVER feed your baby water - and how it could be fatal if you do There are plenty of warnings and advice about giving your baby water. Here's what you need to know UK NewsFabric nightclub ecstasy death teen hallucinated and 'mumbled "Daniel Sturridge" moments before cardiac arrest' One pal told the court: "Fabric was always known to us as the club to go to in London if you wanted to take ecstasy, because of the music and feedback from other people" CarsChinese vase bought for £10 at Hampshire car boot sale fetches £61,000 at auction A bargain hunter snapped up the pot 'because it looked interesting' - before realising it was such a rare gem BrexitEU referendum 'was not legally binding on Parliament' says Supreme Court judge Lady Hale's comment in a wide speech echoes Nigel Farage and Gina Miller, both of whom said the EU referendum was not strictly binding in law UK NewsPolice hunting for missing RAF serviceman Corrie McKeague close one lane of busy A-road A mile and a half stretch of the eastbound A14 in Suffolk was shut today as search teams combed for clues about the gunner's disappearance Weird NewsKids try to replicate John Lewis Christmas ad – things go spectacularly wrong We think there'll be a lot of kids testing their trampolines' durability thanks to a certain John Lewis advert TripadvisorFurious restaurant boss has perfect response to 'vile' Tripadvisor reviewer claiming to be paté expert Owner hits back and says; "Let me know if you do want to come again and I’ll serve paté in a Martini glass garnished with rocket and sparklers!" Donald TrumpTeacher fired after being recorded telling students their parents will be deported by Donald Trump One student with an undocumented parent said: “I worry about my dad because I had a nightmare that he wasn’t with me any more" CCTVTeens 'stab shopkeeper in face after they're asked for ID to buy cigarettes' The teens allegedly attacked the assistant leaving him with a stab wound to the left side of his face, while another employee had a bottle smashed over their head MauryBrazen babysitter sends dad-of-three naked picture and tells wife: “I was here first” The 23-year-old had looked after his children years before he married again News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The highlight of Google's Daydream VR is ... its controller By Associated Press Published: 10:56 EST, 10 November 2016 | Updated: 10:57 EST, 10 November 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — The best thing about Google's new virtual-reality headset isn't the headset at all. In fact, Daydream View would pale compared with Samsung's Gear VR headset were it not for Daydream's controller, a handheld device that responds to gestures and other motion. With Gear VR, I have to move my head to point a cursor at something, then reach for a button on the headset. With Daydream, I can just aim and click the controller in my hand. Sensors in the device tell the headset what I'm trying to do, whether it's swinging a tennis racket or casting a fishing rod. The headset's display responds accordingly. FILE - In this Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, file photo, Clay Bavor, Google vice president of virtual reality, talks about the Daydream View virtual-reality headset during a product event, in San Francisco. Google¿s Daydream View virtual-reality headset sets itself apart by including a handheld controller that responds to gestures and other movement. It¿s a fine device for its price, but it still needs more apps to make its potential more than a dream. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File) The headset and controller are sold together for $79, starting Thursday. No rush in getting one, though, as the virtual experiences built for Daydream are still limited. And for now, it works only with Google's Pixel phone . ___ THE MANY FLAVORS OF VIRTUAL REALITY While sophisticated systems like Facebook's Oculus Rift and HTC's Vive let you walk around in the virtual world, Daydream View is a sit-down experience in which you use the controller to move yourself around. (You could walk around with the Daydream on if you wanted to, but you won't go anywhere in virtual space — and you might run into the wall.) But the Rift and the Vive each costs more than $1,500, once you include powerful personal computers they require. Suddenly, $79 sounds like a bargain. Daydream stays cheap by using the display and processing power of your phone, which you insert into the headset at eye level. Gear VR, at $100, takes a similar approach, but it works only with Samsung phones. While Daydream works only with Pixel for now, several other Android makers plan to make compatible phones. Sorry, iPhone users. Those without compatible phones still have Google Cardboard, a $15 contraption you hold up to your face. Using Daydream View, by contrast, is more like wearing goggles. While Gear VR has a better fit, with focusing and a second strap over your head to keep the headset from sliding too low, Daydream is much more comfortable to wear and use than Cardboard. ___ ALL ABOUT THAT CONTROLLER Those who've played Nintendo's Wii system will find the Daydream controller familiar. It's about the size and shape of a chocolate bar, and it has motion sensors to track movement. Although I'm not a big gamer, I enjoyed shooting water out of a hose to put out fires. You simply hold a button to spray and move the controller around to douse flames. You can even tilt the controller to control the angle of the hose. Another app lets you explore the universe by using the controller as a laser pointer to bring up more information. The controller makes it easier to navigate menus without making yourself dizzy; just move it around to point at things. And while getting the full 360-degree experience of VR often requires spinning around (a swivel chair helps), some apps in Daydream let you grab the scene with your controller and drag it around you, just as you would with a PC mouse. It's also handy to have volume controls and a home button in your hand rather than on your head. ___ NAUSEA FREE? VR can be nauseating, and Daydream is no different. I found that it's less about the headset, and more about the VR video. The best videos use stationary cameras and let you move your head (or controller) around to explore. The nauseating ones tend to treat VR cameras like regular movie cameras , with a lot of panning in response to a subject's movements. The viewer, not the subject, should be the one doing the moving. And while I enjoyed watching a woman's skydive in VR on YouTube, scenes of her preparing to jump felt jarring because the camera was on her shaky arm. I had to remove my headset. ___ WHAT'S THERE TO DO? You can view 360-degree YouTube videos and any 360-degree photos you store on Google Photos. You can visit other destinations such as the Galapagos Islands in a 360-degree version of Google's Street View. A few games, museum artworks and The Wall Street Journal's app were also available to try out prior to Thursday's launch. A handful more are coming Thursday. Even more are promised by the end of the year, including apps for Netflix and Hulu — though all that does is offer video on a giant screen in a virtual living room. There's much more available for Cardboard. Unfortunately, app developers will need to make some tweaks first to make them compatible with Daydream. They'll need to do even more to take advantage of the motion control. Daydream has promise, but until more apps arrive, its potential is still a dream. FILE - In this Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, file photo, Dan Howley tries out the Google Daydream View virtual-reality headset and controller following a product event, in San Francisco. Google¿s Daydream View virtual-reality headset sets itself apart by including a handheld controller that responds to gestures and other movement. It¿s a fine device for its price, but it still needs more apps to make its potential more than a dream. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File) FILE - In this Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, file photo, Clay Bavor, Google vice president of virtual reality, talks about the Daydream View virtual-reality headset during a product event, in San Francisco. Google¿s Daydream View virtual-reality headset sets itself apart by including a handheld controller that responds to gestures and other movement. It¿s a fine device for its price, but it still needs more apps to make its potential more than a dream. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Can even cause blindness Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Tech MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Review: The Smart Oven That Can (Kind Of) Cook for You The History of Recycling in America Is More Complicated Than You May Think Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Is People’s Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 Why I Became an LGBTI Activist in a Country Where Homosexuality Is Illegal 30 Years of Beastie Boys: A Photographer Recalls the Early Days The Inside Story Behind Tinder’s New Gender Options Donald Trump’s Victory Could Jeopardize Roe v. Wade Abortion Ruling Lyft Is Adding a Dashboard Light and Ditching the Pink Mustache Facebook Is Banning Fake News Websites From Generating Advertising Revenue John Oliver, Amy Schumer, Nick Offerman, Weird Al and More Bid 2016 a Not Fond Farewell TIME Tech Virtual Reality What It’s Like to Use Google’s First Virtual Reality Headset Lisa Eadicicco @lisaeadicicco Nov. 10, 2016 SHARE It has lots of potential, but it needs more apps and games + READ ARTICLE The good: Affordable, Comfortable to wear, Portable, Remote supports motion controls The bad: Limited selection of apps, Only works with Daydream-ready Android phones, Makes Pixel phone run hot Who should buy: Android fans interested in virtual reality who don’t mind having a smaller selection of apps to choose from The most surprising announcement to come from Google’s big annual I/O event in 2014 wasn’t its brand new Android design or its plan to bring affordable smartphones to the developing world. Rather, it was a folded bundle of cardboard that turned into a smartphone-powered virtual reality headset, aptly called Google Cardboard. Fast forward two years and Google’s broader ambitions for virtual reality are finally coming into focus. Google’s Daydream View headset, which it unveiled in October, is the company’s first real attempt at bringing high-quality VR to the Android ecosystem. Along with the new Pixel smartphone and Home smart speaker, the Daydream View is one of several new hardware products Google has created in-house, marking a considerable change in strategy for a firm which has historically relied more heavily on hardware partners to create Google-branded gadgets. The $79 Daydream View is a direct competitor to the $99.99 Samsung Gear VR. Both offer entry-level virtual reality, and require a smartphone to operate. But Google’s headset differs from rivals like the Gear VR in a few key ways: it’s made of a soft fabric meant to feel like clothing rather than technology, and it comes with a remote control that supports motion tracking, enabling more convincing VR experiences. These factors put the Daydream View instantly ahead of some of its competitors. But Samsung’s headset benefits from an expansive library of content. Plus, Google’s headset only works with Android phones that support the Daydream platform. For now, that’s just Google’s own Pixel. But the firm is working with companies like Samsung, HTC, LG and more to bring more Daydream-compatible devices to market. Here’s a closer look at what it’s like to use Google’s Daydream View virtual reality headset. Comfort and setup The Daydream View’s cushioned interior feels comfortable and lightweight, which should be a plus for marathon VR sessions. The fit is similar to a ski mask, while the padded material makes it much more comfortable to wear than plastic headsets. Google’s headset is also considerably smaller than Samsung’s Gear VR, making it easier to carry around in a purse or backpack. Google Setting up the Daydream View is exceptionally easy. Just pop open the phone tray, set your handset down, and it will automatically load the Daydream app. (If you haven’t yet installed app, your phone will prompt you to do so once it’s on the tray.) Unfortunately, the phone doesn’t automatically quit the Daydream app when you remove the phone from its holster. The Daydream View is less complicated than other VR veiwers. After setting your mobile device on the open Daydream View, you just fold up the tray and loop the stretchy band around the tiny knob at the top of the headset to close it. There aren’t any clasps or latches to fiddle around with. The inside of Google’s goggles also include a space for storing the remote control when the headset isn’t in use. Using It Navigating the Daydream interface is like flipping through channels on a big-screen TV. Since the remote includes motion sensors, you can point at an app and click to open it, which makes maneuvering around in VR easy even for newcomers. Google and some other developers have found creative ways to use the motion controller in their apps and games. With Google’s Arts and Culture app, for instance, wearers can closely examine specific parts of paintings by swiping on the controller’s touchpad. The puzzle game Mekorama requires players to rotate and drag parts of the stage in order to complete the level. In early demonstrations of the Daydream View, Google showcased how its remote can transform into a magic wand in Fantastic Beasts, an upcoming game based on J.K. Rowling’s Harry Potter spinoff. The controller worked smoothly during most of my time using the Daydream View. It did go wonky once or twice, but pressing the home button fixed any issues. Google Google’s headset supports 10 apps at launch, with 41 more scheduled to arrive before the end of the year. The first batch includes news apps, puzzle and action games, and VR-ready versions of Google services like YouTube, Google Photos, and Street View, among others. In many cases, these apps translate well to VR (The Wall Street Journal’s app includes interactive 360-degree documentaries). Google particularly focused on optimizing the video experience for virtual reality by releasing a new YouTube VR app for Daydream View. It’s surprisingly useful for more than just watching 360-degree videos; YouTube VR makes it feel like you’re in a movie theater rather than just staring at a smartphone screen when watching standard videos. Still, I didn’t find the experiences compelling enough to use the Daydream View for more than 20 minutes at a time. Samsung’s Gear VR, by comparison, already offers several games that can keep me busy for some time. Some games, specifically those from VR firm Oculus’ app store, do more to take advantage of virtual reality’s unique characteristics, offering experiences impossible to replicate in typical games. Omega Agent simulates the feeling that you’re soaring over a cityscape with a jetpack, while Dead Secret challenges players to carefully search their surroundings for clues to solve a murder mystery. Both apps give Gear VR wearers a first person vantage point. The titles I played on the Daydream View often incorporated motion controls and were shown in 360 degrees, but the other than that, the experience didn’t feel much different than gaming on a phone or TV. Watching videos and playing games through the Google’s crisp viewer was generally enjoyable, and I didn’t have to adjust the headset much to get the focus just right. But sometimes subtle glowing white dots were visible in the background, which can make the virtual environment seem less realistic and immersive. My Google Pixel smartphone also got alarmingly warm even after using the headset for just 15 to 20 minutes. Conclusion With the Daydream View, Google is clearly hoping to make virtual reality accessible to more people. The View is cheaper than similar viewers, more comfortable to wear, and incorporates motion control. But those advantages won’t matter until developers create apps that make people want to strap into their VR headsets for more than a few minutes. The Daydream has a long way to go to catch up to the Gear VR in that regard — Samsung’s headset is compatible with hundreds of apps. Regardless, the low price makes Google Daydream a tempting purchase for those who want a good accessory for their Pixel phone. Even if the app selection is limited, that $79 essentially turns your phone into a big-screened TV for watching movies and YouTube videos, at the very least. 3.5 out of 5 stars Click here to buy the $79 Daydream View Click here to buy the $99.99 Samsung Gear VR Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
null

Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google Daydream View Review By Juan Carlos Torres - November 10, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Google has always had the habit of naming things only to have them change later. Or deprecate earlier products for something almost exactly the same. Or reusing a name meant for a different, but thankfully obscure, thing. In the case of its Daydream VR platform, and its Cardboard predecessor, it was all of the above. Somewhat adding to the confusion is the Daydream View headset that is launching today for everyone to experience how Google interprets virtual reality from the vantage point of a smartphone. Is it a tech toy, a fashion accessory, or a passing fad? We take a dive into the made-up world to find out. The Gear In addition to artificial intelligence and personal assistants, one of Google’s more recent interests has been fabrics. Particularly the fusion of technology and textile, which comes in a rather strange way in the Daydream View, the headset designed to showcase Google’s Daydream virtual reality platform. It’s no Project Soli or Jacquard, but it’s a strong testament to how technology can be made more human, even with just a pinch of fashion. Google is no stranger to VR goggles, having kicked off more than a dozen of them with Google Cardboard. But while Cardboard’s main thrust was on accessibility and affordability, Daydream View’s focus is on comfort and ease of use. And, surprisingly, it works! The headset itself is comfortable to wear and even to hold, thanks to the materials used. Yes, that includes the fabric that covers the outside of the headset. Not everyone might be impressed by the aesthetics, but you have to admit, it’s a head turner. The comfort extends even to those who wear glasses, a scenario often overlooked even by more expensive VR equipment. It’s not perfect, mind, more like some extra space allocated for spectacles. But it’s a start. Comfort and ease of use applies to the actual operation of the Daydream View. Just drop (not literally, of course) your smartphone in, wear the headset, and you’re good to go. No fiddling with settings, no turning of dials. The good news is that it makes using the Daydream View dead simple. The bad news is that you’ll have to trust Google’s research and conclusions about the ideal distance from screen to eyes. It’s not exactly a one size fits all setup, but it’s not that customizable either. As interesting, or odd, as the Daydream View might be, it really stands out from Google’s previous Cardboard attempts through one critical piece: the controller. Take care not to consider it an accessory, as it is a necessary part of the whole Daydream experience. After all, you need it to be able to interact with the virtual world at all. Unlike the likes of, say, the HTC Vive, the Daydream View controller only comes in one piece and looks more like a traditional, minimalist remote control. Almost like a thicker Apple TV remote, some might add. Unlike those as well, this controller is extremely light, almost too light. But it’s also simple to use and, after a brief orientation with how to use the device, almost feels like second nature. The controller does have one oddity that more seasoned VR users might find a bit disconcerting, which will tackle in a while. That said, it’s still a worthwhile compromise between having two, massive, hefty, and complicated controllers and having none at all. The Apps If you were expecting the Daydream View to launch with dozens of new VR experiences, you might be sorely disappointed. In fact, this might be the biggest chink in Daydream’s armor. Compared to big VR platforms like Vive, Oculus, and PS VR, mobile VR like Google Cardboard and even the Gear VR’s Oculus version felt more like hors d’oeuvre rather than the main course. The launch apps can be grouped into two sets. The first naturally comes from Google itself. YouTube VR and Google Arts & Culture VR have just recently been released ahead of the Daydream View’s launch. Play Movies, Photos, and Street View have also been updated in preparation for the plunge into virtual reality. The actual experience with these apps, however, leaves you with mixed feelings. Of the five, YouTube VR and Arts & Culture VR unsurprisingly offer the full virtual reality experience, allowing users complete 360-degree freedom of movement and view to enjoy content specifically designed to take advantage of the technology. In YouTube VR’s case, it’s for viewing spherical videos. Arts & Culture VR, on the other hand, allows you to virtual roam around museums at your own pace. On the other hand, Google Play Movies simply superimpose a flat, 2D video on a 360-degree “theater”. Those who have experienced the Gear VR’s video player will be familiar with this scenery. It makes it look like you’re watching in a theater or living room, but that’s as far as it goes. Play Movies, however, has no support for 3D videos, which is an odd omission at launch. As for third-party titles, many have signed up but only a notable few are present. Taking advantage of any free publicity before its debut on the big screen, Fantastic Beasts (and where to find them) will be landing on your face first. Mekorama, Hunters Gate, and The Turning Forest make up the rest of the games selection for Daydream View. On a more serious note, there’s CNN VR and The Guardian VR, the latter easily mistaken for a news VR app. It is not, and you’d be surprised to be looking from inside a VR prison cell if you presumed it as such. The Experience Despite the dearth of launch titles, the Daydream View experience is solid and smooth, but not without a few kinks. The headset works as advertise, seemingly operating on automatic when you slot in the smartphone. As to what smartphone that is, for now, only the Google Pixel qualifies. Google has recently revealed its requirements for Daydream-compatible handsets, and, suffice it to say, they are not at all trivial. Aspiring devices must have the muscle to drive, at the very least, a 1080p display at a consistent 60 Hz refresh rate and no more than 3 ms of latency. Of course, the screen must offer that much as well. A few OEMs have already boasted of Daydream-ready smartphones. We’ll finally see for ourselves if they actually make the cut. Curiously, it will not be the headset itself that will catch the biggest attention. It will be the controller, and for good reason. For one, it offers a level of control previously unavailable on the Google Cardboard. But it’s how it works that will probably leave the most lasting impression on users. Unlike the Vive or Oculus Rift, the Daydream View, naturally, doesn’t exactly map the real world location of the controller to its virtual counterpart. Instead, most of the time you will have a representation of the controller always in the middle of your view, like a wand that’s always in sight. The Pixel, since the headset has no sensors, uses the controller’s sensors to determine orientation and movement. That might work for something like Fantastic Beasts, where you will indeed use a wand. For other cases, however, it might be a bit odd at first, but you eventually get used to it. Again, better than having “no hands” in VR at all. And, yes, the “pointer” can actually be themed to fit the setting, so it won’t always be a stick. Photo courtesy of SlashGear Sadly, that same controller was also the source of some of our annoyances, particularly the controller’s touchpad. It wasn’t entirely accurate, missing out some gestures or sometimes even completely ignoring them. Fortunately, those were far and few in between and could possibly be fixed by firmware updates. Wrap-up As always, the question boils down to “buy or skip”. At $70, just a few dollars down from the controller-less Samsung Gear VR ($100), it might seem like a steal. And perhaps you should go out and buy one, but only if you’re one of them early adopters and aspiring tinkerers. If you fancy yourself more as a regular consumer of content, it might be wiser to save that money for later. The Daydream View is admittedly an interesting device, one that is trying to poke at the edges of the mobile VR market to see how far it can go. The automatic adjustment and easy setup will appeal to most users, even if the textured facade might turn off some. The inclusion of a controller is also key in improving the experience and we are likely to see a lot more Daydream viewers following Google’s lead. But a VR headset is only as good as its VR platform. And, sad to say, Google Daydream just isn’t there yet. And to be blunt, neither was Cardboard anyway. Both, especially with Daydream’s sparse collection of VR apps and games, feel more like a showcase and appetizer for something grander. Something that just hasn’t arrived yet. With the Daydream platform, Google is promising to make a serious investment on smartphone-powered virtual reality. And while the Daydream View is proof of that endeavor, we still have to wait and see if Daydream will really be more than a daydream. TAGS Daydream Daydream View Google Daydream Review virtual reality VR Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,397FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,086FollowersFollow 59,344SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Google Daydream View review: A Pixel-perfect VR experience? Elyse Betters and Mike Lowe10 November 2016VR Pocket-lint 4.0 stars £69 (Pixel phone sold separately) For Affordable and easy-to-use access point into VR (if you have the right phone), comfortable fit beyond any competitor, decent array of day one titles (again, affordable if not free) Against Only Google Pixel phones compatible for time being, can slip down due to lack of overhead strap, needs more titles to truly thrive Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google has a mobile virtual reality platform, Daydream, which now has a headset to go with it. It's called Daydream View. But with a market already full of VR headsets that range from affordable DIY kits compatible with phones through to head-mounted computers that deliver higher-end graphics, will Daydream thrive or fail? We think Daydream View's success will boil down to the content that's available for it through Android and the breadth of compatible devices. And right now that's not a whole lot. So here's what we make of Daydream View after playing for a long weekend paired with the Pixel XL. What phones are compatible with Daydream View? Pixel and Pixel XL only compatible phones Daydream app from Android 7.1 and up Unlike Oculus Rift and other expensive headsets like HTC Vive, Daydream View depends on a Pixel phone to act as the display and processing guts behind the whole experience. Pocket-lint What is specific, however, is device compatibility. At launch, Daydream View will work with the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones (in part as these both run Google's Android 7.1 operating system), but the compatible device base will expand over the coming months (the rumoured OnePlus 3T is a likely addition, for example). With no separate computer required, Daydream View is truly mobile. No annoying wires to be found, and no tether to trip you up. It's a similar design concept to Samsung's Gear VR, although that's an altogether more plasticky setup that's only compatible with some Samsung phones. How does Daydream VR differ from Google Cardboard? Material build for comfort Adjustable strap for hands-free fit One-handed controller included Let's rewind for a second. In 2014, Google launched its first foray into VR, Google Cardboard. The name wasn't a misnomer either: Cardboard is, indeed, based around a hold-it-to-your-face cardboard construction, again with a compatible phone slotted inside. Daydream View is so much more than that. It's different from Cardboard in that it's Android-only and has a set of minimum standards that will ensure image quality, responsiveness, and lag times are significantly better than Cardboard. Hence the current phone compatibility limitations. Pocket-lint Daydream View is differentiated from some other VR headsets, as it comes with a multi-button handheld remote in the box. This lets you interact with games and experiences. It's a one-handed controller, rather than a proper gaming-style controller, so it's easy to use even if you've never gamed. The "welcome" setup demo is a great way of getting familiar with it. Daydream View headset comfort and fit 202 x 116 x 93mm size Slate, snow and crimson colours While the Samsung Gear VR is made of a hard plastic shell, Daydream is made of cushy cloth, with plush, foam innards. It's super comfortable. Actually, it's the most comfortable VR headset we've yet worn. And we've worn many. Google said it built Daydream View with the help of a shoe and apparel manufacturer, and that's obvious when thinking about it. There around a choice of three colours too: slate, snow, and crimson (we can't help but think moccasins, ballet, and stilettos now). Pocket-lint The headset itself involves no construction out of the box; it's a single piece with an elasticated front flap for slotting in a phone. Although the headset has a plastic frame for rigidity, you can't see it. The sides are firm yet flexible. The face mask is microfibre and attaches via Velcro, so you can take it off and scrub it clean by hand. One point that's both an upside and downside is that Daydream View has just one adjustable strap. It can be tightened by pulling two buckles along its length. That makes it easy to put on compared to other VR devices. However, it is prone to slip a little down the face, even when secured tight. If there was a top strap, like on the Oculus VR or original Gear VR, it would obviously sit much better on the face. We used the Daydream View with a Pixel XL for this review. Its 5.5-inch 2560 x 1440 resolution looks super crisp, and the whole device easily tucks behind the front panel. It does protrude a bit though, so the normal Pixel will look neater, but the smaller phone sacrifices display resolution (as it's 1920 x 1080). Pocket-lint One thing we really noticed was how hot the Pixel XL phone got after, say, 20 minutes of Daydream use. It wasn't kind on the phone's battery life either. How to setup Daydream View Embedded NFC chip for auto-activation Daydream app hub free to download We received Daydream View pre-launch, with a Google backdoor to access the Daydream app - so your experience may differ slightly to ours. But that shouldn't be an issue, as View is a total doddle to setup. Step one: download the Daydream app. Step two: slot the phone into the View and secure with the elastic bungee. That's it. The embedded NFC chip will make the phone automatically switch into the Daydream interface (with half the screen designated per eye). Pocket-lint View has two capacitive bumps to determine where your phone is positioned, and so the image automatically aligns itself. Things should be in focus from the get go, which is something you certainly don't get with Cardboard. If there are any problems with calibration during use, then the remote control's Home button can be pressed and held to reposition the centre view. A quick, simple, and sensible solution. What can the Daydream View remote do? Integrated trackpad for swipe input Three primary button controls Built-in battery; USB-C charging Daydream View is defined by its controller: the oblong-shaped plastic wand with a clickable and swipable trackpad, two menu buttons, and a volume rocker. Pocket-lint It acts as an input device, as there's no motion-tracking capabilities, but it has internal sensors that can tell where it is pointing - which is used for lots of point-and-click tasks. Such a controller takes a little getting used to at first, but the walk-through welcome within the Daydream app is great. You get to play fetch with an arctic fox, spin some planets, shine a torch at an owl and all manner of other childishly fun things. Give it another 20 seconds after and you'll have it all figured. It's responsive and accurate, so you can use it to scroll through pages, select options from a menu, type on a virtual keyboard, or do other tricks in Daydream-compatible apps. A great example is Warner Bro's Fantastic Beasts. In this we found ourselves standing inside a cabin and using the motion-controlled remote as a magic wand to open chests and scrolls and cast spells. More childish wonderment ensues. Pocket-lint To charge the remote, simply plug in the included USB-C cable. We're not sure how much juice you'll get. We only charged the remote for 30 minutes when we first received it, and we've used it for at least a few hours since then, so we're betting it's not exactly a battery hog. When you want to store the remote, tuck it into the groove on the inside of the front panel of the headset, and firmly affix it with the elastic loop. Simple. Daydream app: The hub of Google VR Daydream app for Android only, not iOS When you open the Daydream app (without slotting it into View), you'll see featured apps and recommendations. It's like the hub of Google VR. Within the app, there's a Discovery screen of suggested apps in Play Store, your library of Daydream-compatible apps installed on your phone, and Settings to configure your notifications, Daydream keyboard, and more. It's a neat and tidy access point into VR content, much like the Google Cast app serves to manage all your Cast devices in the one place. We like. What can I view Daydream View? At launch, there is only a handful compatible apps for Daydream view: YouTube​, which you can use to watch 360-degree content in a cinema-style manner with spatial audio to boot; Street View​, which lets you visit over 70 countries and 150 VR tours; Play Movies​, which like YouTube, provides access to a cinema-style experience with thousands of movies and TV shows to choose from; and Google Photos, which lets you step inside your own VR photos and panoramas, including ones taken with the Cardboard Camera app. We noticed a slight hiccup, however, with Play Movies. The app has to be setup outside of VR, meaning we had to open the Play Movies app on the Pixel, and then follow the on-screen instructions prior to using it in VR. Google said this should be fixed by launch, though. Pocket-lint Google has also brought its Arts & Culture​ project to Daydream View, so you can zoom-in and view artworks curated by museums from around the world. Other apps include Wonderglade and Star Chart VR, the latter of which lets you explore the solar system in a real-time space simulation. It's amazing. What can I play on Daydream View? There are a few games available for Daydream, too, which is likely to be a major focus point of the device going forward. Our favourite so far is Warner Bros' Fantastic Beasts. If you're a huge fan of Harry Potter and have always wanted to step foot in a wizarding world, this is the Daydream app for you. We thought it was cute, immersive, and fun. By default one of the panels gives access to install Wonderglade, another cutesy farm-based series of mini-games, where we've most enjoyed one similar to Super Monkey Ball (if anyone doesn't remember that on the Nintendo Wii, it's all about deft controller-based movements to guide a rolling object around a course; or, in old skool terms, you'd know it as a pinball maze). We've also played Hunter's Gate, which is a third-person shoot-em-up, and the cutesy 3D puzzler Mekorama VR. The latter we did wonder if it really needed to be VR at all, though. Google said more apps will be launching alongside View on 10 November 2016. If Google comes out of the gate with a tonne of Daydream-compatible apps and games, then it'll be onto a winner. Because, without them, View is just a shell. A very comfy shell, but a shell nonetheless. The few apps that are available now are enough to keep you busy and excited for a few days, but over time, we suspect you're going to need a bit more in order to feel compelled enough to put your phone into the Daydream interface and then sit closed off in a headset for hours at a time. Verdict One point to make is that Daydream View isn't going to be the only Daydream-compatible headset. Other manufacturers may release their own versions based on Google's reference design in the coming months. They'll be similar to Daydream View in that they'll be required to use specific optics, phones must fit into all the headsets the same way, and they'll all need to work with a standardised controller. Beyond that, the only difference you will see is price. And Google is hoping that its £69 ($79 USD) asking price is cheap enough for you to forget about Samsung Gear VR and go bag a Pixel phone instead. And you know what? It's a really compelling proposition, given it's the easiest to put on and most comfortable VR experience we've used, bar none. The next step to grow success depends on content. That's a given. On day one there's a decent spread of experiences and games for View - such as Fantastic Beasts, Mekorama, Hunter's Gate, Wonderglade and more - but we're in early-days territory here and are already pining for more. A year from now, we'll have a better idea of whether DayDream View will truly thrive. Google Daydream View VR: Alternatives to consider Pocket-lint Samsung Gear VR £80 It's a similar price, but the plasticky fit is not nearly as comfortable as Google's offering. Samsung, being Samsung, also locks you in to using the latest Galaxy smartphones only - which, while that might be a problem for some, does come with the added lure of exclusive content, such as the excellent Land's End. Pocket-lint Sony PlayStation VR £349 (PS4 console sold separately) If VR feels like the thing for you, then Sony has arguably the best offering on the market in its PS VR. Sure, you'll need to buy a PlayStation 4 to play it (or maybe a PS4 Pro) - but with some great deals on the PS4 Slim at the moment, the headset and console could cost you less than a Pixel XL phone would in the first place. Plus there's loads of exclusive Sony content. Pocket-lint HTC Vive £689 (PC sold separately - and a basic one won't do) If you're ultra-serious about VR then HTC has the daddy of all devices: Vive. With this clever kit you can plot a play arena to move around in, relative to the game, which gives it a real unique selling point. The quality is exceptional too. Only thing is you'll need a beefy PC to run this baby properly - and that's where the unseen cost comes into play. Sections Google Games VR Best VR headsets to buy in 2016, whatever your budget HTC Vive review: An experience that’s out of this world Sony PlayStation VR review: Virtual reality for the masses You could be wearing Apple iGlasses soon, smart specs in development Popular In VR On Pocket-lint You could be wearing Apple iGlasses soon, smart specs in development Make your HTC Vive VR headset wireless with this clever gadget What is Daydream and when is it coming? Google's Android VR platform explored Google Daydream View review: A Pixel-perfect VR experience? YouTube VR app: How does it work and when can you try it? YouTube VR app for Daydream now available, makes viewing VR videos easier HTC Vive 2 VR headset aka Oasis is in the works Microsoft will announce VR headset details in December Battlezone review: Arcade fun for PlayStation VR Microsoft will release VR headsets with the Windows 10 Creators Update Is the OnePlus 3T launch being streamed online and where can I watch it? Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Amazon Music Unlimited or Spotify: Which is best for you? Which is the best music streaming service in the UK? Apple Music vs Spotify vs Tidal and more Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Yoast Cart Search Navigation Search home About us Work at Yoast Meet us Contact SEO blog Content SEO WordPress Technical SEO Search news UX & Conversion Analytics eCommerce Social media Plugins Yoast SEO Drupal module Dev blog Licenses Courses My Academy Basic SEO SEO copywriting Yoast SEO for WP Keyword research eBooks SEO for WordPress Content SEO UX & Conversion Hire us Yoast SEO configuration Gold review Platinum review Yoast consultancy FAQ WordPress plugins Website reviews Drupal WordPress themes General Cart USD ($)EUR (€) Grow your business with ratings and reviews Grow your business with ratings and reviews November 10th, 2016 – 4 Comments Post author Michiel Heijmans View his other posts » Categories Technical SEO » Usability & Conversion » Tags Schema.org » Shop SEO » Reviews or testimonials are mostly said to work on the basis of social proof. Social proof is a psychological process in which people copy the behavior of others, in an attempt to reflect correct behavior. A testimonial tells you that someone you can identify with has bought a product and loved it. That must mean the product is just the right thing for you as well. However, ratings and reviews are not just valuable for your customers alone: Google uses them in various ways too, as I’ll explain in this post. Moreover, I’ll show how you can help Google show ratings and reviews in the search results, with the right Schema.org markup. Ratings Ratings for your website or online shop can be twofold: For your entire business For a specific product Business ratings Ratings for your brand or shop will most probably be given on a website like Resellerratings.com or Google My Business. Google will see these ratings and will even add Google My Business ratings to their Knowledge Graph information. The time that Google added stars to search result pages for any website that added these ratings in schema.org is over. Google was simply flooded with ratings, and it made less sense to add them to all the results anymore. That doesn’t mean they are entirely gone, as the opinion of your visitor or customer is still equally valuable to Google. So where it makes sense, like for hotels, Google will still show that rating. Google also tends to show shop ratings in their Google Shopping results, by the way: Product ratings Product ratings are a bit of a different breed, although they work pretty much the same. Have people rate a product on your website, and add an Aggregate rating on a nice spot on your product page. Next to Google picking up on that rating and showing it in, for instance, the Google Shopping result, it increases trust in a product. As you can see, product ratings have a different color in Google Shopping results. Besides, in their Shopping results, you can also find product reviews from major websites in the search result pages, like this one from CNET: CNET is a trusted source for Google, so they feel comfortable showing that rating and link these reviews on page one in the search result pages. Obviously, it’s key to monitor these ratings and act if a product is just getting negative reviews. Either contact the reseller and ask them to fix the issues or stop selling that specific product. Make sure your customers find your shop! Optimize your site with our Local SEO plugin and show you opening hours, locations, map and much more! »Buy now » Info Reviews Most of the times the ratings we discussed earlier are just half of a package deal. Ratings are great, and great ratings even greater. But if that rating is accompanied by a detailed review as well, people will be able to relate to the experience another customer had even more. Regardless if that’s for a product or an entire website. These reviews influence the decision-making process of your visitor. If they come to your website and see only negative reviews, written by real people that speak from experience, they will think twice. If these reviews are all raving about the product, people will just need a split second to click the buy button. Reviews influence local ranking Especially for local rankings, or local products, reviews are important. They tell Google the public perception of a brand or website. Google can process these reviews and take them into account for rankings if needed. Websites like Yelp and Foursquare help people from all over the world to find the right coffee shop or bakery. Sites like Booking.com tell people where to stay and allow people to share their experiences afterward. If you have sufficient reviews, Google shows these ratings and allows you to pick right from their search result pages already. If you search for a specific hotel in Google, you’ll find even more reviews in the search result pages: It’s up to you which source you trust more. But we think you can’t go wrong with this hotel, right? The image shows that you shouldn’t rule out Facebook in this as well. Maintain an active page and allow for reviews. Again, monitor these. All this positive ‘word of mouth’ combined will contribute to Google liking and ranking your online shop even better. Ratings, reviews, and Schema.org Google uses structured data to include extra information in the search results. The markup for structured data is taken from a vocabulary called Schema.org. A combined effort of Yahoo, Microsoft, Google and Yandex, this open data format’s goal is to offer structured data that search engines can consistently use to present rich results. This could be product information, ratings, and reviews, or information about your local business. To implement structured data, you need to offer search engines the correct markup. There are a couple of ways of doing that: Microdata, RDFa, and JSON-LD. According to Google, the latter is the easiest way of adding metadata to sites these days. JSON-LD is a lightweight data-format that’s easy to read for both humans and machines. You can test your code in Google’s Structured Data Test Tool. Reviews and ratings By adding certain Schema.org elements to your code, it’s possible for Google to add reviews and ratings to your search results. You need to tell which parts are about the review and what that element represents. In Schema.org a rating is the aggregate value a product gets. A review is a rating, with an explanation in text. In the example below, you see a typical Schema.org review in JSON-LD format. A couple of highlights: type: The schema.org type (a review) itemReviewed: What you are reviewing type: The schema.org thing (a thing) reviewRating: Is it a review or a rating? type: It’s a rating ratingValue: The number of stars (1-5) name: The title of the review author: Who wrote it? type: It’s a person, of course name: Name of the author reviewBody: Where was the review published publisher: The actual publisher type: Most of the time it’s an organization name: Name of the organization <script type=“application/ld+json”>
{
 “@context”: “http://schema.org/“,
 “@type”: “Review”,
  “itemReviewed”: {
  “@type”: “Thing”,
  “image”: “https://cdn-images.yoast.com/uploads/2010/10/Yoast_SEO_WP_plugin_FB.png”,
  “name”: “Yoast SEO”
 },
 “reviewRating”: {
  “@type”: “Rating”,
  “ratingValue”: “5”
 },
 “name”: “The best SEO plugin ever!”,
  “author”: {
  “@type”: “Person”,
  “name”: “Calvin Jones”
 },
 “reviewBody”: “I love working with it.”,
  “publisher”: {
  “@type”: “Organization”,
  “name”: “WordPress.org”
 }
}
</script> Products The same can be done for product listings. If you use the right markup, Google can pick up the data and show it in the results. You can add specifications, price, availability, reviews and ratings, and more to your listings. The code to use is comparable to the one above. In a future post, we’ll be elaborating on that a bit more. Local businesses Reviews are a godsend for local businesses. That’s why it’s rather important to add them to your listings. Using Schema.org and, for instance, JSON-LD, you give Google the opportunity to add your ratings to the search results. Potential customers will get a good idea of the quality of your business, right in the search engine. Keep an eye on our site, because we will be diving deeper into Schema.org for products, ratings and reviews, and what it all means for local businesses. Read more: ‘Use JSON-LD to add schema.org to your website’ » Home Academy SEO blog Usability & Conversion Grow your business with ratings and reviews Michiel is COO and one of the partners at Yoast. He was one of the first bloggers in the Netherlands and co-founded one of the first Dutch blogs about web design and blogging. At Yoast, Michiel writes for our blogs and eBooks, works as a senior online marketing consultant on our website reviews and handles all day to day office related issues. And obviously is a daily, heavy user of our plugins! Read all about Michiel » View his other posts or find him on Twitter  Linkedin  Subscribe to our newsletter and get a 50 page eBook for free! Name Email Subscribe » 4 Responses to Grow your business with ratings and reviews By Conrad on 11 November, 2016 Great information. Thanks Michiel. Using the plugin “Testimonial Basics” (highly recommended) all relevant pages are still displayed with ratings in the search results. That´s half the battle! Reply By pradeep shangwan on 11 November, 2016 Awsome post Michiel. very useful for business developers. i dnt know the business reviews are helpful business sites.now i am very clear mind & also starting my business review for yelp.thank you!!!! keep it up your post… Reply By Kevin Wallner on 11 November, 2016 Yet another awesome “Yoast Post.” Regarding the last section about Local SEO… so should we be thinking about integrating our own user review/rating feature directly into the local business’s website? Or somehow pulling existing Google/Yelp/FB reviews into the site and marking them up? Seems there are already plenty of higher-authority sites where customers can leave reviews. Why create yet another place to leave a review? Thanks guys! Reply By kredi çekme on 14 November, 2016 Have any plugin for page reviews? Like; rate this post. Reply Leave a reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Check out our must read articles about Usability & Conversion Accessibility matters Does accessibility matter? We think so! Facts that show that you should take accessibility into account when developing sites and software. Read article » Button UX design What does an awesome button look like? Should you use flat buttons, ghost buttons, one-state buttons? In this post we share our opinion on button UX.  Read article » eCommerce usability: the ultimate guide Everything on how to give your webshop visitors the warmest possible welcome. Read about eCommerce usability and UX in our ultimate guide! Read article » Want to learn the basics of SEO? Or how to use Yoast SEO properly? Follow a course on Yoast Academy » Academy SEO blog eBooks Courses Software Dev blog WordPress Plugins Yoast SEO for Drupal SEO blog Analytics eCommerce Content SEO Technical SEO Search news Social Media Usability & Conversion WordPress Review your site Website review Gold SEO review Platinum SEO review Hire team Yoast About us About Yoast Speaking calendar Work at Yoast Media Support Contact © 2003-2016 Yoast BV Yoast is a trademark of Yoast BV Some rights reserved | Privacy policy | Terms of service | Refund policy Yoast is proud to be hosted by WP Engine Buy Local SEO Price includes one year updates & support. How many sites will you use Local SEO on? Single Site  –  $ 69 € 69 Up to 5 Sites  –  $ 129 € 129 Up to 20 Sites  –  $ 249 € 249 Up to 50 Sites  –  $ 499 € 499 Up to 100 Sites  –  $ 799 € 799 Up to 200 Sites  –  $ 1499 € 1499 I want to pay in USD ($)EUR (€) Add to cart »
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Engadget giveaway: Win an Overdrive smart racing set courtesy of Anki! Apple wants to sell you a $300 photo book about its products Apple is reportedly testing a set of augmented reality glasses Google's Daydream View VR headset is promising, but just a start Watch out, Gear VR. Devindra Hardawar , @devindra 11.10.16 in Gadgetry Comments 595 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Daydream View Get more info More 85 Scores Engadget 85   Critic Not yet scored   Users Not yet scored   Key Specs From $79 It was only a matter of time until Google moved on from Cardboard and started taking virtual reality seriously. Say hello to the Daydream View, the company's first mobile VR headset. Much like Samsung's Gear VR, it's powered by Android. But the big difference is that this $79 headset will work across a wide variety of Android phones that support Google's Daydream platform; it won't just be stuck on Samsung's hardware. It also stands out from the competition with a more comfortable design made from cloth instead of plastic. There's a lot riding on this headset and Daydream in general, but can Google really compete with VR companies that have been developing hardware for years? For the most part, it turns out it can. Gallery: Google Daydream View review | 13 Photos 13 +9 Engadget Score Poor Uninspiring Good Excellent Key Google Daydream View Pros Inexpensive Comfortable Motion controller makes VR immersive High-quality VR experiences Cons Not many apps yet More Daydream phones are coming, but aren’t here yet Summary The Daydream View is a solid first attempt at a mobile VR headset. It's comfortable and VR experiences look great. The only problem is there aren't many apps available for it yet. Hardware There are so many mobile VR headsets out there now that they're starting to feel a bit boring. The Gear VR, built by Samsung in collaboration with Oculus, set the stage with its original design. As it turns out, when you're doing mobile VR, you really just need a comfortable way to hold the phone to your face and some decent lenses to refocus the screen. The Daydream View changes up the formula a bit, though, with its soft cloth-covered case. That might seem a bit odd at first, but it makes a lot of sense. VR headsets are basically wearables, and fabric simply feels more comfortable than plastic. (We saw something similar with the PlayStation VR, which uses a soft cloth material around its eyepiece.) Hooking up a phone to the Daydream View is also simpler than using any other headset I've seen. You just need to open up the front latch, drop the phone in with the screen facing the lenses and then close everything up and secure it with an elastic band on the top. It might look a bit clunky, but it's fairly secure. After that, tighten the headband, slip the Daydream View over your head, and readjust as necessary. Instead of using Velcro straps, Google's headset relies on a band that's more like a messenger bag strap. It's fairly comfortable, but adjusting it is a bit tougher than simply dealing with Velcro. Keeping the theme of comfort going, the eyepiece is also made out of a soft and cushiony material. Best of all, you can actually remove the eyepiece for hand-washing. Which is a good thing: Based on my experiences with other headsets, you can bet it's going to get sweaty and grimy quickly. Since it's relying on fabric on top of a plastic frame, the Daydream View comes in at a featherlight 220 grams (0.48 pounds). The Gear VR, on the other hand, weighs 345 grams (0.76 pounds). Another way Google aims to differentiate itself is with the Daydream View's motion controller. Like a vastly simplified version of HTC's and Oculus's remotes, you use it to navigate around Daydream's interface, play games and interact with apps. The motion tracking is generally pretty accurate, though I noticed some issues as its battery life drained down. The remote's simple layout -- touchpad on top, an app-specific button in the middle, a home button on the bottom, and volume controls on the sides -- also makes it easy to use while your eyes are covered. It charges over USB-C too, which is a nice touch, since your Daydream device will likely charge that way as well. Speaking of compatible phones, for now you can choose from Google's Pixel or Pixel XL to power the Daydream View. Other manufacturers are currently working on their own entries, though there's nothing you can actually buy yet. Google says Daydream phones will generally offer high-resolution displays (you can bet they'll likely be AMOLED, since that works best for VR); "high-fidelity sensors" for head tracking; and "ultra smooth" graphics. You'll also want to pay attention to resolution differences between Daydream devices. The Pixel XL has a 1440p (2K) display, for example, while the smaller Pixel has a less impressive 1080p display. In general, the more pixels you can stuff into a screen, the sharper your VR experience will be. In use I tested the Daydream View with the Pixel XL, likely because Google wanted to show off its VR headset in the best possible light. Since the XL is such a large phone, though, it sticks out a bit when it's attached to the Daydream View. It still fit just fine, but the setup looks a bit unpolished. (Then again, the Gear VR looks even worse with a phone plugged in.) On the bright side, the Daydream View's single elastic band did a fine job of holding the Pixel XL in place, even when I shook the headset like crazy. Once you launch the Daydream app and slap the phone into a headset, you're presented with a fairly typical home screen. It features recently used apps and your own shortcuts up front, and a button on the bottom of the screen leads to your entire library. At launch, Google has a handful of its own VR apps to explore: With YouTube VR, you can view normal videos on a flat or curved plane, or dive right into immersive 360-degree videos. Street View lets you take virtual strolls around famous locations. And Play Movies allows you to use the Daydream View like your own personal home theater. Third-party apps include the Wall Street Journal, Star Chart VR and games like Mekorama and Hunters Gate. Quality-wise, VR experiences in Google's headset look and feel just as good as with the Gear VR. I had a blast sifting through 360-degree YouTube videos. And I'm pretty sure Mekorama could end up becoming a killer app for the platform. It tasks you with moving a robot around a small 3D space (similar to the hit mobile game Monument Valley), but being able to play it in virtual reality makes it truly addictive. The Wall Street Journal's app places you in an expensive Midtown NYC apartment, where you can explore its VR content, watch videos, and, for some reason, read articles. (I'll save words for my boring old non-VR screens, thank you very much.) As with most VR headsets, games looked better than interactive videos, with sharp graphics and no noticeable slowdown in the apps I tested. Videos looked fine, but they're still mostly held back by the lack of high-quality VR cameras on the market. And while I'm sure some people will enjoy watching traditional 2D videos in VR, that's something I find valuable only when I'm stuck in a boring hotel room. The Pixel XL also warmed up quite a bit after my virtual reality sessions, so you should definitely keep battery life in mind. (In general, it burned through around 20 percent of battery life for every hour I played.) The competition If it isn't abundantly clear by now, Daydream View is going squarely against the $100 Gear VR. I'm still a big fan of that headset, and if you're a Samsung phone owner, it's your only option. But moving forward, the mobile VR landscape is going to get more complicated. If you want the freedom to choose between different phones, rather than just Samsung's, then you're better off investing in the Daydream ecosystem. Daydream's big problem at the moment is its small selection of apps. There simply isn't that much available on Google Play for the platform yet. Google says that's going to change by year's end, though, with the addition of Netflix, Hulu, and the New York Times, along with plenty of other apps. This is one area where the Gear VR has a big head start, since it's been around for years and has a lot of content help from Oculus and Facebook. Still, Google is flexing its brand muscle a bit; it already has an exclusive VR experience for Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, the upcoming film set in the Harry Potter universe. Wrap-up While the Daydream View doesn't completely reinvent mobile VR, it's a solid first step for Google. It's ideal for testing the waters of virtual reality without being locked into Samsung's ecosystem. But its success depends on more Daydream phones being released, consumers being willing to pay for a headset and developers jumping on the platform. In this article: Daydream, DaydreamView, gadgetry, gadgets, gaming, gear, google, review, uk-reviews, virtualreality, VR By Devindra Hardawar @devindra Devindra has been obsessed with technology for as long as he can remember -- starting with the first time he ever glimpsed an NES. He spent several years fixing other people's computers before he started down the treacherous path of writing about technology. Mission accomplished? 595 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 22m 22m ago in AV AIAIAI's modular headphones go wireless with a swappable headband The $65 add-on for the TMA-2 won't arrive until May though. By B. Steele,  22m ago save Save share View 46m 46m ago See Nokia's ill-fated 'Moonraker' smartwatch in action A new video demos the cancelled wearable's features. By B. Steele,  46m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Mobile Blu smartphones secretly harvested your texts and contacts The company sold over 5 million unlocked phones in the US last year. By S. Dent,  1h ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Gadgetry Engadget giveaway: Win an Overdrive smart racing set courtesy of Anki! Play against friends or an AI opponent and enjoy the new Supertruck racers. By J. Turi,  1h ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in AV Xbox One gets over-the-air DVR through a set-top box Nuvyyo's Tablo is filling in where Microsoft won't. By J. Fingas,  1h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About SUBSCRIBE Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter sign up Untitled-1 00/00 The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special Gear 10:45 AM Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Mario 1 hour ago Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet 9/10 Pokemon 6 hours ago Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Health 3 hours ago Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook 10:35 AM Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple 5 items 5 hours ago Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel 10:16 AM Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google 10:14 AM Apple may be developing Google Glass-like AR wearable Apple may be developing Google Glass-like AR wearable Apple 10:23 AM WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it Whatsapp 8:34 AM Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with its all-electric I-Pace Concept SUV Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with its all-electric I-Pace Concept SUV Jaguar 4:30 AM Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians Of The Galaxy 1 day ago WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for November 15 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for November 15 Technology 7:00 AM NHS email blunder catches 1.2 million staff in 'reply all' chaos NHS email blunder catches 1.2 million staff in 'reply all' chaos NHS 1 day ago This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection Apps 1 day ago Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired sign up to newsletter TOP STORIES The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special By Jeremy White Gear 10:45 AM Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 By Matt Kamen Mario 1 hour ago Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet 9/10 By Matt Kamen Pokemon 6 hours ago Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain By Matt Burgess Health 3 hours ago Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks By Matt Burgess Facebook 10:35 AM Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products By Matt Burgess Apple 5 items 5 hours ago Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie By Matt Kamen Marvel 10:16 AM Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children By Amelia Heathman Google 10:14 AM If aliens ever come to Earth, how will we talk to them? If aliens ever come to Earth, how will we talk to them? By Oliver Franklin-Wallis Aliens 09 Nov 2016 Robots parking cars: The garage of the future Robots parking cars: The garage of the future WIRED Originals 00:03:09 4 days ago IBM Watson: The Information Revolution in Commerce IBM Watson: The Information Revolution in Commerce IBM Cognitive Insight 00:03:12 02 Nov 2016 Building virtual reality games Building virtual reality games WIRED Originals 00:03:59 08 Nov 2016 WIRED Audi Innovation Awards: Leadership in Innovation WIRED Audi Innovation Awards: Leadership in Innovation WIRED Audi Innovation Awards 00:04:18 07 Nov 2016 View all videos WIRED HORIZONS How cybathletes are racing past the peak of human performance How cybathletes are racing past the peak of human performance By Greg Williams WIRED Horizons 09 Nov 2016 Sound waves that mimic the touch of a button? That's the future Sound waves that mimic the touch of a button? That's the future By Chris Stokel-Walker WIRED Horizons 09 Nov 2016 Robo-couriers are breaking the logistics chain to transform how we order online Robo-couriers are breaking the logistics chain to transform how we order online By Luke Dormehl WIRED Horizons 09 Nov 2016 Nasa's quest to bring back supersonic flight with its X-planes Nasa's quest to bring back supersonic flight with its X-planes By Richard Benson WIRED Horizons 08 Nov 2016 View More Google Daydream View VR review: lots of style but lacks substance Google Daydream View VR review: lots of style but lacks substance By Jeremy White Virtual Reality 5 days ago 18 things you can make Amazon Echo's Alexa do for you 18 things you can make Amazon Echo's Alexa do for you By Lee Bell Amazon Echo 09 Nov 2016 WIRED2016 We took a VR space walk on a £20,000 'weightlessness' chair in the name of tech journalism We took a VR space walk on a £20,000 'weightlessness' chair in the name of tech journalism By Ruby Lott-Lavigna Technology 09 Nov 2016 Pepper the robot, £20,000 'floating' chairs and spacewalks: top tech from WIRED's Test Lab Pepper the robot, £20,000 'floating' chairs and spacewalks: top tech from WIRED's Test Lab By Ruby Lott-Lavigna WIRED2016 5 days ago Missed any of WIRED2016? Catch up on the stories and keynote summaries from every speaker Missed any of WIRED2016? Catch up on the stories and keynote summaries from every speaker By Victoria Woollaston WIRED2016 07 Nov 2016 Take back your data: how Telefónica is on a quest to return our information Take back your data: how Telefónica is on a quest to return our information By WIRED Insider Promotions 05 Nov 2016 View More Apps are dying. Long live the subservient bots ready to fulfil your every desire Apps are dying. Long live the subservient bots ready to fulfil your every desire By James Temperton Bots 08 Nov 2016 SCIENCE This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection By Amelia Heathman Apps 1 day ago Want to be better with money? Learn a new language Want to be better with money? Learn a new language By Claudia Hammond Ideas Bank 09 Nov 2016 Amazing animals: how wildlife is inspiring science and technology Amazing animals: how wildlife is inspiring science and technology By Matt Burgess Animals 4 days ago Watch rats being tickled and 'jumping for joy', all in the name of science Watch rats being tickled and 'jumping for joy', all in the name of science By Victoria Woollaston Animals 4 days ago View More Retro Nasa posters envisage a stunning future in which humans live in Earth's orbit Retro Nasa posters envisage a stunning future in which humans live in Earth's orbit By Ruby Lott-Lavigna WIRED Horizons 07 Nov 2016 TECHNOLOGY Topics Gear Reviews Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children By Amelia Heathman Google 10:14 AM Robots parking cars: The garage of the future Robots parking cars: The garage of the future WIRED Originals 4 days ago WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it By Matt Burgess Whatsapp 8:34 AM WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for November 15 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for November 15 By WIRED Technology 7:00 AM View More AI isn't coming for our jobs, it's coming for our planet and will one day 'colonise the galaxy' AI isn't coming for our jobs, it's coming for our planet and will one day 'colonise the galaxy' By Liat Clark WIRED2016 04 Nov 2016 GEAR The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special By Jeremy White Gear 10:45 AM Pepper the robot, £20,000 'floating' chairs and spacewalks: top tech from WIRED's Test Lab Pepper the robot, £20,000 'floating' chairs and spacewalks: top tech from WIRED's Test Lab By Ruby Lott-Lavigna WIRED2016 5 days ago A shot in the dark: Sony, Canon and Nikon digital cameras put to the test in low-light A shot in the dark: Sony, Canon and Nikon digital cameras put to the test in low-light By Amy Davies Gear 07 Nov 2016 Gear WIRED loves: innovative ways to serve your favourite drinks Gear WIRED loves: innovative ways to serve your favourite drinks By Kathryn Nave Gear 02 Nov 2016 View More WIRED EVENTS Highlights from day two of WIRED2016 Highlights from day two of WIRED2016 WIRED Originals 03 Nov 2016 Zenia Tata is on a mission to help women feel safe in any situation Zenia Tata is on a mission to help women feel safe in any situation By Gian Volpicelli WIRED2016 04 Nov 2016 An energy revolution is coming. Meet the startups leading the charge An energy revolution is coming. Meet the startups leading the charge By Chris Stokel-Walker WIRED2016 01 Nov 2016 How to become an entrepreneur - and why you're never too young to start How to become an entrepreneur - and why you're never too young to start By Ruby Lott-Lavigna Entrepreneurs 01 Nov 2016 View More Walking on the Sun: scientists are unlocking secrets of solar storms on VR trips to the star Walking on the Sun: scientists are unlocking secrets of solar storms on VR trips to the star By Amelia Heathman WIRED2016 05 Nov 2016 The best space images from October The best space images from October By Matt Burgess Nasa 01 Nov 2016 REVIEW Nintendo NES Classic Mini review - a dainty delight with design detriments Nintendo NES Classic Mini review - a dainty delight with design detriments 6/10 By Matt Kamen Nintendo 1 day ago Google Daydream View VR review: lots of style but lacks substance Google Daydream View VR review: lots of style but lacks substance 7/10 By Jeremy White Virtual Reality 5 days ago A shot in the dark: Sony, Canon and Nikon digital cameras put to the test in low-light A shot in the dark: Sony, Canon and Nikon digital cameras put to the test in low-light By Amy Davies Gear 07 Nov 2016 PS4 Pro review: Is Sony's more powerful console worth the mid-generation upgrade? PS4 Pro review: Is Sony's more powerful console worth the mid-generation upgrade? 8/10 By Matt Kamen PS4 07 Nov 2016 View More 8 rules for saving the world, from Solar Impulse pioneer Bertrand Piccard 8 rules for saving the world, from Solar Impulse pioneer Bertrand Piccard By Oliver Franklin-Wallis WIRED2016 04 Nov 2016 SPACE Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained By Abigail Beall Space 2 days ago What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? By Eric Hutson Physics 3 days ago If aliens ever come to Earth, how will we talk to them? If aliens ever come to Earth, how will we talk to them? By Oliver Franklin-Wallis Aliens 09 Nov 2016 Remarkable swirling images unlock clues about how solar systems are 'born' Remarkable swirling images unlock clues about how solar systems are 'born' By Victoria Woollaston Planets 09 Nov 2016 View More How VR and the CD-ROM have more in common than you might think How VR and the CD-ROM have more in common than you might think By Rowland Manthorpe Virtual Reality 02 Nov 2016 WIRED Big Picture WIRED Big Picture Every month, WIRED selects one of the world's most stunning photographs 11 Jul 2016 + 17 + 18 BUSINESS Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain By Matt Burgess Health 3 hours ago Autonomy's ex-finance chief indicted on felony charges over HP deal Autonomy's ex-finance chief indicted on felony charges over HP deal By James Temperton Autonomy 1 day ago Samsung acquires connected car maker Harman in its 'biggest deal ever' Samsung acquires connected car maker Harman in its 'biggest deal ever' By Amelia Heathman Samsung 1 day ago 'Most VCs are full of sh*t:' meet the anti-venture capitalist with more than 1,600 startups 'Most VCs are full of sh*t:' meet the anti-venture capitalist with more than 1,600 startups By Rowland Manthorpe Startups 1 day ago View More Climate change is a huge opportunity: Bertrand Piccard on fairytale flights and Earth's future Climate change is a huge opportunity: Bertrand Piccard on fairytale flights and Earth's future By James Temperton Solar Impulse 31 Oct 2016 CULTURE Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie By Matt Kamen Marvel 10:16 AM Robot bodies and cyberpunk Japan dazzle in first full Ghost in the Shell trailer Robot bodies and cyberpunk Japan dazzle in first full Ghost in the Shell trailer By Matt Kamen Ghost In The Shell 1 day ago The science of Arrival: what the film got right (and wrong) The science of Arrival: what the film got right (and wrong) By Jonathan O'Callaghan Aliens 3 days ago The best Black Mirror episodes from series one and two The best Black Mirror episodes from series one and two By Ruby Lott-Lavigna Culture 3 days ago View More How Google's AI taught itself to create its own encryption How Google's AI taught itself to create its own encryption By Matt Burgess Artificial Intelligence 31 Oct 2016 The biggest game releases for November The biggest game releases for November By Matt Kamen Gaming 01 Nov 2016 GAMING Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 By Matt Kamen Mario 1 hour ago Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet 9/10 By Matt Kamen Pokemon 6 hours ago Nintendo NES Classic Mini review - a dainty delight with design detriments Nintendo NES Classic Mini review - a dainty delight with design detriments 6/10 By Matt Kamen Nintendo 1 day ago Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project By Matt Kamen Guardians Of The Galaxy 1 day ago View More Tesla Model X review: exceptionally complex but very cool Tesla Model X review: exceptionally complex but very cool By Alistair Weaver Cars 26 Oct 2016 December 2016 Issue Magazine December 2016 View issue Latest Apps are dying. Long live the subservient bots ready to fulfil your every desire Apps are dying. Long live the subservient bots ready to fulfil your every desire Bots 08 Nov 2016 From the Editor From the Editor Editor's Letter 02 Nov 2016 Climate change is a huge opportunity: Bertrand Piccard on fairytale flights and Earth's future Climate change is a huge opportunity: Bertrand Piccard on fairytale flights and Earth's future Solar Impulse 31 Oct 2016 PODCAST Snail love, Trump's tech impact: Podcast 293 Snail love, Trump's tech impact: Podcast 293 By WIRED Podcast 5 days ago Facepalm emoji, farewell Vine: Podcast 292 Facepalm emoji, farewell Vine: Podcast 292 By WIRED Podcast 02 Nov 2016 Black Mirror, testing HoloLens: Podcast 289 Black Mirror, testing HoloLens: Podcast 289 By WIRED Podcast 14 Oct 2016 Polluted air, Musk on Mars: Podcast 287 Polluted air, Musk on Mars: Podcast 287 By WIRED Podcast 30 Sep 2016 View More Amazon Echo review: Human-like AI is worth the money even if it does have teething problems Amazon Echo review: Human-like AI is worth the money even if it does have teething problems By Matt Burgess Amazon Echo 27 Oct 2016 WIRED Gear: our pick of the hot products in 2016 WIRED Gear: our pick of the hot products in 2016 By Jeremy White Gear 01 Nov 2016 + 30 + 31 WIRED INSIDER Take back your data: how Telefónica is on a quest to return our information Take back your data: how Telefónica is on a quest to return our information By WIRED Insider Promotions 05 Nov 2016 How technology can solve the world's most pressing social problems How technology can solve the world's most pressing social problems By Carlos López Blanco Promotions 01 Nov 2016 People in the UK have the best 'digital lives' in Europe, global index reveals People in the UK have the best 'digital lives' in Europe, global index reveals By WIRED Insider Promotions 24 Oct 2016 New speakers and agenda announced for WIRED's first security conference New speakers and agenda announced for WIRED's first security conference By WIRED Promotions 23 Sep 2016 View More Get the WIRED Weekender The most important, interesting and unusual stories from the last week on WIRED delivered to your inbox every Friday Will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2016
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Daydream View Review: Google Built the Best Mobile VR Headset Yet Janko Roettgers Senior Silicon Valley Correspondent @jank0 0 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Print Pin It Tumblr Courtesy of Google November 10, 2016 | 06:00AM PT A remote control is something I never thought I’d get excited about. And yet, for Google’s new Daydream View virtual reality (VR) headset, the included remote makes all the difference, and singlehandedly turns it into the best mobile VR headset yet. That’s admittedly a low bar, since there have really only been a handful of serious contenders in this space, with one being from Google itself. The search giant played a big part in establishing mobile VR as a category when it introduced Cardboard a little over two years ago. Related Samsung’s Gear VR Shows A Lot of Potential, Still Best for Early Adopters Made literally out of cardboard, the viewer required users to insert their own phones as displays to watch 360-degree videos and VR experiences. It was a fun way to get started, but also decidedly low-tech. Samsung upped the ante a bit when it introduced Gear VR later that year, and perfected the experience with a consumer version a year ago. There are also dozens of cardboard clones and VR headsets from Asian mobile phone manufacturers like Xiaomi and LeTV –but none of them has been able to really advance mobile virtual reality. Enter Daydream. Introduced in May as an Android-based platform for mobile VR, Daydream is Google’s attempt to write the next chapter for mobile VR. Eventually, Google wants to collaborate with a number of handset manufacturers to sell Daydream-compatible Android phones and Daydream VR viewers. For now, there’s really only one phone you can use to experience Daydream, which is Google’s own Pixel phone. And this week, Google released Daydream View as a first companion headset, to be used with the Pixel, as well as future Daydream-ready phones. Daydream View costs $80, and looks a lot less technical than Samsung’s Gear VR. That’s in part due to the cloth cover, which makes it look a lot more like a comfy shoe than a computer. But it’s also because Daydream, unlike Gear VR, doesn’t require users to plug their phones into any plugs or adapters. Instead, the phone just gets sandwiched into the viewer, and held in place with an elastic rubber band. One has to wonder how all of this holds up to regular usage, but during the week that I had to test a unit supplied by Google, it worked like a charm. Daydream View also comes with a small remote control that features a clickable trackpad as well as two buttons and a volume rocker, which is the real differentiator. Samsung’s Gear VR has a small trackpad integrated on the side of its housing, which I frequently find hard to use. The Daydream View controller on the other hand feels a lot more natural and really only has a small learning curve. Its primary function is to work like an air mouse — think Wii remote. But thanks to the touch pad, it can also be used for scrolling, and a home and an app button help to quickly navigate back and forth and to access extra options. As for available content, that’s a bit of an achilles heel of Daydream. Google has said that it wants to have more than 50 apps and games for Daydream available before the end of the year. Right now, the line-up is still very slim. In addition to Google’s own apps, including YouTube VR, Street View VR and Google Photos VR, there are apps from the Wall Street Journal, the Guardian, and a few others. There’s also about a dozen games, including a number of puzzlers. I found some of them entertaining for a while, but was hard-pressed to find that one game or experience that I’d want to show everyone who is curious about the headset. But while the apps and games were just so-so, they did hint at a lot of exciting possibilities, thanks again to the Daydream remote control and the way Google uses it for interaction. Google’s Streetview VR for example allows users to navigate through 3D photos by allowing them to point with the remote to navigational hot spots. In other apps, the remote could be used to spin objects, or even scale them up and down. All of this by itself made it a lot easier to navigate through those apps, but it could also allow developers to build a lot more immersive 3D worlds that allow users to look at objects from all sides without any of the positional tracking that high-end VR headsets like Oculus Rift and HTC Vive are using. In essence,  Daydream View shows a lot of potential, with a slightly boring present. Should you buy one? Right now, that’s really only a question that owners of a new Pixel phone have to ask themselves. But if you do own one of these phones, and are even remotely interested in VR, the answer is clearly yes. Filed Under: Daydream virtual reality Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 Biz 9:00AM PT Donald Trump’s Tense History With Hollywood Comes Full Circle 2 TV 7:12AM PT BBC America Greenlights ‘Killing Eve’ Series from ‘Fleabag’ Writer 3 TV 6:34AM PT Tom Hardy’s ‘Taboo’ Series to Premiere in January on FX 4 Digital 6:00AM PT Fullscreen Upcoming Original Series Include Bret Easton Ellis Thriller, Andrea Russett Talk Show 5 Digital 6:00AM PT Twitter Adds New Ways to Block, Report Abusive and Racist Trolls Oscars: ‘Voyage of Time’ Faces Challenge in Treating Voters to ‘IMAX Experience’ ‘No Oscar Campaigning,’ Academy Says, While Providing the Opportunity Ava DuVernay on Trump and Mass Incarceration: ‘He Feels It’s a Business’ Record 27 Films Submitted for Animated Feature Oscar Race Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content 'Jimmy Kimmel Live' Teams With Bono and RED For AIDS Awareness… Stella McCartney Thinks the Fashion Industry Is Getting Away… The Voice Predictions: Who's at Risk on Top 12 Results… Tech CEO vows to murder Donald Trump with a sniper rifle, gets… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Technology Trump protesters offered way out Tesla sparks electric war Facebook staff start secret ‘task force’ ‘Shazam is always listening’ First look inside Mars ‘bullseye’ ‘Trump factor’ impacting on climate talk Millions exposed in sex website hack Model Kendall Jenner quits Instagram technology Google’s Daydream virtual reality platform arrives, lets you snoop on your neighbours November 11, 20169:02am The Realestate.com.au virtual reality app delivers tours of houses and estates for sale inside Google's Daydream View VR headset. Jennifer Dudley-NicholsonNews Corp Australia Network Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend GOOGLE’S next-generation virtual reality headset arrives in Australia today and one of its first uses will be peeking into other people’s homes. An Australian real-estate app will be among the first virtual reality apps to debut on the internet giant’s Daydream VR platform, and technology analysts say we should expect virtual tours of houses, department stores, and educational facilities in the next four years. GAMING REALITY: Sony PlayStation VR set to make the tech mainstream VR CAMERAS: Traditional camera maker endorses virtual reality, 360-degree cameras The Realestate.com.au house inspection app will feature room-by-room tours of homes for sale, as well as estates and aspirational homesteads listed by style. Google's Daydream View headset, out in Australia on November 11, delivers advanced virtual reality experiences using Android smartphones. Picture: SuppliedSource:Supplied From inside Google’s $119 Daydream View headset, users can virtually move from room to room, selecting new viewpoints, and turning their head to inspect all areas of a house. REA Group chief inventor Nigel Dalton said virtual reality real estate tours could change the industry and “give us back time,” cutting down on real-world house inspections. “By 2020, most Australian homes will have VR headsets, and we’re confident the leading real estate agents will embrace virtual reality to create a brand new experience for a whole new generation of property seekers,” he said. “Instead of mum, partner, and the kids running across town to view potential properties, either to purchase or rent, the time-consuming process could now happen in one place in just a matter of minutes.” Ever wondered what your neighbours’ house looks like? Now you can find out. Picture: SuppliedSource:Supplied Research firm Telsyte predicted Australians would buy more than 115,000 virtual reality headsets in the second half of this year, and that figure would rise to more than half a million next year. Telsyte managing director Foad Fadaghi said skyrocketing interest in the technology would see more everyday experiences pushed to virtual reality, and would be particularly useful to shoppers looking to inspect items without leaving their homes. “Real estate is a great example, and e-commerce is another,” Mr Fadaghi said. “There are a lot of opportunities for virtual shopping, whether it’s eBay or Alibaba, because this is a visual technology. Every website could potential have a VR equivalent, similar to how mobile apps became popular.” Users can view a variety of homes using the headset. Picture: SuppliedSource:Supplied Google’s virtual reality platform, Daydream, will initially be available to those using its Pixel smartphones but its software will feature inside other Andtroid handsets in future. The platform also includes tours of famous landmarks like Stonehenge, personal cinemas with providers including Netflix, and games such as Fantastic Beasts and Danger Goat. The REA Group is part-owned by News Corp. Future Technology23:52 From the virtual reality of the latest computer games, to new safety features for the cars we drive, and yes, even our holiday celebrations: nanotechnology has worked its way into our daily lives? March 23rd 2015 2 years ago /video/video.news.com.au/TV/Documentary/ Add your comment to this story Comments Form Enter your comment here * 1200 characters left Your details Name (as it will appear on the site)* Email Address * Location (optional) Post Options Remember my details Email me if my comment is published News.com.au's Privacy Policy includes important information about our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information (including to provide you with targeted content and advertising based on your online activities). It explains that if you do not provide us with information we have requested from you, we may not be able to provide you with the goods and services you require. It also explains how you can access or seek correction of your personal information, how you can complain about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles and how we will deal with a complaint of that nature. Submit Jump back to top Right now in technology 258Readers Canadians offer Trump protesters in Washington, Oregon, Cali... 25Readers Life on Mars? Scientists explore Hellas, Galaxias Fossae Mar... 20Readers Michelle Obama named as an ‘ape in heels’ in racist Facebook... 7Readers US must respect ‘irreversible’ climate change deal known as ... 7Readers Tesla sparks electric war A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2016. All times AEDT (GMT +11).
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Google Google Daydream View review: comfortable mobile VR headset with limited compatibility 4 / 5 stars Headset for Android smartphones is Pixel-exclusive but kicks off firm’s play for premium, extended VR experiences with wand-style controller Google’s Daydream View is the company’s Android-powered next step in mobile VR. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian Samuel Gibbs Thursday 10 November 2016 09.00 EST Last modified on Thursday 10 November 2016 09.13 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Google’s big bet on the future of virtual reality, Daydream, is finally available to buy, but is the Daydream View headset actually worth getting? Daydream is the new VR platform from Google. An evolution of what the company started with its Cardboard headset, it works on the same principle using a modern smartphone as both the screen and powerhouse. Unlike Cardboard, Daydream has a set of rigorous standards that the smartphone must meet in order for it to be able to use the software and resulting headset and controller. Currently, only the Google Pixel smartphone is Daydream-ready, but more top-end smartphones are expected to be announced in the next year that pass muster and can be used with the system. What is it? Facebook Twitter Pinterest Pop the phone onto the fold-out flap and the Daydream app will launch automatically to guide you through the process. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian Daydream View is Google’s new VR headset into which its Pixel smartphones slot. It’s actually two parts: the first is a relatively lightweight holder for your smartphone with a set of lenses and an elasticated strap so you can attach it to your face. But unlike Cardboard, Daydream View also comes with a small wand-like controller. The Daydream View controller is a motion-controlled, three-button remote with a touchpad at the top and volume buttons on the side. It’s like a cross between the Siri remote for the Apple TV and a Nintendo Wii remote - it even comes with a wrist strap to stop you flinging it across the room. Using it Facebook Twitter Pinterest The small Bluetooth remote works well as a pointer, motion and touch controller. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian Like Cardboard and Samsung’s Gear VR headset, using the Daydream View is really easy. Simply fold down the front flap, put your phone buttons-side and screen facing the opening and close the flap. The screen orientates itself, as long as you have it roughly centre unlike Cardboard. The Daydream app will launch, as long as you have it installed (it will prompt to install if you do not). Strap the device to your face making sure your vision is squarely in the middle of the lenses, then pick up the remote and press and hold the home button to orientate it and your headset. From there you’re transported into the Daydream homescreen, where you can navigate to and open compatible apps and games. Here, you can also view the Play Store and other bits and pieces. The first time you start up Daydream it will walk you through a very good tutorial system and show you what it can do with a few short experiences. One involves throwing a stick for a fox to fetch, another involves manipulating planets, and there’s one that challenges you to fire coconuts into a tropical bay. Within about five minutes you’ll be used to the basic interactions and how to use it. Comfort Facebook Twitter Pinterest The elastic latch can accommodate thicker or thinner smartphones, once there are more Daydream-ready phones available. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian Daydream is the most comfortable mobile VR headset I have used. It’s quite light at 220g without the phone, or 338g with a Pixel XL in the slot. It’s still weight that juts out from your face, but its single adjustable elastic strap keeps it in place when moving about. Getting it at the right angle so that your eyes are centrally located within the lenses is tricky at first, meaning everything looks a bit blurry. Moving the band up or down on the back of your head and slowly tightening it by pulling the two D-rings apart you’ll get it right. I soon got the hang of it and got it comfortably in the right spot. The headset is comfortable enough to wear for an extended period and easily wearable for the full length you’ll actually want to play or watch VR. After a solid 90 minutes of wearing it I was tired and wanted a break. It left some small marks on my cheeks that dissipated after two minutes. Other headsets have left ring marks around my eyes for some time, a bit like ski goggles, so the Daydream View is easier on the face. The controller is simple to use too. The rounded shape is easy to grip, the touchpad sensitive enough without being overly so and the buttons are clearly delineated. When you look at the remove in the headset you can see it in VR, which helps ground it in reality. If you turn the remote in your hand, the virtual representation turns as you might expect it to. Platform Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Daydream platform is Google’s rival to Facebook’s Oculus, which has a similar mobile platform running on Samsung’s smartphones and Gear VR headsets. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian The headset is just one part. Most of the work is actually done by the Daydream platform and the smartphone. With a Pixel XL motion was smooth and the performance was solid. The Daydream homescreen is particularly well laid out. The pixel density of even a quad HD smartphone screen such as the Pixel XL isn’t high enough for a pin-sharp VR view. You can see individual pixels as you look through the viewer, which is reminiscent of smartphones from 2008. How much the low-pixel density is noticeable depends on how well the content you’re viewing is thought out. In some things the experience is engaging and you simply don’t notice, but with others all you can see are the pixels, which ruins the magic. There were some pretty good experiences already on offer with many more promised by the end of the year from third-party developers including the Guardian. Google’s Street View in VR is great, allowing you to explore landmarks and places that you might not get the chance to travel to. YouTube’s VR or 360-degree video offerings are interesting, particularly that produced by the Natural History Museum, but the fidelity of the video is not very high. Because it’s streamed you need a solid internet connection, but even then the video is not as crisp as you’re used to in the non-VR world, which is a bit disappointing. As the capture and streaming technology improves, so too will the picture quality of the videos. For now though it often feels like you’re viewing videos with the wrong prescription lenses in and can’t quite get it into full focus. This is particularly true when you’re trying to look at something that isn’t the focus of the video. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Two lenses allow your eyes to focus on a screen a couple of centimetres in front of your face. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian You can also use the headset with 2D videos including Google Play Movies and regular YouTube videos. It projects a floating screen in front of you. Swiping on the touchpad shrinks or enlarges it, while the virtual interface is straightforward and easy to use. The videos are not as crisp as they would be on a computer or TV, but it’s a good way to isolate yourself from the world. Photos taken with Google’s Cardboard camera app can also be viewed with the headset using Google Photos along with other bits and pieces, which is novel. The Wall Street Journal also has a VR app, showing some compelling 360 videos. But it also has text articles displayed in VR, which seems pointless when it’s an easier and better experience to simply read them in the real world on a computer or phone screen. Most Daydream apps start in a room with a floating interface wall, which you use to select content. The WSJ VR app, for instance, starts in a fantastic-looking New York apartment with grand views and even a floating bookcase. A couple of games were available for test: Wonderglade, Mekorama and Hunters Gate. All three ran smoothly and used the virtual space well. Wonderglade is a theme-park style offering packed with mini-games . You can play mini golf, a racing version of a marble maze and other carnival-style games. They all work well, but they’re supported by in-app purchases. I can see kids inadvertently running up bills if some control over purchasing isn’t employed. A pin can be set that you tap out in the virtual space to authenticate purchases, for instance. Mekorama VR is a VR version of an existing game in which you guide a little robot through a geometric puzzle landscape, similar to Monument Valley. It works surprisingly well in VR using the controller as your pointer and grabber. It looks pretty sharp on the phone display. Hunters Gate is a hack and slash-style game, a bit like the third-person isometric games of yesteryear given a virtual reality twist using the controller as your aiming wand and its trackpad as a joystick. Overall, I was impressed by the VR gaming performance. It won’t beat what you can do on an HTC Vive, Oculus Rift or PS VR, but you can see why Google set rigorous standards for what can and can’t work with Daydream. It’s early days for mobile VR gaming, but Daydream as a platform is promising. Observations Facebook Twitter Pinterest The fabric pad that touches the face can be removed for hand washing, and is held in place by small velcro strips. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian Bluetooth audio, as with videos, is slightly behind and there’s no adjustments for it so it’s better to use wired headphones When not in use there’s a small elastic strap to neatly hold the controller on the inside of the lid of the headset The padding that touches the face can be removed and hand washed The remote is charged via USB-C There’s no hole for the phone’s camera to poke through so Daydream View is solely for VR, not augmented reality The Pixel XL got very hot when using the Daydream View, but you couldn’t feel it until you took the headset off Some unlucky people will feel sick almost immediately when putting the headset on Videos that move around too much putting the viewer on rails still made me feel sick, including one of Google’s Spotlight stories Extended periods within the headset is really quite tiring, 1.5 hours is about as long as I could do without needing a break Drift, where the display alignment to your head position shifts, happens quite a lot but holding the home button on the remote quickly re-centres things A Pixel XL with a full battery will run for around four hours between charges when using it for VR, which is plenty long enough Price The Daydream View headset costs £69, but requires a Daydream-ready smartphone to use. The Google Pixel, costing at least £600, is the only device currently available. Samsung’s Gear VR headset costs £99, but is equally restricted to Samsung’s Galaxy S6, S7 and Note 5 smartphones. Verdict Daydream View is the best mobile VR headset available at the moment. It’s more comfortable than competitors, is part of a promising new platform and is relatively affordable. But it suffers the same problem as Samsung’s Gear VR: it doesn’t have a killer feature that means everyone must have one. The new headset currently only works with Google’s Pixel phones, which limits its appeal. If you own a Pixel phone, have tried Google Cardboard and thought it was amazing, you’ll love Daydream View. For those that are unconvinced that VR is the future, Daydream View won’t do anything to convince you otherwise. Pros: no wires, comfortable for longer than you’ll probably want to wear it in one go; responsive and has an easy-to-use controller Cons: drift is common, restricted to the Pixel phones for now, no killer app, no full joypad for more intense games, like other VR headsets will make some feel sick Facebook Twitter Pinterest The remote is stored within the headset when not in use. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian More reviews Topics Google Alphabet Virtual reality Virtual worlds Games Gadgets Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content more on this story Good luck in making Google reveal its algorithm John Naughton Angela Merkel’s desire to make search-engine algorithms transparent is laudable, but controlling the power of Google et al will be more complex than that Published: 13 Nov 2016 Good luck in making Google reveal its algorithm Don’t let WhatsApp nudge you into sharing your data with Facebook John Naughton The popular messaging app built its reputation on putting users first. Now its corporate owners are looking for payback at our expense Published: 18 Sep 2016 Don’t let WhatsApp nudge you into sharing your data with Facebook Google to European commission: Android is key to mobile competition Android-maker dismisses accusations that Google abuses its market dominance to hinder competition Published: 10 Nov 2016 Google to European commission: Android is key to mobile competition Google was barking up the wrong tree with its robot dogs John Naughton The search firm’s purchase of Boston Dynamics in 2013 seemed a bit out of character. And guess what? It was Published: 5 Jun 2016 Google was barking up the wrong tree with its robot dogs Make Google and Facebook pay for public service reporting Published: 8 Nov 2016 Make Google and Facebook pay for public service reporting If the Eurocrats don’t take on Google, no one will be able to stop it John Naughton Published: 24 Apr 2016 If the Eurocrats don’t take on Google, no one will be able to stop it Do you see Emperor Zuckerberg’s new clothes? John Naughton Published: 17 Apr 2016 Do you see Emperor Zuckerberg’s new clothes? More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Google Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Home  |  Apps  |  Features  | Here Are the Three New Features Added to Google Maps for Android Here Are the Three New Features Added to Google Maps for Android Google Maps for Android (Beta) receives three new subtle-but-useful additions. By: Prajith Sabbani Published: Thursday, November 10, 2016, 19:00 [IST] Google Maps for Android app is about to receive three new subtle-but-useful additions once the next update is rolled out. As cited on Phone Arena, the beta version of the Maps app contains three new features which include a new option to start Maps in Satellite view, suggestions for similar places, and a new look for the feature that lets you add a stop along your route. SEE ALSO: 5 Warning Signs That You're Buying Stolen Gadgets Online If you're one of those persons who like to access the Google Maps in Satellite view, then the new feature should certainly excite you. The new addition allows users to launch the app in Satellite view thereby eliminating the need for switching back and forth to other views. Users can enable this feature simply by turning on "See Satellite view when maps starts" in Settings. The next feature to come along with the update is the suggestions for similar places. Allow us to explain this with an example. SEE ALSO: Here's Why People Are Ready to Pay up to Rs. 500 for Reliance Jio SIM Suppose you've searched for a specific location, let's say a restaurant for the sake of simplicity, the app will show you similar places nearby that are worth checking out. Additionally, it also shows reviews and ratings of the location you've searched for. Finally, despite the fact that the functionality of the feature is still the same, there's a new look for adding stops along the route. All the above futures are currently available only in the beta version of the app (which can be downloaded here) and Google should push it to the laymen anytime soon. Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals Google Pixel XL Google Pixel Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Google Pixel (Quite Black, 32 GB) 55,750 Gallery   |   9 Photos Google Pixel XL +See All Read More About google | maps | gps | android | smartphones | news | mobiles Other articles published on Nov 10, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Rs. 500, Rs. 1,000 Ban Effect: Finally, Good News for Potential Smartphone Buyers in India How Social Media Can Help in Finding Working ATMs [5 Possible Ways] This is How Reliance Jio Extends its 4G Services to Suburbs Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Google wants Indian youth to be 'good digital citizens' LeEco Appoints Anthony Gao as APAC President Apple Adds Panic Button Exclusively for Indian iPhone Users WhatsApp Video Calling is Optimized to Support Connectivity Issues Facebook, Twitter and Google Aim to Restrict The Spread of Fake News Paytm vs MobiKwik: Find Out Which Offers the Lowest Bank Transfer Fee WhatsApp Launches Video Calling Feature to All Users Have No Cash? This is How FreeCharge Aims to Promote Cashless Payments Vivo V5 vs Oppo F1s: Battle of Selfie-Centric Smartphones RComm To Become India's Fourth Biggest Network Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers latest mobiles And Tablets Videocon Delite 21 Vivo V5 Plus Vivo V5 ZTE BV0800 Gionee S9 Intex Aqua Power M Celkon Trendz Asus Zenfone Go 5.5 ZB551KL Micromax Canvas Tab P290 iBall Slide Brace X1 4G iBall Slide Brace X1 Mini iBall Slide Brace X1 Asus Zenpad C 7.0 Z170CG Acer Iconia One 7 B1 740 Swipe Slate 8 iBall Slide DD-1GB popular mobile And Tablet Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LeEco Le 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) BlackBerry PlayBook (32GB) Apple iPad 2 Wi-Fi 16GB Sony Xperia Tablet Z LTE Samsung P1000 Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 (16GB) Apple iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular 16GB BlackBerry PlayBook (16GB) X SUBSCRIBE GIZBOT NEWSLETTER Get Latest Technology News From India And Around The World Into Your Inbox Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Lenovo Phab 2 PlusAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TLIntex Aqua Power MMicromax X940Videocon Graphite2 V45GDSamsung Galaxy On NxtLYF F1 PlusIntex Aqua Pro 4GVideocon Krypton2 V50GIInFocus F130InFocus F115Swipe Elite 2 PlusZTE Nubia Z11 MiniInFocus EPIC 1Intex Cloud Scan FP Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google Daydream View Review +3,764 Chris Chavez Nov 10th, 2016 Virtual reality headsets are all the rage these days. After officially taking the wraps off the Daydream View back during their “Made by Google” event last month, Google’s first official VR headset is finally here. A few of those lucky enough to be some of the first to pre-order the Google Pixel will soon be receiving their complimentary units, but for those considering purchasing the Daydream View à la carte, we’re sure you have a lot of questions. To help you make a more informed buying decision, we hope to address all these concerns and more in our full Google Daydream View review. Let’s dive in. What is it? The Daydream View is a light-weigh, basic virtual reality headset that features a wireless motion controller for interactions. It’s Google’s way of jumping on the VR tend they helped kick off with Google Cardboard and although the Daydream View is very similar, it’s nowhere near the bare bones experience that Google Cardboard offered (something that was more of a 360-degree virtual reality viewer than an actual headset). With the Daydream View, Google is still keeping to the basics. You wont find any buttons, ports, or any sort of manual adjustments for the lenses. In fact, there’s no real tech in the headset at all, which only features NFC so your phone knows when it’s docked (and auto-launches the Daydream app) — that’s it. The Daydream View’s build quality is pleasant. The headset itself is mostly plastic, with a soft cloth finish that surrounds most of the body. Underneath, the main housing is a flexible rubber that features a cushiony face pad that can be removed and hand washed after use. The door locking mechanism is little more than a simple elastic band with a leather tab you pull to loop around a peg on the other side. It sounds weird, but it’s all these little things that makes the Daydream View feel warm and inviting, almost like your wearing some type of apparel and not a cold, hard, piece of plastic strapped to your face like with rival headsets. The real technology in the Daydream View lies in the wireless controller. It looks simple, but it’s actually pretty full featured. A visual representation of the remote is actually reflected inside the Daydream app, which acts as sort of a laser pointer. Along with sensing a full range of motion, there’s two main buttons, a volume rocker, and a touch pad to rest your thumb. The touch pad can be used to scroll around the UI and clicks like a mouse button, acting as the primary method of selecting things inside of VR. The controller connects to your smartphone via Bluetooth and (which is handled completely inside the Daydream app) and can be charged using the same USB Type C cable that came with the Pixel. There’s a tiny LED on the front to tell you when it’s charging and battery life is okay, just not great. Thankfully, it charges up really quick and you can still use it while it’s charging. The software experience via the Daydream app is more or less what you’d expect. Upon strapping on the headset, users are transported to a a whimsical, polygon styled forest that acts as their home screen. A giant floating window showcases noteworthy apps and games available for download, with icons along the bottom to jump into the Play Store, pull up your app library, or jump into some basic settings. Diving into the Play Store takes you deeper into the Daydream’s world (a cave landscape), where you’re presented with another floating window to browse through apps and games created for Daydream. The UI is interesting in that every app and game listing features it’s own fully 3D “room,” which can be anything from the inside of a building, a penthouse suite, or a world featured inside the game. It’s pretty impressive a fun way to get a taste of what the app or game offers. How does it compare to other popular VR headsets? Most VR headsets these days offer varying levels of the “VR experience” at different price points. Even though the Daydream View is nowhere near as high-end as the VR gaming offered by the HTC Vive or Oculus — both of which have you tethered to expensive gaming PCs — it’s still capable of providing a great VR experience for the money. With the Daydream View, Google is targeting this sort of low-to-mid-range segment. Priced competitively at $80, it undercuts other smartphone-based headsets like the Samsung Gear VR by a full $20 and does mostly the same thing — even more if you consider the fantastic wireless controller that comes in the box. Unlike the Gear VR — which is only compatible with Samsung smartphones — the Daydream View is open to all Android devices, regardless of the manufacturer providing they meet the necessary hardware requirements to ensure a proper VR experience. There’s certainly a market for approachable, casual gaming VR headsets and I think Google really hit the sweet spot with the Daydream View. You don’t even need to take out a second mortgage to experience the wonderful world of virtual reality. All you need is a compatible smartphone and you’re good to go. How well does it actually work? For me, the VR experience on the Daydream View was sort of mixed. There are some gaps between your face and the headset along the sides and bottom, something that can kill the immersive nature of VR, but nothing detrimental. Since you’re always looking forward and only moving your head to look around (not so much your eyes), you probably wont even notice the small gaps in your peripheral. The lenses inside the Daydream are fixed focus, so there’s no way to manually adjust them aside from adjusting the tightness of the strap (the more snug the headset, the better). There’s enough room inside the headset that even people with glasses can use it comfortably, although you will have to find the perfect placement for optimal clarity. Picture quality is so-so, but this largely has to do with the Pixel XL’s and Quad HD display, which simply isn’t that well-suited for VR when zoomed so close to your eyes. It doesn’t help that the display is also Pentile, so text and other images can appear blurry with a sort of checkerboard pattern to them. Thankfully this will only get better with time once 4K Ultra HD devices begin hitting the market. Since the headset is exceptionally light, it doesn’t weigh you down, although the Pixel XL adds a lot more weight to it. I also love that there isn’t a strap going over the top of your head like on other devices, although this can cause the headset to slip a bit with extended use. It’s not too big a deal, since all you have to do is reach up and physically make adjustments every now and then, but it can be a nuisance, especially when it starts putting pressure on the brow. The controller is easily the best part about the Daydream View. Setup is super easy (handled inside the Daydream app) and the controller acts as a sort of Wii-mote that’s perfect for casual gaming and pinpoint sharp for everything else. If you loved gaming on the Wii, you’ll feel right at home on the Daydream View. When it comes to extended use, the Daydream caused the Pixel XL to heat up quick, no matter what you were doing inside the app. This applied to watching videos in news apps, YouTube, and especially 3D gaming where the Pixel would get so hot, the Daydream app slow down to a crawl, eventually showing a notification warning that the app would close until the device cooled down. This was probably the biggest issue we faced when using the Daydream View, so you may want to sit close to a fan during prolonged sessions. Does it make you motion sick? The Daydream app running on the Pixel does a good job at keeping the frame rate high, something that’s supposed to help with motion sickness, but this doesn’t guarantee a sick-free experience. Of course, this mostly depends on the individual. For instance, my girlfriend was able to play fine for over a half hour (over-sized glasses and all), but I found that spending more than a few minutes in VR had me feeling extremely nauseous. To be fair, I also don’t handle roller coaster rides very well (especially those in 3D) and even though I was sitting the entire time and watching YouTube videos — not playing fast-paced action games — I was still left feeling physically ill. Google does provide motion warnings in the description of each app, but I think it has more to do with the headset, lenses, or screen flickering that could be causing the issue. Something about it just doesn’t agree with my vision and/or brain. For those susceptible to motion sickness, my advice would be to test out other VR headsets first. That, or stock up on Dramamine before it arrives. I’m not sure if my body simply has to adjust to VR, but I plan on updating this section in the future. What’s the content looking like? Apps and games made especially for the Daydream View is understandably a bit on the skimpy side. You wont find hundreds of apps to choose from, but Daydream does have a healthy helping of launch titles, everything from the usual video streaming services like Netflix and Hulu, news apps like The Guardian and The WSJ, and a dozen or so video games titles are all waiting for you. Google has done a good job of offering unique Daydream VR experiences for a handful of their own first party apps like YouTube 3D, Google Photos and Street View, but you may be surprised to find that a good portion of 3rd party apps asking a $5 entry fee. This may sound like a steep asking price for something as simple as a “star chart,” but most of the experiences take full advantage of Daydream, utilizing both fully 3D worlds and the View’s unique motion controller. It’s interesting that there are so many paid games — which cannot be played outside of Daydream — but perhaps this shows how serious Google is taking Daydream as its own self-sustaining platform. Although you will find a few VR variations of casual games already in the Play Store, Google managed to secure a few Daydream exclusives as well. The crazy part is how the hundreds of Google Cardboard apps already in the Google Play Store are not compatible with the Daydream View. It’s possible Google will add add some sort of cross platform functionality at a later time, but it seems like they really want to keep things separate. Just seems odd to not take advantage of the all the VR content that’s already there. For many of these apps and games, the question comes to down whether or not you want to go through the trouble of strapping on the headset and experiencing them in 3D, or just using the normal 2D versions the old fashioned way. For a list of all the launch titles that include both apps and games, check out: Best Apps for Daydream VR Best Games for Daydream VR Is the Daydream View worth it? Arguably the Daydream View’s biggest drawback is that it’s only compatible with the Google Pixel (for now). That part alone excludes the vast majority of Android users in the world, so anyone else who’s even considering buying the Daydream View will just have to wait. Although Daydream compatible phones are limited to only the Pixel at launch, expect most high-end handsets to offer support in the months and years to come. It will be interesting to see if there are any conflicts with Samsung who exclusively use their own VR platform, but we’ll have to wait until the Galaxy S8 to find out. For those that have the Pixel and have been looking to dive into the wonderful world of virtual reality, the Daydream is a great start. It may not be as robust as high-end VR rigs, but it’s not supposed to be. The casual gaming and VR content may be limited at launch, but I predict Daydream’s library to continue growing as the platform matures. Definitely gets a big two thumbs up from me. Google Daydream View Rating: star_fullstar_fullstar_fullstar_fullstar_50 (4.5 / 5) The Good Motion controller works great Lightweight Mostly comfortable Washable face cushion Interesting choice of build materials Solid value The Bad Only compatible with the Google Pixel (for now) Pentile display makes reading text extremely difficult Major performance issues with extended use (overheating) Not compatible with Google Cardboard apps Could be a bit more formfitting The Bottom Line Google is hoping to hit a sweet spot with consumers by offering a VR experience that’s both competent and affordable. The Daydream View is both of these things and, slight performance issues aside, anyone even thinking about investing in VR down the line should definitely give the Daydream View a shot. Without question, the Daydream View is the best VR experience you can get for under $80. Specs Forums Details   local_offer    Google Daydream  Google Daydream View  Resources   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (2) Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Developers can start building third-party actions for Google Assistant in December +3,510 Quentyn Kennemer Nov 10th, 2016 One of the major knocks on Google Assistant and Google Home right now is that they don’t do enough. It’s a nice start to a connected home future, but right now the duo seems like little more than voice-activated music and Google searches. But that could change as early as December. Google has revealed that they will be opening up their Actions on Google API to developers at that time. This API would allow developers to build third-party support for their apps in the Google Assistant, such as setting your Philips Hue lights, ordering products like rides from Uber, sending messages to your friends on whichever platform your fancy, and more. Developers can also take advantage of Conversation Actions which will help them build that natural conversation-style back-and-forth dialog between a user and the Google Assistant. And if all that isn’t enough, Google will even allow you to use Google Assistant on, well, any device you’re able to load it onto. This is all to combat Amazon’s Alexa which has had a very big head start to now. Amazon launches new third-party services and features every month thanks to their platform’s wealth of third-party APIs, and you don’t have to buy an Amazon device if you want the power of Alexa. It’s a point Google had to reach if they really wanted to compete in this space, and we’re happy it won’t take much longer for them to truly get the ball rolling. Developers who are interested in building for the Google Assistant can head here and sign up to be notified when more news is made available. In the meantime, if you just want to have a bit of fun, check out our list of 20 fun things you should try with Google Home and the Google Assistant. local_offer    Google   Google Assistant   Google Home   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (1) stars Further Reading Free Daydream Views now available Pixel cases may cause camera issues Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X get Pixel nav bar Google Play Music gets smart redesign Project ARA Q&A stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vertDIY: Use Puffy Paint to protect the back of your Google Pixel closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 7 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 8 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 9 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 10 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Best Daydream VR Apps +4,170 Joe Fedewa Nov 10th, 2016 Daydream VR turns your phone into a virtual theater, but the “performance” is fully dependent on what’s on the stage, and with VR headsets it’s all about the apps . Thankfully, there is a decent selection of apps for the Daydream View available at launch. YouTube and Street View are two that will keep people interested for the long haul. More will be coming before the end of this year. Here are the best you can expect to start with. YouTube Watch like never before, and experience the videos you know and love as well as new immersive 360-degree content for virtual reality. The YouTube app for Daydream is a much more fully fleshed out experience than you’ve seen in Google Cardboard. [Free] Street View Visit over 70 countries and experience 150 handcrafted tours of the world’s most amazing places. Use the remote to move along streets and travel the world from the comfort of your own home. [Free] Play Movies Your personal cinema with thousands of popular movies and TV shows to choose from. The movies are presented on a big screen so you feel like you’re watching in a unique environment, not just the living room couch. [Free] Google Photos Relive memories by stepping inside your VR photos and panoramas. The best way to experience the photos in VR is to use the Google Camera or Cardboard Camera apps for capture, then you’ll be able to see VR photos and panoramas you’ve taken in Google Photos in VR. [Free] Google Arts & Culture View artworks curated by museums from around the world, zoom-in to see extraordinary detail, and listen to audio guides of masterpieces. [Free] Star Chart VR You’ll explore the solar system in a beautiful and accurate real-time space simulation, from the Sun to the smallest moons of Saturn and out to the coldest, darkest, farthest reaches of Pluto. Use your remote to fling yourself through the galaxy. [$4.99 USD] 18 Daydream View Apps Coming Soon The six apps above are a good place to start, but soon there will be plenty more to choose from. Google will be adding at least 18 more Daydream apps by the end of this year. BBC CNN VR Fantastic Beasts Hello Mars (UCCVR) IdeaSpace (Wayfair) Invasion! (Baobab) NYT VR Relax VR (Now Technologies Play Ltd) The Rose and I (Penrose) The Turning Forest (BBC ) Underworld (The Guardian) VRtually There (USA Today) HBO Go Hulu VR Jaunt NBA NextVR Netflix We anticipate that the Daydream View Netflix app will be among the most popular. What app are you most excited to see on the Daydream View? local_offer    Daydream VR   Google   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (1) stars Further Reading Free Daydream Views now available Pixel cases may cause camera issues Google Play Music gets smart redesign Project ARA Q&A The Verizon Pixel XL is delayed again stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vertDIY: Use Puffy Paint to protect the back of your Google Pixel closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 7 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 8 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 9 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 10 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Daydream View Review Chris Burns - Nov 10, 2016 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Editors' Rating: 8/10 Pros Materials make device look and feel premium Controller feels light but legit, controls feel natural Works with Google's new Daydream VR software Big name brands onboard for future software Comfortable to wear and adjust on the fly Cons Price is too close to that of Gear VR, which is far more powerful Not a lot of games available at launch Does not come with protective cover for lenses Wirelessness means limited VR time Our Google Daydream View VR headset Review opens the door to a new era in Google’s mobile VR game, starting with Pixel. The first phones that work with Daydream are the Google Pixel and the Google Pixel XL, both of which are available at the same sources at the headset. The headset doesn’t physically connect to the smartphone, but the smartphone does require a certain set of features in order to work. Is this Google’s next big thing, or an unnecessary addition to Google’s already decent start in VR with Cardboard? Hardware Comfort and Usability The Google Daydream View headset is comfortable to wear and work with. Just as important, it’s easy to put on and adjust. When we’re using a headset like this that’s meant to be mobile, we’re expecting to show other people whenever we visit someplace where people haven’t seen such a thing before. Ease in adjustment is vital to this situation. Placing the smartphone in the front of the headset is simple, and making sure it’s aligned for both eyepieces is relatively intuitive. There aren’t any micro-adjustments to be made like in some alternative headsets. It seems as though Google is resting assured that our IPD (interpupillary distance) is whatever they’ve measured at the lab. So far so good. For those with glasses – wearing eyewear with an extra set of lenses like we have here with the Daydream View is never ideal. However, it does seem that Google has become a bit more aware of the situation as there is some give in the area surrounding the eye, making it OK for glasses. It’s still not as ideal as it is with the HTC Vive, but it’s decent. The materials the Daydream View is made with are fantastic. This is where most of the value in this headset is – in its professional, natural look and feel. It’s comfortable to wear, and extremely light, but it’s also made to be worn in the same way a baseball cap is made to be worn. Material choices here were made to be a mid-point between going all-out for fashion and sticking to the industrial darkness of every higher-priced VR headset for PC or game console. Google has created a wearable device that I don’t feel foolish for wearing. The Daydream controller is so interesting, we did our own teardown. Technically someone outside our normal team did and we used his photos, but still – we went inside this controller. Inside we found a neatly arranged set of hardware components held together with some easy-to-access screws and difficult-to-remove glue. What’s to be found in the Daydream controller is more than the sum of its parts. Using this controller feels natural to me, and for the most part it feels as though I’ve been using this control scheme for a long time. I feel that way because the HTC Vive uses something very similar. While the HTC Vive tracks its two controllers in 3D space, Daydream’s controller sticks in one place all the time, sort of. Using a set of sensors in the controller, the Pixel in the headset is able to turn movements into a tracking scheme in virtual space. Most of the time this means having a version of the controller floating in space in my line of virtual vision with some sort of rod out in front of it. Like a fishing pole or a selfie stick, this rod is able to grab onto things, tap or click, and move up, down, left, right, and everything in-between. It took me about 5 seconds to figure out how it all worked. The only issue I’ve had with the controller is with the touchpad. It seems as though sometimes my touch isn’t picked up as quick as it should be, and gestures become lost here and there. It’s very likely this has to do with something easily repairable with a software and/or firmware update from Google. In any case it’s not something over which I’d return the headset to the store. Basic Requirements Google’s requirements for smartphones working with Daydream – and this Daydream View headset – are stringent. Stringent for the collection of smartphones out on the market right this minute, that is. These requirements include a resolution at least 1080p @ 60Hz display with 3ms or less latency and 5ms or less persistence. (Quad HD or higher recommended.) They include OpenGL ES 3.2 and Vulkan, too. The ability to run 60fps rendering consistently isn’t easy, nor is the ability to decode 2 instances of 60fps video simultaneously – but that’s what Daydream requires. Displays can be anywhere between 4.7 and 6-inches in size on Daydream-capable smartphones, and they’ll need Bluetooth 4.2 LE and temperature sensors capable of reading device surface temperature, too. All of these features are included with the Google Pixel and Pixel XL, of course. These are requirements for a device wishing to run Daydream with “high performance” – though that’s not always necessary. All virtual reality experiences that cost the amount this accessory does should be able to keep its user away from a regular headache – so high performance is best. Google’s Daydream Apps Google has several of its most popular apps available in VR-mode for Daydream. This is the first time all of these apps have been available with such presentation-ready quality to them. YouTube VR, Google Play Movies, Google Photos, Google Street View, and Google Arts & Culture VR are all available for free, right out the gate. YouTube VR allows the viewing of spherical videos, and Google Play Movies allows viewing movies and TV shows on a flat screen. Google Play Movies app shows a very simple UI in which the user selects titles and plays them. Once played, the selection UI turns to a flat screen while the user sits and watches in a 3D environment. Unfortunately there is no 3D movie support in Google Play Movies, yet. YouTube VR offers 360 spherical videos and Spatial Audio, which sounds great when plugged in to a pair of compatible headphones. YouTube VR does not yet support any sort of 3D viewing, but does have a theater mode much like Google Play Movies. Google Street View has a much-improved interface from the switching back and forth of Cardboard’s Street View. Users are able to visit a set of interesting places and the Daydream controller assists in moving them around. It’s interesting, but still quite flat. For someone who has never experienced it before, it’s quite magical. Google Arts & Culture has a lot of potential for those looking to learn about important works of art. In the app, Google presents a museum setting and an interface where a collection of major artworks (flat artworks) can be seen. In collaboration with the real museums that hold the rights to these real artworks, Google presents each work of art up close and personal, with a guide who explains the significance of each piece. Opening and exploring Google Photos is a real treat for users – like myself – who have captured a collection of spherical and 360-degree panoramic photos. The app concentrates its efforts on these, allowing exploration of these photos as they were meant to be seen. The user interface in this app was simple and intuitive and experiencing the media I’d captured in the past here in this environment was a joy. Google recommends using the Cardboard Camera app to photograph images that’ll be compatible with this Google Photos Daydream app. We recommend you also consider the Ricoh Theta S spherical camera device. 3rd-party Daydream Apps The non-Google apps available to Daydream at this time are few, but decent. Playing a VR version of Mekorama feels like an obvious step forward for the already-great game, for instance. Using the Daydream controller means pulling, pushing, grabbing and turning each level with what’s essentially a long wand. This might not be as relaxing as the original version of the game at first. Once I got the hang of it, Mekorama became a whole new game in VR. EarthShape gives us a very basic taste of what it’ll be like to move through other user interfaces with alternate selection wands – like gloved hands. This game is mostly an exercise in making a flat puzzle game into a VR experience with animations that happen after puzzles are solved. The same could also begin to be said of Wonderglade, but Wonderglade does so much more. Wonderglade’s first puzzle turns the Daydream controller into a game table where a ball is balanced through a racetrack. Star Chart VR uses the controller as a menu, and a display for text, and a laser pointer selection tool. Basically Star Chart VR turns the controller into a smartphone. There’s a lot more in the pipeline for this platform set for release by the end of the year than there is available right this minute. Games like Danger Goat, Action Bowling, and Wands are going to be titles to watch. Wrap-up The Google Daydream View headset and controller are two parts of a future I’m glad to be a part of. With it, I’m able to see new environments and play games that defy traditional notions of what computers are able to be for their users. I’m also able to get these things from many modern smartphones working with Google Cardboard. For a person like myself, it’s on Google to convince me that the Daydream View headset is worth the extra price over Cardboard. Especially since Google is now selling their own Google Cardboard headsets for $15 apiece through the same store as the Daydream View headset, it’s important that I know the difference. I currently remain unconvinced that it’s necessary to fill the spot between Cardboard and Samsung Gear VR. The Samsung Gear VR costs around $100, and the company has given loads of them away with purchase of Galaxy smartphone over the past couple of years. The Gear VR with a Samsung smartphone presents a significantly more comfortable visual experience than Daydream does with a Pixel. I wish the Gear VR had the Daydream controller to work with, but alas, it does not. At this time I do not feel that the Daydream View headset is worth the full $70 it costs, not when there’s a $15 (or free) Google Cardboard headset also available. However, I do feel that improvements that need to be made all rest within the software of the Pixel and the Daydream controller. Both the Pixel and the Daydream controller can be updated and upgraded by Google remotely, so there’s lots of potential brewing here – lots indeed. Story Timeline How Google will bring Daydream to you Google Daydream Dev Kit first-impressions: Nexus Smooth Google Daydream Labs tackle virtual reality's social problems Google Daydream headset release date and pricing revealed Google Daydream View worldwide release detailed Google Daydream Controller Teardown : Red Flags Tags CardboardDaydreamgooglegoogle cardboardGoogle PixelPhonespixelPixel XLsmartphonevirtual realityvr Must Read Bits & Bytes 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
null
clock menu more-arrow Circuit Breaker Google Tech Review Google Daydream View review: mobile VR done mostly right My VR daily driver by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy Nov 11, 2016, 9:00am EST share tweet Linkedin Nearly a year ago, I wrote about a then-new product called the Samsung Gear VR — a mobile phone-powered headset that promised cheap, mainstream virtual reality, but it delivered something I wasn’t quite sure what to do with. The Gear VR felt innovative but clumsy, powerful but isolating. Mobile VR could do great things, but not in a way that worked for me. For the last week, I’ve been trying a new product built on much the same premise: Google’s Daydream View, a $79 pair of goggles that work with the new Pixel and Pixel XL phones. The View is the first of what Google says will be several headsets made for Daydream, a VR platform that was introduced in Android 7.1 Nougat. As Daydream’s herald, the View has to win over two different groups of people: the consumers deciding whether they’ll use the platform, and the manufacturers who are weighing how heavily they’ll invest in it down the road. It’s doing so by making some of the most interesting hardware choices I’ve seen in VR, producing a headset unlike anything on the market. But like so much VR, the software it supports is still more about potential than reality. The difference between Daydream and any amount of VR vaporware, though, is that this potential isn’t just clear — it seems well within reach. On a structural level, the Daydream View is much like Samsung’s Gear VR, or even Google’s super-simple Cardboard headsets. It’s a molded shell that accommodates a mobile phone, with a one-handed control scheme — in this case, a small bundled remote with limited motion tracking capabilities. For now, the View is Pixel-only, but it’s designed for any Daydream-compatible phone that’s released down the line. Beyond that controller, there are no flashy new features on Daydream. It doesn’t include innovations like inside-out cameras or eye-tracking, to name two of Google’s rumored VR projects. It doesn’t mimic real-world motion like the HTC Vive or Oculus Rift, with room-scale tracking and full-fledged virtual hands. You won’t even find the Gear VR’s pass-through camera feature, which lets you "turn on" the real world. Looking for exotic tech in Daydream is missing the point That’s because looking for exotic tech in Google’s headset is missing the point of Daydream. Despite their limited capabilities, existing mobile headsets — primarily Cardboard and the Gear VR — have attracted a striking number of game developers. Virtual reality videos are far more likely to appear on mobile headsets than Rifts or Vives, particularly because YouTube already supports Cardboard. But this content is fun in spite of existing hardware, not because of it. Mobile VR doesn’t necessarily need more features, it just needs the existing ones wrapped in a package that people can enjoy instead of endure. In my personal experience, the View is the best mobile headset I’ve ever used. Its squishy foam-and-fabric body is significantly smaller, lighter, and more portable than the Gear VR, and its design keeps the lenses relatively protected during travel. Like PlayStation VR, the View rests more weight on your forehead than your cheeks, an option I’ve found more comfortable — I can wear it easily for hours at a time, compared to about the five minutes I can hold a Google Cardboard to my face before my arms get stiff. The head strap’s use of plastic sliders instead of velcro patches gives it a wider range of sizes and avoids gathering lint. The whole design, which could almost pass for an airplane sleep mask, avoids looking ostentatiously high-tech or intimidating. Wearing any VR headset around other people is still awkward, but with the View, I feel a little less like somebody bringing their desktop computer to a coffee shop. The View launches today in only one color, a heathered slate gray; "crimson" and "snow" versions will come in the weeks to follow. Crimson seems to be the universal favorite, but I’ve become a fan of the slate’s low-key sweatshirt vibe as well. It’s spot-cleanable but so far dirt-resistant, and the mask — where all your face grime accumulates — detaches neatly for hand-washing. Just as importantly, the View smooths out a lot of the speed bumps around entering and leaving VR. Even as someone who covers VR professionally, I’ve sometimes put off using the Gear VR because of its clumsy setup, which involves snapping your phone delicately onto a USB jack — often more than once, when the startup software fails to launch. The View, by contrast, uses a flat tray that clamps almost any reasonably sized phone to the front of the headset, held shut by a small elastic loop at the top. If that phone is Daydream-compatible, has the Daydream app installed, and is placed with the volume and power buttons facing upward, an NFC chip on the tray will tell it to launch into VR. A pair of capacitive plastic nubs detect where the screen should center, eliminating the trial-and-error adjustments that Cardboard sometimes required. The View is best once you’ve gotten to know it I’ve done this roughly five-second process dozens of times (at least) with the Pixel and Pixel XL, and it’s worked almost invariably. If you have to do something outside VR — like granting app permissions, which you’ll need to do occasionally — it’s easy to open the tray and take a peek without totally removing the phone. I’m not sure how well my experience generalizes, though, because the things I find innovative about the View have confused most of the colleagues I’ve tested it on. It doesn’t have an overhead strap like most VR headsets, so people tend to pull its headband too tight to compensate, causing a headache and tilting the body in a way that lets light in. Without a focus wheel, they’ve had trouble moving it around to get the best-quality image. And I’ve had to explain the slider system to almost everyone who’s seen it. Once you’ve found the perfect View adjustment, it feels great — or at least, it does for me. But if you let a friend try one for a few minutes, they might just think it’s ill-fitting. The Pixel and Pixel XL also don’t provide the exact same experience. Both phones are equally powerful, and the displays are highly responsive, albeit as grainy as every other headset. I’ve gotten a roughly similar three to four hours of solid use out of both — and the USB-C charging port is unobstructed, so they’re not difficult to plug in and keep using. But compared to the 5.5-inch XL, the 5-inch Pixel distinctly narrows your field of view by a few degrees, leaving slim vertical bars around the edge of your vision. Even with these caveats, though, the View offers a great core experience without a major investment of time, money, or effort — a truly casual kind of virtual reality. This provides breathing room that mobile VR, including the early Daydream catalog, still needs. Google has promised over 50 Daydream apps by the end of the year, similar to what Sony's promised for PlayStation VR. Today, it's listing 25 launch apps, split evenly between games and non-game experiences. I was also able to launch Cardboard apps on my Pixel and use them with the View, expanding the overall options. But during our review period, we had access to ten apps, half of which were from Google. The list included a couple of puzzle and action games, Google’s photo and video viewers, The Wall Street Journal’s VR news app, and educational offerings like an interactive star chart. These are all competently executed projects, and most of them nicely avoid the need for frequent 360-degree spinning, something I found alienating on Gear VR. Things like Star Chart tie nicely into Google's educational program as well. Most of the work I've spent time with so far, though, doesn’t show the intense ambition that Oculus has encouraged, nor the quirky high-concept experimentation that Vive (and some Gear VR) developers have embraced. And things like Photos and Play Movies feel like the utility apps on your PC or phone — you should expect them to be there, but they’re not marquee selling points. Daydream's apps are competent, but not always ambitious Google’s anchor so far is the Daydream version of YouTube, which includes a VR-friendly interface and voice search options. It plays both 360-degree and flatscreen videos, the latter on an adjustable big screen in a subtly shaded gray dome. And this could take Daydream far. At last month’s Connect conference, Oculus revealed that Gear VR users spent roughly equal amounts of time in active games and more passive experiences like videos. YouTube is already a clearinghouse of 360-degree video, and Google is commissioning several YouTube-exclusive VR series. But it’s interactivity, and the handheld controller, that really sets Daydream apart. Google’s remote has a clickable trackpad on the top, a button that generally brings up in-game menus, and a "home" button that can be long-pressed to recenter the headset, along with volume rockers along the side. It doesn’t have true motion tracking, but its internal sensors make it a very precise laser pointer. Software tweaks can let it mirror limited natural arm motion, and a menu option optimizes its orientation for either your left or right hand. If you think of the remote like a miniature Rift or Vive controller, it will be disappointing — don’t expect to reach out and grab things with your hands, for example. Its plastic also feels a little cheap, although that’s fairly appropriate given the price. But it’s already being put to work in a wide variety of uses. In one Daydream mini-game, you throw sticks for a VR canine; in another, the controller becomes a golf club. Other titles use it in less literal ways. The strongest game I've played on Daydream, a Diablo-like dungeon-crawler called Hunter’s Gate, has players move by treating the trackpad like a joystick and shoot by pointing the controller at enemies. This combination of motions feels like trying to simultaneously pat your head and rub your stomach at first, but once you get used to it, it’s an elegant adaptation of gamepad controls. On a broader level, the controller feels natural in a way that other mobile VR controls generally don’t. Both Cardboard and Gear VR make wearers tap or swipe their temples, using a button and trackpad respectively. It’s tiring to keep your hand up all the time, and putting it down means fumbling for the controls again every time you need them. Some Gear VR games allow or require third-party Bluetooth controllers, but they’re inconvenient to buy separately and carry around. The remote is both more compact and more capable, and an elastic band in the headset tray keeps it stored safely between uses. Finally, a mobile VR controller that makes sense The remote’s shortcomings are minor annoyances. My controller’s position sometimes drifted out of place, mostly during experiences that snap the cursor toward something on-screen, pulling it away from the remote’s real-world orientation. Recentering takes only a moment, but it makes the otherwise polished interface feel unreliable — the worst thing an input device can be. The controller uses the same USB-C jack as the Pixel phone, and Google says it gets around 12 hours of life, which roughly tallies with my experience. But short of a last-ditch low-power light, you can’t check its battery level. Daydream is supposed to be a quick, breezy platform, and if I’m picking the View up for a day trip, I should be able to gauge whether I’ve got enough battery life to make it worth bringing, even if I forgot to charge it the night before. Mostly, though, I just want more from Daydream. That includes more experiences, but also more from the interface itself. Daydream is supposed to be tightly integrated with Android, and it can leverage people’s existing Google accounts to make things like buying apps from its Play Store seamless. Daydream will deliver important notifications while you’re in VR, although you have to exit to do things like grant permissions or connect to a Wi-Fi network. But it feels like it should do so much more. Google Assistant, a major selling point of the Pixel, could effectively give Daydream a hands-free user interface for everything from browsing the web to sending text messages. Instead of a walled entertainment garden, mobile VR could feel like a real operating system, even if it’s a limited one. For now, though, Assistant appears only as a voice search feature in YouTube. Google designed an entire hands-free interface and didn’t use it This sense of unrealized potential is common for VR hardware. But one of Daydream’s strengths is that there’s a much clearer roadmap than usual. When I asked about Assistant, for example, a Google spokesperson readily provided hypothetical examples of Daydream integration; in the long run, it seems inevitable. Apps are still thin on the ground, but I’d be happy just to see most of the Gear VR catalog show up on Daydream — which, after the highly curated launch period, is a fairly realistic expectation. Unfortunately, there’s one big problem with Google’s plan: if you have an iPhone, you’re out of luck. If Daydream successfully expands beyond the Pixel, and other manufacturers make their own alternative headsets, it could become a universal Android VR platform. But even if this happens, that still cuts out a huge portion of smartphone users, and Google has told me repeatedly that its tight integration with Android makes an iOS release unlikely. This might not be an issue for VR video, which is easy to distribute across almost any headset. But developers could be less likely to make complex experiences for Google’s unique control system, removing one of the View’s major advantages. Daydream probably won’t be where I have my most amazing VR moments, and I’m hoping to see wilder and weirder things from Google now that it’s launched. But the View is a much-needed daily driver, a cheap and comfortable venue for the VR mobile apps and videos people point me toward every week. The only question is whether its platform can become something more — and, if it does, just how far it can go. Photography by James Bareham. This review was originally published on November 10, 2016 and has been updated on November 11, 2016 to include video. Google Daydream View 8.3 Verge Score Good Stuff: Clever, ergonomic hardware design Versatile, convenient controller Lots of potential for Android integration Bad Stuff: Only compatible with Google Pixel at launch Finding the best fit takes time Still waiting for killer apps Circuit Breaker Toms-branded Apple Watch bands are for when you want to look like a woke bae Circuit Breaker Aiaiai’s modular headphones can be upgraded to Bluetooth with this swappable headband Circuit Breaker Roccat's new over-ear headphones let you switch mics for mobile gaming View all stories in Circuit Breaker Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Google Firebase Adds Analytics, Improves Gaming   Login Register Edit Profile Change Region About Us   Home News Mobile/phone Main Menu Home Book Reviews Book Watch News Projects The Core Babbage's Bag History Swift's Spreadsheets The Stone Tapes Professional Programmer eBooks Programmer Puzzles Bargain Computer Books CodeBin I Programmer Weekly New Articles! IBM, Slack, Watson and the Era of Cognitive Computing Just JavaScript - In The Beginning Was The Object Android App Architecture - An Overview Of Async More Monitors! jQuery 3 - Creating & Modifying The DOM JavaScript Data Structures - The Associative Array Peachpie Open Source PHP to .NET Compiler Android Adventures - Events Fundamental C - Program Structure What Makes A Programmer Udemy's Angular 2-The Complete Guide Course Review Java Data Types - Numeric Data jQuery 3 - Modifying DOM Objects Android Adventures - Building The UI 2.2 How Will AI Transform Life By 2030? Initial Report New Book Reviews! Social eCommerce Scrum For The Rest Of Us! Seven Concurrency Models in Seven Weeks Developer Testing - Building Quality Into Software Introducing Microsoft SQL Server 2016 Modern Web Development Optimized C++ Learning Perl, 7th Edition Begin to Code with C# Ada's Algorithm Raspberry Pi User Guide (4e) The Java Tutorial 6th Ed ASP.NET 4.6 Web Programming with C# 2015 Data Analytics With Hadoop Professional C# 6 and .NET Core 1.0 Popular Articles Arrays in Python Android Adventures - Getting Started With Android Studio 2.2 Can You Do The Regular Expression Crossword? Getting started with Excel VBA Beautiful Architecture JavaScript Data Structures - Associative Array A Worm's Mind In A Lego Body Using the WPF .NET 4.0 DataGrid Data structures - Trees Sorting algorithms as dances Dumping .NET - Microsoft's Madness Weak typing - the lost art of the keyboard Online regular expression generator A Better Way To Program A Crab-Based Computer The Mod Function Google Firebase Adds Analytics, Improves Gaming Written by Kay Ewbank    Thursday, 10 November 2016 At this week's Firebase Summit in Berlin Google announced a range of improvements for Firebase, its app development platform. Firebase, a backend a service for developers creating realtime apps for iOS, Android and the web, which originated in 2011, joined Google in October 2014 as its a cloud-based Baas (backend as a service). As we reported at the time, at this year's I/O event Google showcased a revamped version with improvements that make use of various Google developer tools such as Cloud Messaging.The latest round of enhancements strengthen Firebase as Google’s unified app development platform, encompassing mobile and web. Alongside the improved analytics and gaming support, Firebase Crash Reporting is out of beta with a new feature designed to help you diagnose and reproduce app crashes. Firebase Crash Reporting now shows Firebase Analytics event data in the logs for each crash. You get data such as the screens users visited, along with any custom events and parameters you log using Firebase Analytics. Firebase Crash Reporting works for both iOS and Android apps.   Support for more devices has been added to Firebase Test Lab for Android, and a free tier has been added. Firebase Test Lab lets you test your app on many physical and virtual devices in the cloud. Developers on the free Spark service tier can run five tests per day on physical devices and ten tests per day on virtual devices. The improvements to Firebase Analytics include live reporting, integration with Google Data Studio, and real-time exporting to BigQuery. The better games support comes from a new plugin for Unity that supports Analytics, the Realtime Database, Authentication, Dynamic Links, Remote Config, and Notifications. The C++ SDK has also been expanded with Realtime Database support. FirebaseUI has also been updated. This is a library with UI elements that you can use when creating apps, and it also provides a quick way to integrate with Firebase. The new version has a drop-in UI flow for Firebase Authentication, with common identity providers such as Google, Facebook, and Twitter. There's also new client-side joins and intersections for the Realtime Database, and it's easier to download and display images from Firebase Storage using new integrations with Glide and SDWebImage. The video below is the keynote on Firebase from the Firebase Dev Summit in Berlin     More Information Video From Firebase Dev Summit Firebase Demo App Firebase Site Related Articles Google Revamps Firebase As App Platform Google Adds Firebase To Its Cloud Google Announces Compute Engine - At Last An Alternative to Amazon AWS    To be informed about new articles on I Programmer, sign up for our weekly newsletter,subscribe to the RSS feed and follow us on, Twitter, Facebook, Google+ or Linkedin.    European Astro Pi Challenge 23/10/2016 The European Space Agency (ESA) is inviting teams of students who are 16 years old and younger to run science experiments run on the International Space Station (ISS). + Full Story Jumpstart Your Career In Game Development With Udemy 03/11/2016 If you dream about creating the next blockbuster game that goes viral and makes your fortune, Udemy offers two courses that could help you make a start. One introduces the Unity engine while the other [ ... ] + Full Story More News Microsoft Ditches Fitness Band SDK Microsoft C++/WinRT //No Comment - Cesium For Time-Series, Google Weather Data & Kissing Cuisines Kotlin 1.05 Released Microsoft Turns LightSwitch Off TJBot - Using Raspberry Pi With Watson Zooids Zoom Around Your Desktop Microsoft Student Contests Emphasize Azure Taking Code to the Classroom Neural Networks Have A Universal Flaw Windows 10 Stalls Passive Haptic Learning - The No Effort Way To Learn Atom Asks About Telemetry   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Last Updated ( Thursday, 10 November 2016 )     Follow @Iprogrammerinfo     RSS feed of news items only Copyright © 2016 i-programmer.info. All Rights Reserved. Joomla! is Free Software released under the GNU/GPL License. Powered by Joomla!. ValidXHTML andCSS.
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Entertainment Meghan’s bro tips she’ll marry Harry People’s new Sexiest Man Alive Why The Eagles are finished Kanye’s bizarre pick to play him in movie Eccentrically exotic, but no Harry Potter Emma Watson is Belle of the ball What his presidency means for Trump’s celeb fans Documentary leaves viewers in shock music music videos Hilltop Hoods share film about son’s cancer battle to fund project for young patients to go to gigs November 11, 20163:18pm Video Image At home with the Hoods3:02 Go for an exclusive look in the Adelaide home studio where the Hilltop Hoods recorded their sixth album 'Drinking with the Sun'. March 5th 2012 5 years ago /video/video.news.com.au/Entertainment/ Dan Smith from the Hilltop Hoods (MC Pressure) launches an interactive video for Through The Dark about his son's cancer battle. Picture: Tim Hunter. Kathy McCabeNews Corp Australia Network Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend FOR six long, heartbreaking months, Hilltop Hoods MC Pressure lived in a hospital room as his then eight-year-old son Liam underwent chemotherapy for leukaemia. Each night as his little boy slept, the father wrote songs in a desperate attempt to make sense of the life and death struggle every family endures when cancer strikes a loved one. One of those songs, Through The Dark, is the story of those six months of hell and it not only has a happy ending for Liam but hopefully for other young cancer sufferers like him thanks to the groundbreaking video which launches on Friday. The Hoods have teamed up with Google Play to create an interactive 3D animated music video which will raise funds for CanTeen to kickstart a bold project to give cancer patients special access to concerts. Dan Smith explains how Google and the Hilltop Hoods came to work on the interactive video Pressure, aka Dan Smith, said he wrote and rewrote Through The Dark as Liam underwent treatment. “It came out as a song about a father’s love for his son and his words of encouragement and positivity for a bright future for his boy,” Smith said. “Four years later, he has that bright future; he was two years in remission and now two years cancer-free.” The tech giant was keen to partner with the Hoods on an artistic venture because the Australian hip hop heroes are one of their most popular acts on the Google Play platform. Smith said they suggested working on a video for Through The Dark and the concept evolved into the innovative clip which changes between two versions, the “light” representing hope and “dark” representing fear. The clip switches between the two versions of the video when you tilt or rotate your device. It also works on a desktop. Tilting and rotating the phone switches the video from the “light” version to the “dark”. Picture: SuppliedSource:Supplied And because so many fans and parents shared their stories about living with cancer when the song was released, Google and the Hoods decided to use the video to raise funds for Side Of Stage. Google’s Sophie Hirst said the film was evidence that “music and technology is an exciting place to play in.” “Behind the scenes, this film is made entirely of code. For example, using 3D cameras mapped to the phone’s accelerometer, the film uses mobile technology combined with complex modelling and animation to capture the sense of a world turned upside down. We’re really pushing the limits of what a phone can do,” she said. She also jokingly revealed that Smith had one “diva” moment when he requested changes to the face of his father character in the video. Through The Dark live was a poignant moment on the band’s orchestral tour this year. Picture: Simon CrossSource:News Corp Australia “I didn’t like me! He was a bit too anime Astro-boy and now I look more lumberjack, which I like,” Smith said. The Hoods have received overwhelming support from the local concert industry for Side Of Stage with the Laneway and Groovin’ The Moss festivals and TEG Live promoters already signing up to offer cancer patients an opportunity to get to gigs. CanTeen’s CEO Peter Orchard said music can be therapeutic for young cancer patients. “Every year, another 23,000 young people have their world turned upside down by cancer,” he said. “They often feel incredibly isolated and many miss out on fun experiences like seeing live music that should be part of a carefree adolescence. “Music is also widely used as a therapeutic tool for adolescents and young adults affected by cancer as it can help to improve anxiety, mood, and pain.” Watch the video now throughthedark.withgoogle.com Add your comment to this story Comments Form Enter your comment here * 1200 characters left Your details Name (as it will appear on the site)* Email Address * Location (optional) Post Options Remember my details Email me if my comment is published News.com.au's Privacy Policy includes important information about our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information (including to provide you with targeted content and advertising based on your online activities). It explains that if you do not provide us with information we have requested from you, we may not be able to provide you with the goods and services you require. It also explains how you can access or seek correction of your personal information, how you can complain about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles and how we will deal with a complaint of that nature. Submit Jump back to top Right now in entertainment 49Readers Meghan Markle’s brother Thomas Markle tips she’ll marry boyf... 32Readers The Rock: Dwayne Johnson named People’s Sexiest Man Alive 24Readers Planet Earth II documentary shocks with footage of leopard b... 22Readers Kanye West in talks with Will Ferrell to make his life story... 22Readers Delta Goodrem shuts down Karl Stefanovic dating rumours A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2016. All times AEDT (GMT +11).
null
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Caseology Introduces Stylish Cases for Google Pixel and Pixel XL Designed with a Modern Aesthetic and High-Grade Materials, New Cases Deliver Reliable Protection and Fashion-Inspired Looks for Google Smartphones News provided by Caseology Nov 10, 2016, 19:58 ET Share this article CERRITOS, Calif., Nov. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Caseology, a fashion accessory brand known for its beautifully-designed and functional portfolio of phone cases for various manufacturers, including Apple and Samsung, today announced the launch of its newest line of cases for the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones. Comprised of three stylish collections, the latest family of cases from Caseology offers the same thoughtful attention to detail and design customers have come to expect from the brand. The new lineup provides a refreshed take on Caseology's wildly popular Parallax, Waterfall and Vault series, integrating a mixture of textures, high-quality materials – such as thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU) – and scratch-resistant designs. "Google has impressed us all with its launch of the Pixel and Pixel XL devices, and we know consumers will be looking for reliable 'tech-cessories'  that will protect their investment and match their personal style.  That's why we've spent the time and energy necessary to design cases we're confident will parallel the new phones' stunning aesthetic and functionality, while also giving consumers the ability to express their individuality," said Andrew Kim, product designer for Caseology. "Nowadays, phones are not just tools to communicate, but they represent who we are as people and can even help us make a statement. The ability to match a phone case to an outfit or trend can be an empowering form of self-expression. We strongly believe our new options for the Google Pixel and Pixel XL will not only effectively protect the new phones, but will also complement the personalities and preferences of our customers." Continue Reading Caseology Introduces Stylish Cases for Google Pixel and Pixel XL Caseology's selection of cases for the Google Pixel and Pixel XL feature a patented interior design that incorporates intricate details, refined accents, and quality materials such as thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU) and polycarbonate (PC). With accessible price points, the three series consist of: Vault Series ($21.99)—the Vault Series cases designed for Google Pixel are slim yet extremely durable, with an elegant build that embodies a minimalist aesthetic. Cases are laser-etched, feature a carbon fiber texture and TPU material to reliably protect against unexpected slips and prevent scratches and fingerprints. Available in Black. Waterfall Series ($21.99)—the extremely minimal Waterfall Series features clean, smooth lines with flexible transparent acrylic material to effectively display the Google Pixel's brilliant design and protect against impact. Available in Clear. Parallax Series ($24.99)—for those who appreciate modern trends, the Parallax series' dynamic geometric pattern creates a sense of movement and texture for the discerning eye. Featuring flexible TPU sleeves and smooth polycarbonate bumpers, the cases incorporate three-dimensional moldings and soft coatings to provide a comfortable grip. Available in Black, Navy, Pink, and Burgundy colorways. Caseology's full range of Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL cases are now available for pre-order at www.CaseologyCases.com. Limited colorways are available for immediate purchase, with the full portfolio expected to be available by the week of Nov. 23. For more information on Caseology's full lineup of products, or to make a purchase, please visit CaseologyCases.com. About Caseology Founded in 2014, Caseology is a fashion accessory brand designing stylish, best-selling cell phone cases for consumers' busy lifestyles. With more than 350 products in its portfolio, Caseology continues to push the envelope on innovating 'tech-cessories' for iPhone and Android devices, including the recently-released Galaxy Note 7. Focused on innovation and spreading goodness, the company is keenly aware of changing tastes and needs, and translates that into quality, inspired products that combine high-grade materials for protection with unmatched attention to detail. Currently, Caseology is one of Amazon's Top 50 Sellers Worldwide, with products that continuously rank in the top 20 Best Selling Cell Phone Cases on Amazon. For more information, visit www.CaseologyCases.com or follow Caseology on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.  Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161109/437627 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160824/400786LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/caseology-introduces-stylish-cases-for-google-pixel-and-pixel-xl-300360170.html SOURCE Caseology Related Links http://www.caseologycases.com Sep 12, 2016, 08:01 ET Preview: Caseology Launches Fashion-Forward Phone Cases for Apple® iPhone® 7 and 7 Plus My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Sep 12, 2016, 08:01 ETCaseology Launches Fashion-Forward Phone Cases for Apple® iPhone®... Aug 24, 2016, 08:01 ETCaseology Announces Availability of Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Phone... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Consumer Electronics Peripherals New Products & Services You just read: Caseology Introduces Stylish Cases for Google Pixel and Pixel XL News provided by Caseology Nov 10, 2016, 19:58 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google houses 1,000 employees in new Singapore office Serving as its Asia-Pacific headquarter, Google's new Singapore office has grown from just 24 employees in 2007 to now house "a growing engineering team". By Eileen Yu for By The Way | November 10, 2016 -- 10:28 GMT (02:28 PST) | Topic: Cloud Google now employs some 1,000 staff in Singapore, where it has moved to a new office building and looks to support an expanding team. Serving as the company's Asia-Pacific headquarters, the local office was first established in 2007 with a team of 24 and since grown to 1,000, supporting the region's consumers and enterprise customers, said Caesar Sengupta, Google's vice president of product management. Latest news on Asia China maintains No. 1, No. 2 supercomputing systems as HPC gets more power ​Samsung to acquire US automotive firm Harman for $8 billion Rocky road ahead for China and Trump-led US ​LG V20 sells double that of predecessor in the US Alibaba rings up record $17.7B on Singles Day shopping festival The new premise, located at Mapletree Business City II, was home to "a growing engineering team" and employees in sales, marketing, operations, and partnerships, amongst others, Sengupta said. Speaking at the opening, Singapore's Minister for Trade and Industry S. Iswaran said the nation, amid higher digitalisation of cross-border trade, must aim to establish leadership in digital sectors including software, devices, and infrastructure to remain "a key economic node in the digital economy". He said digitisation was forecast to generate US$2 trillion in additional output by 2020, and would help businesses including startups and SMBs partake in the global economy with greater speed and scale. "Singapore aims to become the digital capital of Asia and a smart nation, with a comprehensive ecosystem of technology and media providers," Iswaran said, adding that more than 200 of the world's leading digital companies today had made Singapore their headquarters as well as established management and innovation teams here. In addition, more than 1,000 technology startups currently operated in the country, spanning various sectors including fintech, advertising technology, and analytics, the minister said. Alongside the launch of its new office, Google also introduced its Code in the Community initiative here Thursday, with the aim to offer the computer science and computational course to 3,000 young Singaporeans. According to Sengupta, it had partnered four local self-help ethnic groups including Singapore Indian Development Association and The Eurasian Association, and would be hosting weekend classes for kids aged 8 and 15. Starting in early-2017, the programme would run for three years. "We will also be engaging with the community through a series of tech talks, meet-ups, and interview workshops that we we hope will give Singaporeans aspiring to pursue a career in tech a headstart," he said. Google currently operates two data centres in Singapore, which also will be one of three new cloud regions in Asia to be added in the next year, including Mumbai and Sydney. It launched its Tokyo cloud platform earlier this week and also runs a cloud region in Taiwan. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Big Data Analytics Hortonworks comes to the Amazon AWS cloud Cloud Salesforce updates Trailhead to help developers showcase skills Cloud 35 percent of cloud computing spending is wasted, says RightScale Cloud Microsoft Azure adds Pivotal's Cloud Foundry × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Predicting the polls – did Google know Trump and Brexit would happen? Written by Tim Skinner 5 days ago In the aftermath of 2016’s second historical political event, we ask whether Google search data predicted both Brexit and Donald Trump’s win. Social media went mental, protests rose up across the country and civil unrest threatens to dominate the days following Donald Trump securing his seat in the Oval Office for the next four years. It was a similar tale for the Brexit vote in June. So far, things aren’t quite as crazy today as they were in the immediate aftermath yesterday; and over in the UK the view from the outside reminds us all of Brexit. In each election, the majority of people were left surprised by the outcome, and the level of consternation stemmed from the pollsters’ inability to definitively determine the general attitude of the average Joe. On each occasion (Brexit and the US presidential election), pollsters predicted narrow wins for the eventual losers, presumably based on the opinions of the more outspoken minority – in the case of Brexit the minority was the defeated Remain campaign, obviously more recently it was the Democratic voters. Since the election, Google has announced how search trends leaned towards either Trump or Clinton as the election campaign reached its climax over the last six weeks. The analysed period includes the three televised presidential debates so fluctuations in who dominated search rankings is only natural. The question of reliability is always a valid one in this context. Political occasions such as this have such immense significance and societal impact that inaccuracies are no longer tolerated. People lie, people search for negative stuff online as much as they do positive, so the reliability of search trends en masse is questionable when you’re looking for specific and granular insight. “When you have something as big as an election, you’ll find it will always be open to data sourcing issues,” Jonathan Forbes, CTO of Analytics from data specialists Aquila Insights told Telecoms.com. “Why? Well people lie, many have strong views but don’t want to talk to pollsters, different polling channels have biases, and most obvious, people change their mind.  The difficulty of modelling human motivation at scale, the impact of externalities, margins of error and revealed preference, really means that there’s always scope for an against-the-odds win. A more sophisticated approach is required to understand why people do what they do.” That said, the level of insight available if a political party were to fully harness search data could be golden. Imagine if, say, the Remain camp from Brexit were able to fully understand the thought processes, the concerns, the insecurities and priorities of the UK people while running the campaign. That opens up a separate ethical and legal debate entirely around digital privacy when being used to further political ambitions. IP law specialist Oliver Smith from Keystone Law says, in the UK at least, mining search data is a bit of a legal grey area. “Under the Data Protection Act 1998, information about peoples’ political opinions is treated as sensitive personal information,” Smith told Telecoms.com. “… because the information is deemed ‘sensitive’ personal data, then if they do not have the person’s explicit consent for the use intended then they must show the use is for the legitimate activities of a non-profit political organisation with which the person has regular contact and has safeguards to protect their rights. It is unlikely that political campaigners gaining sensitive data from a search engine will have had regular direct contact with the person.” From a purely observational perspective, however, could Google – or your preferred search engine – predict the outcome of an election before the vote has even happened? The below chart from Google illustrates search results for the various US candidates (don’t forget there were more than two nominees), sampled over a week-long period. Ignore the obvious spike on the morning of 9th November, and you can see his online popularity surging ahead of his rivals in the 5 days previous. It might be obvious, but it is worth pointing out that there’s a significant percentage of voters who only begin swatting up in the 72-48 hours before polling day. In fact, it was something of a surprise when the key battleground of Pennsylvania fell for Trump – the state had been widely tipped by pollsters as being a Clinton win for a key 20 electoral votes. We can see that Google search data narrowly favoured Trump in the three days leading up to and including polling day. The same trend is observed in the below chart illustrating UK searches for “Brexit”, “Leave”, or “Remain” in the three weeks leading up to the vote. As an aside, it is terrifying that the most searched term in the UK on the 24th June, the day following the Brexit vote, was “What is the EU.” What is undeniable is how engrained into society search engines now find themselves. Google, to its credit, has done a good job in visualising its data and making it publicly available. The image below is taken directly from GoogleTrends, and while it looks like it predicts a comprehensive Republican win, the vast majority of regions therein suggest a 50-55% Trump majority; eerily close to reality, one would say. Click on the below image to head over to Google’s interactive map showing how search patterns evolved over the past six weeks. Tags: Brexit, data, Election, featured, Google, Politics, search engine, Trump Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content Nokia reveals its new cunning plan: wait for 5G Ericsson forecasts 8x mobile data traffic and 550 5G subs by 2022 Trump-driven US-China trade war threat looms large Google and Europe continue passive-aggressive antitrust argument Webinars View all Progress Report: Where are the CSPs with the Digital Service Provider transformation? 15 November 2016 White Papers View all The African Market Outlook 2016 Share 2 hours ago Multi-billion dollar market opportunities may be lost unless Next Generation Broadband meets Seven Key Challenges Share 6 hours ago Telecoms.com eBook: AI in CEM – the opportunity for telcos Share 5 days ago Events View all Internet of Things World 21-22 November 2016 View Event Japan Internet Week 2016 29 November - 02 December 2016 View Event Carrier Network Virtualization 06-08 December 2016 View Event Polls View all Which cloud provider has impressed you most over the last six months? AWS Microsoft Azure Google Cloud IBM Other  Loading ... Twitter View all BBWF 2016 - Luis Torres from #Methode Electronics https://t.co/LUuaKe6y98 #broadband #bbwf2016 #optical 15 November 2016 @ 17:26:09 UTC BBWF 2016 - Brian Metzger, VP Global Marketing at #Nominum https://t.co/Ol4Mgzm1N8 #broadband #digitaltransformation 15 November 2016 @ 17:26:08 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2016. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
null
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us YouTube VR and a Daydream VR hub hit Google Play +4,244 Quentyn Kennemer Nov 10th, 2016 Today is the day that many Daydream View owners will be receiving their headsets, so Google is popping out a lot of new apps to Google Play. We’ve already seen Google and partners release a few funsies yesterday, and now a couple more have surfaced. For starters, a new Daydream VR app has launched. This app will serve as the central hub for finding and enjoying Daydream-compatible content. It’s pretty straightforward in that it offers up a neat VR-friendly user interface to access content you own and find more at Google Play. It also has a status screen which lets you access settings and shows the time, date, battery life, connection status, and calibration settings. When not used in VR mode, the app functions as a normal user interface on your phone so you can find all the content you want before strapping it onto your face. Google also launched the YouTube VR app. Again, self-explanatory: it’s YouTube, in VR. Thankfully it seems Google didn’t pull any punches here with full support for subscriptions, playlists, and watch history. You’re even getting the ability to view videos while you continue to browse for more to check out after you’re finished. All of it can be enjoyed in a theater setting if you wish, and you can view any video on YouTube whether it’s a standard or 360-degree experience. Hit the links ahead for the downloads in anticipation of getting your Daydream View headset (unless, of course, you’re lucky enough to already have yours.)   Download Daydream VR at Google Play Download YouTube VR at Google Play   local_offer    Daydream View  Daydream VR  Google  VR  youtube  YouTube VR   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (0) stars Further Reading Free Daydream Views now available Pixel cases may cause camera issues Google Play Music gets smart redesign Project ARA Q&A The Verizon Pixel XL is delayed again stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vertDIY: Use Puffy Paint to protect the back of your Google Pixel closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 7 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 8 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 9 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 10 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Photos > Google Singapore Office New Opening Google Singapore Office New Opening Nov 10, 2016 • 7:21 am | (0) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Search Engine Photo Of The Day Prev Story Next Story The other day, Google opened up a new office in Singapore. There is a blog post about it by Google over here. The Lightedpixels Instagram account has this wonderful image of the opening ceremonies Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong and Minister for Trade and Industry Mr. S. Iswaran. They wrote, "earlier today, we celebrated the opening of Google Singapore's new offices here at Mapletree Business City. It was quite a party here as PM Lee was cheered on by the googlers everywhere he went!" This post is part of our daily Search Photo of the Day column, where we find fun and interesting photos related to the search industry and share them with our readers. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google Earphones   Comments: No comments. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/11/2016 08:39 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Best Practices for Indexable Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) Facebook Messenger 1.3 Now Allows Sponsored Messages Digital Point Forums UploadBank.com - Up to $40/10K. No Premiums. No Limits. how to get money on adsense from digital point?/// Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
null
null
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google Search Console Performing Infrastructure Updates, Some Reports May Be Delayed Google Search Console Performing Infrastructure Updates, Some Reports May Be Delayed Nov 10, 2016 • 7:38 am | (4) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next Story The data anomalies page has announced that the Google Search Console is "performing infrastructure updates" at this time. Google added that "will prevent data logging in some reports for the next few weeks." So if you see some things that are out of whack, like maybe the index status report or something else, this may be why. Google added that the "Search Analytics should not be affected." Here is a wild guess, and a hopeful one, but maybe - just maybe - this infrastructure updates is about giving us more data, maybe that year of data? I am not 100% confident because all Google said is they are doing an "infrastructure updates" and they specifically said the Search Analytics reports should not be affected but who knows - can't we get our hopes up? When will the infrastructure updates be done? Google did not say, it says it started on November 1st and it will be "ongoing" for some time. Here is a screen shot: Currently, my links report shows no data, so I guess this is why: Forum discussion at Twitter. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Wait, The Google Index Status Report Update Was Not A Bug?   Comments: Nick Ker 11/10/2016 01:03 pm Last week I had a site suddenly start showing about twice as many links as usual in GSC. Most of the links were older, and pretty spammy. This week, the link report is back to the usual smaller number. Maybe what I saw was a test. Hector 11/10/2016 02:20 pm It says Nov. 1st - ongoing ... a site I monitor went from 842 total pages indexed to over 21,000.. I was hoping this was the cause but the spike happened in the middle of October :( Meny 11/10/2016 05:08 pm I hed for like 30 minutes then it's come up with a lot more backlink SearchConsoleHelper 11/11/2016 02:30 pm There are bugs in Search Analytics, too. We have seen lots of inconsistencies in the past couple of months. As for "year of data", you can keep and access your historical Search Console data with our tool http://searchconsolehelper.com/ already. No need to wait for Google folks. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/11/2016 08:39 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums WhatsApp Adds Video Calling New Form of AdSense Abuse and Spam Attack Digital Point Forums best football player $30 Logo Contest - 48 Hours Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google's SEO Friendly Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) Recommendations Google's SEO Friendly Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) Recommendations Nov 10, 2016 • 7:57 am | (2) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next Story Google has published a blog post on how to build crawlable Progressive Web Apps (PWAs). Google has given us guidance on this topic before and even told us to not rust into PWAs but now Google has provided some great detail on making search engine friendly Progressive Web Apps (PWAs). Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) are basically mobile web sites that act like native Android or iOS apps with a lot of the same functionality. It is a Google backed technology that Google has a developer page on and is becoming more and more popular. Here is an outline of what the blog post covers: Provide Clean URLs Specify Canonical URLs Design for Multiple Devices Develop Iteratively Use Progressive Enhancement Test with Search Console Annotate with Schema.org structured data Test with Multiple Browsers Measure Page Load Performance The WebmasterWorld administrator called this a "relatively comprehensive guide detailing both best practice and a series of do's and don'ts." Indeed. So if you are interested in going the PWAs approach, it is worth a read. Forum discussion at WebmasterWorld & Twitter. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google Search Console Performing Infrastructure Updates, Some Reports May Be Delayed   Comments: CO Dex 11/11/2016 05:23 am what things google want in Mobile SERP, before his told us,Responsive web design(RWD) is good for site and then introduced AMP is best for mobile and now Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) and i thought after some time Google introduced new things for mobile and it's very hard to explain client shift one technology to another technology, Day by day we lose trust from client. I know that changes are good but development is not easy and more expensive, Client don't want to pay more money. What do you thinks? Chelle 11/14/2016 11:55 pm AMP is only better if you didn't design the site to be responsive in the first place. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/11/2016 08:39 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums New Form of AdSense Abuse and Spam Attack Best Practices for Indexable Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) Digital Point Forums LLL domain, RARE for EPIC Product Relaunch On Clickbank - Paying YOU Big Money! 90% Commission «« Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
