News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Latest update to Chrome for Android loads pages faster than before Newsby Williams Pelegrin7 hours ago 11 436 14 Google updated its Chrome browser for Android, and though the search giant did not include many features, it did apply some WD-40 to its page loading capabilities. This is thanks to an upgraded JavaScript engine that allows for faster page loading while using up less of your memory. Helping the statistics is a new metric Google developed that does a better job of spitting out real-world usage figures. Combined with the improved engine, Google alleges that Chrome now spits out pages 10 to 20 percent faster than before. See also: Google will reportedly help publishers prepare for Chrome’s upcoming ad-block-pocalypse 7 days ago Alongside the performance increases, stability fixes, and security patches is full support for animated PNGs. Apple and Mozilla have supported the format in their iMessage and Firefox apps, respectively, so Google is playing catch-up in this regard. Still, the format has gained significant traction, so expect it to be supported by other browsers in the near future. What folks have their eyes set on, however, is the future Chrome update that includes native ad-blocking. Google gave publishers advanced warning, and so long as they do not feature offending ads, they will be in the clear. For now, you can give the current Chrome update a download through the Play Store at the link below. Keep in mind that it is rolling out as we speak, so be patient if you do not see the update yet. Download Chrome for Android News Chrome Chrome  9to5Google Williams Pelegrin Having written news articles on video games for several years, Williams shifted his focus to mobile technology. From 2014 through the first quarter of 2017, he wrote for Digital Trends before joining the Android Authority squad. Make him feel welcome on Twitter and you might see a bit of happiness head your way (or articles, whichever comes first). Show 11 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago39 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Thursday June 8, 2017 News Local News Larger / SmallerNight Mode Apparent Google Maps quirk sees Margaret Court Arena renamed as Evonne Goolagong Arena Ebony Bowden, James Lemon 8 Jun 2017, 3:30 p.m. Now it appears Google Maps has accidentally entered the fray Local Business RELATED Margaret Court and Lauren Jackson take different sides on same-sex marriage debate Freedom of speech lost in Margaret Court debate The backlash against tennis champion Margaret Court shows no signs of abating two weeks after she declared her opposition to same-sex marriage. Now it appears Google Maps has accidentally entered the fray. When Fairfax Media searched "Margaret Court Arena" on Thursday afternoon, in several instances, the map displayed the landmark as "Evonne Goolagong Arena". In others, the current name was displayed as expected. It is unclear who is responsible for the name change, but a spokesperson for Google said the organisation used a wide range of sources to help make their maps, which meant there were occasionally inaccuracies. Google has renamed the Margaret Court Arena. Photo: Google Maps It goes without saying the snafu obviously won't be permanent. The apparent mix up comes after Court was branded a bigot and a chorus of calls from some of the biggest names in tennis for Melbourne's Margaret Court Arena to be renamed. A former world number 1 who is now a pastor at Victory Life Church in Perth, Court has made a number of public comments about the LGTBIQ community, and announcing a boycott of Qantas due to its public support for marriage equality. "I believe in marriage as a union between a man and a woman as stated in the Bible," Court said in a letter published in The West Australian newspaper. In an open letter from Martina Navratilova to Margaret Court Arena published by Fairfax Media last week, Navratilova – an openly gay retired tennis champion – floated the idea of an Evonne Goolagong Arena. Evonne Goolagong Cawley is an Australian Aboriginal former world no. 1 tennis player and 14-time Grand Slam winner. "I think it's time to change your name," said Navratilova in the scathing letter which called Court a "racist and a homophobe". "I think the Evonne Goolagong Arena has a great ring to it. Now there is a person we can all celebrate. On every level." Navratilova is awaiting a response from Tennis Australia, but has found the support of a number of current players, including Andy Murray and Australian Casey Dellacqua.​ The arena, originally named Show Court One, was renamed to Margaret Court Arena in 2003 as a tribute to Australia's most successful tennis player. A Change.org petition calling for Margaret Court Arena to be renamed Evonne Goolagong Arena has been signed by nearly 9000 people. Local Business Latest News CHFL round 9 – all the previews BFL round 7 – all the previews BFL and CHFL line-ups Tiger ‘Chum’ finds his way back to second home Move no value to Towong Editor's Picks EQUALITY SCORECARD | FAIL! Fairfield Council gets 3 out of 13 METAL | BODY COUNT OZ TOUR | The Ice man cometh LIVE AT KEMPS CREEK BOWLO | Carlotta – he did it her way Debbie Reynolds | What a glorious feelin’! Popular Knife held to man’s throat Jail for drug traffick attempt Court warning over threats Dog’s day out Teenager gets published Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Health check on equality The second annual Women in Medicine event is on in Albury. Folk singer more than a pretty face | Video Folk singer Leah Senior isn't banking on the big time. Be safe on the roads, police urge Police out in force over Queen’s Birthday long weekend. Ballarat model close to being crowned Australia’s best “Ballarat is definitely my home and it is who I will be representing throughout the competition." Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Rural Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport Footy HQ AFL TopTippa NRL Soccer Basketball Cricket HQ Albury Gold Cup Hockey Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Photo Sales Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features Local Business Feature Forms Sponsorships Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Entertainment Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Search News 9Honey Finance Sport TV Celebrity Fashion & Beauty Homes Diet & Fitness Recipes Travel Viral 9News NATIONAL LOCAL NSW VIC QLD SA WA NT TAS CANBERRA GOLD COAST ILLAWARRA NSW CENTRAL WEST RIVERINA WORLD 9RAW WEATHER MORE Politics Health 6PM News Finance Technology Your Say Sport Entertainment Meet the team Crime Good News Buzz 60 Minutes Contact Us 9Stories A Current Affair 60 Minutes Today Inside Story Send us a story, photo or video 9news › national › Google captures the heart of Australia 2:45pm June 8, 2017 Google captures the heart of Australia By AAP In a remote part of a remote country, Uluru intrigues visitors from around the world. Even up close, it's a forbidding, inscrutable sight - a world wonder kept at arm's length. But now you can get closer than ever to this mysterious monolith from the comfort of your own home. NT Tourism has partnered with Google to bring the internet giant's Street View technology to the rock. A small team of techies armed with state-of-the-art 360-degree camera backpacks has trekked around the outback, capturing the sights of the red centre. They haven't done it alone. For the first time, Street View is being presented with sound. As you travel around Uluru-Kata Tjuta National Park on your computer, it is the stories and songs of the local Anangu people that will guide you. The commentary was brought to life through interactive audiovisual platform Story Spheres, which Google hopes will bring Street View experiences to life. People can take one of five trails around the rock, accompanied by stories and songs in the native language (with translations) told by Anangu elder Sammy Wilson, who recounts the history and the culture of his people. More trails are expected to be added in time. The Anangu have lived here for more than 30,000 years. Uluru is their spiritual home, their history, their compass. Their sacred sites make up 30 to 40 per cent of the rock. They were consulted extensively during the process of capturing the images. The Google trekkers had to tread carefully. In some places, they were able to touch the sandpaper texture of the rock. In others, they had to capture the monolith from afar so as not to reveal sites considered sacred. Jason Pellegrino, managing director of Google Australia and New Zealand, says the commentary allows people to experience Uluru's soul, or as the Anangu people say, its Tjukurpa. "The uniqueness of the culture, stories and song, the traditional law that embodies this place, it's a very rich experience. It's a unique way that Google can contribute to the capturing and sharing of stories around the world, not only for now but into posterity." The end product is the result of two years of negotiations between Google, NT Tourism, Parks Australia, the NT government and the land's traditional owners. The experience is for people who may never visit Uluru, but Pellegrino hopes it may also entice more to make the trip. "We hope it will give people the motivation to spend more time here and immerse themselves in everything Uluru has to offer beyond the physical beauty." For the Anangu people, the project was a golden opportunity to capture and record their stories, which are largely in the oral tradition. It's also a way for them to entice more people to Uluru, so they can impart its true cultural significance. "We want people to enjoy learning about this place," says Wilson. "But most of all we want them to come here, to do a tour with us and learn about this place through us." © AAP 2017 Send your photos, videos and stories to 9NEWS Email contact@9news.com.au Large files 9news.wetransfer.com You can remain anonymous. Click here for more information. Auto News: NSW Police add Chrysler 300 SRT to promo fleet - caradvice.com.au Auto News: 2017 Mercedes-AMG E63 S - the one we've been waiting for - caradvice.com.au Career news: Three common career progression questions answered - seek.com.au Auto news: 2018 Volkswagen Arteon: Australian details confirmed - caradvice.com.au Auto news: BMW 8 Series concept revealed - caradvice.com.au Career news: Job hunting rumours set straight - seek.com.au Auto news: New BMW M5 detailed - caradvice.com.au Auto news: Ford Australia vs Holden; who will win the battle on the racetrack? - caradvice.com.au Auto news: Suzuki is Australia's lovable underdog - caradvice.com.au Auto news: Jaguar's tough limited-tun XE SW Project 8 sports sedan - caradvice.com.au Auto news: Battle of the V8 Beasts: 5.0L Ford Mustang vs 6.2L Holden Commodore - caradvice.com.au LIVE FEED Ex-FBI chief James Comey arrives to testify on Donald Trump conversations Top News wild chase: Teen girls arrested after alleged attempted robbery bali escape: Designer of liquidated brand shirks questions of disgruntled customers 'gang rape': Court told teens laughed when victim pleaded with them to stop Top 5 Utes! Super Size USA Sale on now! Australia's official lotteries 30 Day Free Trial Deposit $25 bet with $100* Shop Home and Garden Back to top News Breaking News World News News videos Weather Sport Wide World of Sports Cricket NRL AFL Live scores Entertainment TheFIX Latest celebrity news TV guide Daily crossword Daily horoscope Daily quiz Movie times Pedestrian TV Lifestyle Fashion Diet & Fitness Viral Homes Recipes Travel Catch-up TV The Voice Love Child The Last Resort Survivor 60 Minutes Britain's Got Talent Careers Advertise with us Help Terms of use Privacy © 2017 Nine Digital Pty Ltd Feedback
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > HomePod is speaker first and smart later, this may help it beat Google Home, Amazon Alexa Javed Anwer   |   @brijwaasi Last Updated: JUN 08, 2017 New Delhi Email Author Smart speakers are hot nowadays. Any tech company worth its salt is doing them. Amazon with Alexa had a early start but then Google joined it with the Home. The latest big player to enter the scene is Apple HomePod. At the recent WWDC 2017 conference Apple announced HomePod, its own smart speaker. However, unlike some other smart speakers in the market, such as the Google Home and Amazon Alexa, there are some differences. When they introduced the HomePod, Apple executives did's spend time on showcasing all the smartness of the HomePod. Like Google executives they didn't talk about how it uses machine learning to identify voice of a kid from that of a grown up guy. Similarly, like Amazon, which sells Alexa, Apple didn't talk about how well its smart speaker can buy goods on the website. Apple focused on something basic, something that connects with all users: digitally savvy or not. It talked about the music and sound quality. The way Apple is positioning Homepod is simple. They are positioning it as a speaker that is brilliant at playing music. It has the hardware and designed tuned to pump out good sound that will possibly make the music sound clear and nice. The smart functionality is just an add on. And the Apple executives talked about the fact that HomePod is powered Siri, the company's virtual assistant, almost like an afterthought. So, the HomePod will tell you the weather or read the news of the day. It will tell you the joke because Siri is inside it. It will talk to you about the latest movies or tell you the distance between earth and moon if you ask it. But that is not the primary responsibility of the HomePod. The primary work for the HomePod, as Apple says, is playing music in a way that is better than how others do it. To play this music well, the HomePad has the hardware that other smart speakers like Google Home or Alexa lack. On both the Home and Alexa, music sounds terrible. There is no bass. There is no soundstage. The highs don't go high enough. The lows don't get registered. The mids sound muffled. These speakers don't have any depth to them when it comes to music playback. They are designed to read news or tell you the weather, or to make calls. They are not the kind of speakers on which you can play Symphony No 9 and experience your heart fill with joy. But the Apple HomePod looks to be different. It has a proper woofer. It has 7 tweeters. According to Apple it has been designed keeping in mind the music playback and it directs the sound intelligently by taking into account its placement in a room. All of that may mean that this could be better, no much better, speaker to play music. Advantage Apple? I wouldn't exactly say that right now Apple has the advantage with the HomePod. After all, with price of $349, it is going to cost a cool $200 more than something like Google Home. It is expensive for a speaker. Then, we still don't really know that it is significantly better than the Home or Alexa or not. But it is getting the messaging right as far as consumers are concerned. It is similar to how Apple got the messaging right with the camera in the early iPhones. Consumers always cared about the camera performance of phones because they used the camera. They didn't bother with so many other hundreds of unique features. Apple focussed on camera performance of the iPhone and reaped rich rewards. In comparison, the Android phone makers all focused on other features. It's only in the last couple of years that Android phone makers realised the importance of the camera and have improved it. The same I think is going to be the case with the HomePod. It will find favour with consumers because a speaker - whether it is smart or dumb - is primarily going to be used for playing music. Everything else, at least in near future, is going to be just an add on. It is true that one of the reasons why Apple is highlighting the music playback as the top feature of the HomePod is also because Siri is not very smart. Compared to the Google Assistant that powers the Google Home and the Alexa, which is inside Amazon's speaker, Siri is pathetic, especially in India where it can't even properly recognise what a person is saying because of the accent. In AI, in categorising and serving that information, in machine learning, in making dumb devices smart, both Google and Amazon are ahead of Apple. But in all likelihood none of this matters in the case of the HomePod, not right now. For now Apple can sell it is a good quality music speaker with add-on smart features and it will most likely find favour with consumers. Music playback is what matters to most consumers more right now than the speaker's ability to tell why dinosaurs died. And it is the music playback that HomePod will most likely do better than the other smart speakers. Also Read: Apple WWDC 2017: Mac Pro, iOS 11, Siri Speaker HomePod and all other big announcements Also Read: Many cool products at WWDC 2017 but Apple again forgot to upgrade MacBook Air For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Judy malware infects millions of Android phones: What is it and does it affect you? Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster Mark Zuckerberg gets his Harvard degree 12 years after dropping out: 10 quotes from his speech OnePlus 5 rumour roundup: Dual cameras, Snapdragon 835, funky colours, 4,000mAh battery and more Recommended Reviews Yu Yureka Black review: Sleek, fast, and super shiny Sennheiser HD 2.30 review: Compact design, laidback sound but wow factor missing Nokia 3310 (2017) review: A phone for old times' sake Tecno i7 review: A decent smartphone that lacks polish Oppo F3 review: Buy it for its superb selfie camera VIDEOS Inside a phone factory: How smartphones are made Xiaomi Mi Note 3: dual camera and other expected features Nokia 3310 (2017): Unboxing the India variant more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Saurabh SinghReliance Jio was fastest 4G network in India in May but it doesn't matter Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Internet Who should I vote for? Google reveals top searches as Britain votes during general election The tech giant also revealed which political party is garnering the most number of searches across the UK. By India Ashok Updated June 8, 2017 08:36 BST Close 2017 UK general election key battlegrounds Newsweek As Britain heads to the polls in the second general election the country has held in two years, Google has revealed what the British have been searching for, which may shed light on the nation's interests in the various political parties, as well as uncover some of the most burning questions Britons have about the snap election. UK election 2017 live updates: Polls open as nation chooses Brexit government Google unveiled data on not just what people were most searching for but also which political parties were most searched across the UK. The data also reveals which party leader was most searched for in the past week and which political issues garnered the most searches in the past six months. What did Britain most search for? According to Google, the list of most searched for questions over the past week was topped by "Who should I vote for?" This, to some extent, may be indicative of the kind of confusion and indecision British voters may have been feeling in the run-up to the election. Here is the list of top five questions most searched for in the past week: 1) Who should I vote for? 2) What is a hung parliament? 3) Who won the debate? 4) How to vote? 5) Will Labour win? Although Labour is not leading in polls across UK, it has garnered a significant number of searchesGoogle Who's winning in searches? According to Google, the Labour Party is well ahead of the competition with 51% of searches. The Conservative Party follows with 21% searches. The Liberal Democrats, Ukip and SNP got 14%, 9% and 5% respectively. Although Labour is not leading in polls across UK, it has garnered a significant number of searches – 52% in Wales, 32% in Scotland and 26% in Ireland. What political issues are people searching for? Google's data revealed that people also searched for political leaders and their manifestos as well as key political issues. The most searched political issue in the UK in the past six months was tax. The other issues to make the top five most searched political issues included housing, NHS, Brexit and immigration. The most searched political issue in the UK in the past six months was taxGoogle Meanwhile, the most searched for political leader in the past seven days was Jeremy Corbyn. Theresa May was the second most searched political leader, followed by Tim Farron, Nicola Sturgeon and Paul Nuttall. Google’s data revealed that people also searched for political leaders and their manifestosGoogle To find out more about when the results of the general election will be announced, click here. More Technology News What happened to Anonymous? Experts say they're 'script kiddies who barely understand hacking' What are Fancy Bear hackers up to now? Montenegro government targeted for joining Nato Malware uses wireless router's blinking LEDs to secretly leak your data to nearby hacker Related topics : General Election 2017 Jeremy Corbyn Theresa May Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Arms: Nintendo Switch event announcement trailer Columnists Alex Taylor “I have only cried twice over my disability – once from bullying, the other after my PIP assessment READ MORE Tumblr users who share revenge porn could be named and shamed Microblogging site ordered to reveal names of over 500 users who... Kodi's Phoenix add-on shuts down after losing piracy battle XMBC favourite shuttered after US network pursues major add-ons for... Samsung employee allegedly stole 8,500 phones to pay gambling debts Disabled employee allegedly used his wheelchair to swipe 8,500... Scientists discover 2D magnet that could lead to new information technologies The researchers found the magnetic properties of chromium triiodide... Hero Mission: Chinese Overwatch clone turns Winston into a panda and McCree into a woman Overwatch is out now for PS4, Xbox One and PC. Bruce Schneier on dangers of IoT: 'We're building a world-sized robot that's getting more powerful' 'Security guru' claims governments will rule the internet of things,... Error in Amazon's home page sends some customers to dog photo instead of product page The reason behind of the error remains unclear. This Android malware downloads on its own and is targeting users in the US and Europe Users are advised not to download apps from outside the Play Store. Uber's Travis Kalanick now meditates in company's lactation room amid ongoing crises 'This is part of the change coming,' Uber board member Arianna... Paxman on privacy: 'Do you think anyone is really interested in your sex lives? They're not.' Paxman is used to grilling politicians, but can he handle... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 UK Election Special Live updates as polls open and Britain chooses Brexit government About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Search News 9Honey Finance Sport TV Celebrity Fashion & Beauty Homes Diet & Fitness Recipes Travel Viral 9News NATIONAL LOCAL NSW VIC QLD SA WA NT TAS CANBERRA GOLD COAST ILLAWARRA NSW CENTRAL WEST RIVERINA WORLD 9RAW WEATHER MORE Politics Health 6PM News Finance Technology Your Say Sport Entertainment Meet the team Crime Good News Buzz 60 Minutes Contact Us 9Stories A Current Affair 60 Minutes Today Inside Story Send us a story, photo or video 9news › national › Marg Court Arena name changed on Google Victoria 1:30pm June 8, 2017 Marg Court Arena name changed on Google By AAP Whether through sabotage or a Google decision, Margaret Court Arena has been renamed after one of the tennis legend's playing rivals on Google Maps. In certain search results on the mapping system, the Melbourne Park stadium on Thursday appears as Evonne Goolagong Arena, in reference to the seven-time grand slam champion. But clicking on the icon for EGA snaps Google back to reality and it presents information for the arena named after the tennis legend who recently courted controversy for airing her views on same-sex view. © AAP 2017 Victoria Send your photos, videos and stories to 9NEWS Email contact@9news.com.au Large files 9news.wetransfer.com You can remain anonymous. Click here for more information. Auto News: NSW Police add Chrysler 300 SRT to promo fleet - caradvice.com.au Auto News: 2017 Mercedes-AMG E63 S - the one we've been waiting for - caradvice.com.au Career news: Three common career progression questions answered - seek.com.au Auto news: 2018 Volkswagen Arteon: Australian details confirmed - caradvice.com.au Auto news: BMW 8 Series concept revealed - caradvice.com.au Career news: Job hunting rumours set straight - seek.com.au Auto news: New BMW M5 detailed - caradvice.com.au Auto news: Ford Australia vs Holden; who will win the battle on the racetrack? - caradvice.com.au Auto news: Suzuki is Australia's lovable underdog - caradvice.com.au Auto news: Jaguar's tough limited-tun XE SW Project 8 sports sedan - caradvice.com.au Auto news: Battle of the V8 Beasts: 5.0L Ford Mustang vs 6.2L Holden Commodore - caradvice.com.au LIVE FEED Ex-FBI chief James Comey arrives to testify on Donald Trump conversations Top News wild chase: Teen girls arrested after alleged attempted robbery bali escape: Designer of liquidated brand shirks questions of disgruntled customers 'gang rape': Court told teens laughed when victim pleaded with them to stop Top 5 Utes! Super Size USA Sale on now! Australia's official lotteries 30 Day Free Trial Deposit $25 bet with $100* Shop Home and Garden Back to top News Breaking News World News News videos Weather Sport Wide World of Sports Cricket NRL AFL Live scores Entertainment TheFIX Latest celebrity news TV guide Daily crossword Daily horoscope Daily quiz Movie times Pedestrian TV Lifestyle Fashion Diet & Fitness Viral Homes Recipes Travel Catch-up TV The Voice Love Child The Last Resort Survivor 60 Minutes Britain's Got Talent Careers Advertise with us Help Terms of use Privacy © 2017 Nine Digital Pty Ltd Feedback
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Estranged husband of NBC vice president 'chokes their seven-year-old daughter to death in her bed', two months after his wife filed for divorce and one day after he surrendered the family home Dramatic moment armed robber opens fire on police from bus in broad daylight in front of terrified civilians - just minutes before they shoot him dead It's Comey Day in D.C. as fired FBI director's Senate testimony puts uncomfortable spotlight on Trump in blockbuster 'Super Bowl of Washington' event Trump-whisperer Corey Lewandowski insists president was asking Comey for 'loyalty to the country' and not to him personally  Trump will watch Comey's testimony – with his lawyers! – but live-tweeting may not be in the cards EXCLUSIVE: Daughter, 31, shot millionaire Stephen King television drama producer and left him naked and dying in pool of blood after he tried to evict her from family home Jilted female prison guard shot dead bus driver boyfriend after he dumped her, before shooting herself in the head as cops surrounded her Detroit teenager who worked at a shoe store is shot dead after he tried to sell $140 Air Jordan's on the street Mother of murdered Baby Doe testifies that her heroin addict ex-boyfriend was a follower of Alex Jones and believed government workers were 'shape-shifters' before he 'killed her' Heart bypass patients are healthy for 10 years after their surgery - but then their risk of an early death increases by up to 80% Chicago Cubs player Addison Russell is taken to task by his wife on Instagram for cheating  Four people shot dead in 'murder-suicide' at a Pennsylvania supermarket 'But does your dad have a helicopter?' The cringeworthy antics of 'entitled' rich kids revealed (and some of them will leave you seething) Eat almonds before bed, avoid caffeine after midday and ditch sugary desserts: Nutritionist's simple tips to ensure the perfect night's sleep Believing in God could help combat type 2 diabetes, controversial new research suggests Cool under fire! Man is almost killed by a flying fridge door after shooting explosive-filled target with an assault rifle Why a slice of BREAD is the ultimate money-saving cleaning tool (and it can magically erase those annoying smudges from your walls) 'It's my fault': Woman accused of encouraging her teen boyfriend to kill himself texted her friend two months after his suicide telling her she 'could have stopped him' Alabama man, 46, is set to be executed for shooting three fast food workers dead during a $2,100 robbery after last ditch appeal fails   What do YOUR dreams mean? From bees and crowns to puppies and pairs of shoes, expert reveals what they say about you Playboy model, 27, reveals she had to celebrate first anniversary of her marriage to 63-year-old millionaire husband alone because 'he couldn't make it'  'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins Former Papa John's and Domino’s worker reveals the pizza giants’ secrets - including a trick for reheating leftovers and the BEST topping to choose to get your money's worth  Florida woman who sent 'disturbing' threats to the father of a boy, six, killed in the Sandy Hook massacre because 'she believed it was a hoax' is jailed for five months and banned from visiting conspiracy websites Previous Next Do they know something we don't? Margaret Court Arena has been renamed 'Evonne Goolagong Arena' on Google Maps after tennis legend said the sport was 'full of lesbians' Google Maps appears to have changed the name of Margaret Court Arena The mapping service shows the iconic stadium as 'Evonne Goolagong Arena'   Follows calls from openly gay tennis star Martina Navratilova to rename stadium Margaret Court, a Christian pastor, made comments on same-sex marriage By Daniel Peters For Daily Mail Australia and Aap Published: 23:59 EDT, 7 June 2017 | Updated: 00:56 EDT, 8 June 2017 e-mail 132 shares 26 View comments Google Maps has quietly changed the name of Margaret Court Arena after the tennis legend's stance on same-sex marriage led to calls for the stadium to be renamed. The mapping service appears to have changed the name of the stadium to 'Evonne Goolagong Arena' - the name of another celebrated Australian tennis icon. Openly gay retired tennis star Martina Navratilova first floated the idea of the arena name change after taking issue with Court's divisive comments last month. 'I think it's time to change your name. And I think the Evonne Goolagong Arena has a great ring to it,' Navratilova wrote in an open letter published by Fairfax. 'Now there is a person we can all celebrate.'  Google Maps has quietly changed the name of Margaret Court Arena to Evonne Goolagong Arena. The two women are iconic Australian tennis legends Google Maps appears to have weighed in on the public debate over whether the Melbourne show court should be renamed after Court's comments on same-sex marriage Openly gay retired tennis star Martina Navratilova first floated the idea of the arena name change after taking issue with Court's divisive comments Evonne Goolagong was an indigenous Australian tennis star who won 14 grand slam titles during the 1970s and early 1980s.  A spokesperson for Google told the ABC the organisation used 'a wide range of sources, including third-party providers and user contributions' for the service. 'We recognise that there may be occasional inaccuracies that could arise from any of those sources,' the spokesperson said. However, the Google Map Help page states: 'We review all your edits, so your changes might take some time to be updated on the map.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Scandal-hit tennis legend Margaret Court to appear as guest... 'Who gives a f***?' John McEnroe accuses Margaret Court of... Share this article Share Margaret Court, who won 24 grand slams and is now a Christian pastor, drew the ire of players after announcing she was boycotting Qantas for its support of gay rights. Her public opposition to same-sex marriage sparked furious debate, which intensified after she said tennis was 'full of lesbians'.  An online petition titled 'Rename the Margaret Court Arena the Evonne Goolagong Arena' has gathered close to 10,000 signatures. 'We think it is unsuitable for your arena to continue to be named in honour of someone who has been consistently outspoken about her opposition to equality, diversity and inclusion,' the petition reads. Evonne Goolagong was an indigenous Australian tennis star who won 14 grand slam titles during the 1970s and early 1980s Margaret Court won 24 grand slams and is now an ordained Christian pastor Players at the French Open this week have been largely critical of Christian pastor Court's position. Gay Australian player Casey Dellacqua has spoken out against her family being targeted for criticism by Court in the past. World men's no.1 Andy Murray said players would be offended by Court's outspokenness. Tennis Australia also issued a statement in response to Court's comments, but were not drawn on whether they would consider changing the court's name. It read: 'As a legend of the sport we respect Margaret Court's achievements in tennis and her unmatched playing record. 'Her personal views are her own, and do not align with Tennis Australia's values of equality, inclusion and diversity.'   Even the Prime Minister was dragged into the debate after calls to have Court's name removed from one of Melbourne Park's show courts. 'Margaret Court Arena celebrates Margaret Court the tennis player,' Mr Turnbull said, dismissing calls to have the arena name changed. 'She's one of the greatest greats of tennis and that's why the arena is named after her.' Daily Mail Australia has contacted Google for comment.  Casey Dellacqua, who has two children in an openly gay relationship with Amanda Judd, wrote a tweet saying: 'Margaret. Enough is Enough'. She is one of many tennis players calling for Margaret Court Arena to be renamed Court and her husband, Barry Court, at last year's Wimbledon in London Read more: Margaret Court Arena prematurely renamed to Evonne Goolagong Arena in Google Maps - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) Share or comment on this article e-mail 132 shares Most watched News videos Kochie 'stunned' after learning VIC authorities not working with ASIO The moment Andrew Bolt is attacked by two masked men in Melbourne Andrew Bolt fights protesters outside book launch in Melbourne Man confronts Asian couple after they catch bucket of undersized fish Heartbroken wife of slain police officer Brett Forte pays tribute Alan Jones slams Australia’s leniency to potential terrorist Shocking footage of an angry cyclist shoving a 12-year-old girl So much for a roll out! NBN contractors seen bungling installation 'What a load of rubbish': Hanson slams Islamic Council of Victoria Terrifying moment knife wielding lunges at victim in deadly brawl Sneak peek into the home of the Bali Nine on Foreign Correspondent Spectators run for cover as a wild brawl breaks out at footy match ‘I’ve never been racist’: Steve Price admits he... How Target bosses are trying to save the ailing retailer... Daughter of high-ranking ATO officer connected to an... 'My family thinks I'm mad': Desperate woman CHAINS... Married Colombian immigrant rapist, 47, preyed on a... Mud wrestling, threats to kill dogs and shooting at a... Police FINALLY given 'shoot to kill' powers to take out... 'Cold blooded' killer Dudley Davey jailed for 32 years... Commuters forced to park so far away from Sydney train... 'Would you like 15 sheep? 20 goats?' Australian woman... 'A bright life who made a difference': Today Tonight host... Muslim cleric found guilty of marrying a 14-year-old... Cereal giant Kellogg's takes legal action against... 'We’ve had enough of being nice, it’s not working’: Mark... X-Factor star whose tragic childhood brought Dannii... Man, 82, dies during a fight outside a pub with his... A tribute haka and mourners dressed in pink: Family and... Mother of accused killer says he was acting in... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 26 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals rage she took home after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes The world's her catwalk! Lily-Rose Depp, 18, steps out in low-cut chemise and ripped jeans as Chanel muse goes shopping in Hollywood Leggy Hailey Baldwin borrows from the Nineties in barely-there slip dress paired with hot pink shirt as she parties with beau Cameron Dallas Stunning wife of Chicago Cubs baseball star Addison Russell accuses him of cheating on her on Instagram  The couple wed last June and have two kids Alex Rodriguez NEVER cheated on J. Lo and former mistress revealed details of her sex romps with slugger in hopes of getting money, claims insider 'They were super into each other:' Bethenny Frankel sets tongues wagging as she is spotted 'laughing and holding hands' with mystery man in NYC  'Welcome to the world our sweet Georgia Grace!': Flipping Out star Jenni Pulos, 44, welcomes second child with Dr Jonathan Nassos Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) 3 beds and 1.3 acres 'She can really sing!' Leaked version of Britney Spears' Toxic without auto-tune wows listeners, who say the 'flawless' song is even BETTER than original 'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins Kylie Jenner shows off her very pert posterior in a tiny gray mini dress as she and beau Travis Scott try to stay dry on a rainy day in Miami The pair hit South Beach Makeup-free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty Plus-size models such as size 16 Ashley Graham are officially good for our mental health by boosting our self-esteem claim university researchers Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class in Los Angeles Former Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli reveals healthier figure in Paris a year after fans feared for her health following dramatic weight loss Fox cancels 24: Legacy after just a single season... but wants to reboot it as an anthology Eric Carter has been fired after a single day on the job Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Thought to require surgery on his head  Reunited at last! Melania and Barron are moving into the White House NEXT WEEK as the Trump family finally settles Washington DC Been living in NYC  'We are so blessed': Carrie Underwood is most awarded act in history of CMTs as she picks up 17th trophy in Nashville Triumphant night Stella Maxwell shows off her incredible abs in bright crop top and low slung pants as she arrives at LAX Victoria's Secret model is dating Kristen Stewart 'Ready to see me in my birthday suit?' Carole Radziwill adorns art gallery walls in nude paintings on RHONY Posed au naturel for an English painter 'Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in Santa Monica Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit on Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in wardrobe malfunction Designer duds! Kourtney Kardashian shows off taut stomach in black hoodie and tracksuit bottom as she runs errands in LA Looking good That's a cute date! Scott Disick carries sweet daughter Penelope after casual sushi lunch together in Calabasas Carried the four-year-old Elegant Huma arrives at the Stephan Weiss Apple Awards to support longtime boss Hillary Clinton as she receives top honor Arrived separately 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary She looks ready to pop! Formula One motor racing star Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows her baby bump as family hits the beach ahead of birth 'I'm the One Nut Wonder': Tarek El Moussa reveals he has testicle implant due to cancer... and insists he KNEW about wife's fling with contractor 'Learning to code with Arabella tonight!' Ivanka joins in with her daughter's homework after hailing girls as next generation of leaders at the White House Wherefore art thou Romeo? Nina Agdal shows ex Leonardo DiCaprio what he's missing by posting lingerie shot online Posed on a bed PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez jet out of Miami together amid claim he cheated on her and extortion attempt About to jet off Booze looking at you, kid! Wide-eyed Simon Cowell appears very worse for wear as he leaves Midsummer Ball with a bottle of beer in his hand Prince Charles' wife Camilla pretends to knight a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show Braless British singer Ellie Goulding is branded 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade fans to be politically engaged as the UK goes to polls 'I use dance to clear my mind': Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her tiny waist and ample bust in new snap... after announcing she was quitting social media 'for a while' Country queen! Carrie Underwood flaunts her legs in glittering look at CMT Music Awards She highlighted her legs in a silver sequined top with a textured mini His good luck charm! Nicole Kidman snuggles up to country star husband Keith Urban...as she drops jaws in lacy black frock at CMT Music Awards Her biggest fan! Kelsea Ballerini passionately locks lips with fiance Morgan Evans as she rocks revealing white gown at CMT Awards Handsome other half Anwar Hadid, 17, and pretty Transformers actress girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cozy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Gigi and Bella's brother Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead Bumping along nicely: Laura Prepon shows off pregnant belly with fiance Ben Foster at The Hero premiere She looked ready to pop as she hit the premiere 'Moment you realize you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as she films hairdresser pal Ken Paves showing off his moves Kim Zolciak has one more beach day with family on last day of Turks and Caicos getaway...as daughter Brielle jet skis in her bikini Leo DiCaprio meets with Mexican president to save vaquita porpoise - which could go extinct NEXT YEAR because there are only 30 left Vowed to try to save them Lending a hand! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in flannel as she steps out with three-month-old daughter Amalia and mom Shelley Three generations  'Missing my baby': Amber Heard bemoans separation from dog as she films Aquaman in Australia ... after the pooch was BANNED from the country in 2015 If you've got it! Christie Brinkley puts toned legs on maximal display in sexy black romper as she attends awards show in New York Stunning at 63 Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Mandy Moore stuns in off-the-shoulder blue gown to support her NBC show This Is Us She looked gorgeous in an off-the-shoulder sapphire gown Pretty in purple! Jada Pinkett Smith stuns in body hugging purple gown at the CMT Music Awards in Nashville The Girls Trip star made a solo trip to the awards Billy Ray Cyrus escorts his bedazzled bratop-clad daughter Brandi to CMT Music Awards in their native Nashville Cute couple 'She helps me so much': Keith Urban leads winners at CMT Music Awards with four gongs as he pays tribute to doting wife Nicole Kidman That's love! Actress Clare Bowen flaunts ample cleavage as she packs on the PDA with fiance Brandon Robert Young at the CMT Music Awards Parents-to-be! Country star Thomas Rhett rubs pregnant wife Lauren's bump as she dazzles in an emerald satin gown at CMT Awards Gorgeous in green  'At school, nobody knew Rebel Wilson': Star accused of 'lying about her age, childhood and name in Hollywood so she would appear to be in her 20s' 'There is no future!' Brad Pitt delivers bleak weather report as he satirizes President Trump's stance on climate change in comedic skit The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt 'Actors are NOT machines': Reese Witherspoon nearly 'lost her mind' during Big Little Lies shoot... and says she regrets working when pregnant What a tease! Justin Bieber has Victoria's Secret models including Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes preview his new single 2U in racy Instagram videos 'I don't have many friends': Jared Leto says he counts Leonardo DiCaprio among his only pals... as he reveals why he doesn't want to become a father Surprise! Gotham stars Morena Baccarin and Ben McKenzie get married... 14 months after birth of baby daughter Frances Become man and wife Staying active! Lauren Conrad explains how she remains fit and healthy during pregnancy... just days after revealing she's expecting a boy A heavenly vision! Petra Nemcova stuns in halter neck red gown with peek-a-boo bodice and thigh-high slit at charity gala in NYC Czech model What a yummy Mummy! Sofia Boutella dazzles in glamorous dress at promotion for monster movie in New York Shimmering star  Jimmy Fallon reveals Prince once broke a guitar belonging to house band The Roots' guitarist Kirk Douglas on his show Oops Katharine McPhee feeds co-star Kurt Teixeira fries on the set of Lifetime's The Lost Wife of Robert Durst They indulged in fast food together They're getting too old for this! Mel Gibson reunites with partner Danny Glover at tribute event for Lethal Weapon director Richard Donner Classic film double act Rachel Bilson highlights her legs in flared leather skirt and billowing patterned blouse for CMT Music Awards Legs eleven  Lady in red! Katherine Heigl stuns in full-length scarlet chiffon at CMT Awards in Nashville The actress's dress featured a plunging neckline and a full skirt Yeehaw baby! Jason Aldean's pregnant wife Brittany wears fringe frock at CMT Awards after announcing they're having a boy Walked the red carpet How to Get Away with Murder co-stars Charlie Weber and Liza Weil have been 'secretly dating for a year' How to get away with dating your co-star From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as actress proclaims 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of 50th birthday 'I don't give a s*** about them': Farrah Abraham claims she sent Teen Mom OG co-star Amber Portwood and her fiancé a cease and desist letter Luann D'Agostino takes a tumble during Real Housewives Of New York trailer...as they head to Mexico for skinny dipping and alcohol Twinkle, twinkle! Margot Robbie flaunts her trim pins in a star print frock during sunny California lunch outing Looked effortlessly stylish 'An inspiration to millions': John Travolta sends love to Grease co-star Olivia Newton-John after cancer news Her cancer has returned 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins actor in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit A look to dye for! Riley Keough stuns thanks to flowing red curls as she heads out for coffee in New York Turning heads for the right reasons Going hell for leather! Hailey Baldwin looks edgy in studded biker jacket as she touches down in Los Angeles The 20-year-old rocked a leather biker jacket 'I'm the youngest 61-year-old I know!': Bob Saget on how finding love with blogger Kelly Rizzo, 38, has given him a new lust for life  Blossoming romance 'I figured if I was to go down in flames, I would go down swinging!': John Cena describes moment he proposed to in front of MILLIONS of WrestleMania fans Yes, captain! Ronda Rousey gets fired up in new role as a coach on Battle Of The Network Stars Taking her new role very seriously  Curve appeal! Make-up free Amber Rose shows off her incredible figure as she jumps into her Rolls Royce in Beverly Hills Decked out in activewear Mod about style! Lily Collins stuns in long-sleeved mini and platform brogues at Stella McCartney presentation Encapsulated mod style Alec Baldwin looks dapper as Hilaria takes the plunge in low-cut gown for Stella McCartney presentation The power couple led the attendees Cinderella moment! Hilary Duff looks ready for the ball in dramatic gown while filming Younger Seen filming her show Younger in NYC Purrr-fect addition! Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik adopts special needs kitten and fittingly names her Adamantium She has added to her feline brood Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut a dapper figure at the Apple Awards in New York after celebrating 21 years of marriage I wish I had bulimia like Princess Diana, says Fergie: Duchess of York makes startling admission in interview about overcoming food addiction  Busy Philipps flaunts 'millennial pink' hair while lunching with Girls co-creator Jenni Konner in WeHo Formerly blonde Freaks and Geeks alum 'She's a lot of fun!': Renee Zellweger reveals she 'selfishly' hopes to reprise her role as Bridget Jones in another film For a fourth time He stole Clint's girl, romped with Gilligan's Island star Tina Louise and yukked it up with Obama: He's The Most Interesting Man in the World and he's telling all No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Wet and windy weather  Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown pairs sweats with studded Birkenstocks at LAX The 13-year-old paired her sandals with an Ivy Park hoodie So thirsty! Kim knocks back tequila shots while prancing around in thong bikini to plug liquor brand (despite saying she 'hates' the taste of alcohol)  Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman hits out at body shamers while proudly posing in a low-cut swimsuit, as she insists NO ONE should be told how to dress 'What if I can't get pregnant?' Khloe Kardashian, 32, panics after visit to fertility doctor on KUWTK She said she wants kids with beau Tristan Jessica Simpson SLAMMED for posting photo of daughter, five, in a bikini... comes one month after she shared image of child in mermaid outfit A couple that dresses together, stays together? As Selena Gomez and The Weeknd  wear matching getups, FEMAIL gets scoop on outfit coordination Showing Aaron what he's missing? Olivia Munn puts on eye-popping display in nude lace-up bralette and high-waisted pants in New York City That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Khloe was toxic, he was addicted to the fame and I was bullied over their marriage': Lamar Odom's daughter speaks out for first time since his drug overdose  Radiant Reese Witherspoon glows as she steps out with a purse and top from her own line Draper James Wearing a summery chic ensemble MTV's Road Rules star Danny Dias, 33, found dead in his apartment after suspected drug overdose two days after friend saw him 'freaking out' Sir Elton John, 70, is on top form after 'life-threatening' bacterial infection... as he announces 27 NEW dates to his Las Vegas residency 'Grateful to be back': Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris amid heightened security after Manchester attack Intense security Kylie Jenner reports for bikini duty! Reality star poses in camo swimsuit to model new army inspired collection The 19-year-old reality stripped off One has finally dried out! Prince Harry's all smiles as he meets Invictus Games swimmers in Sydney after his first day was blighted by rain  'A messy and muddled product': The Mummy panned in early reviews... with one critic calling it 'the worst movie Tom Cruise has ever made' How to get a body like Khloe: The Kardashian's nutritionist reveals she eats SEVEN meals a day and why the star doesn't drink juice She looks amazing Keeping Up With Kourtney! Ms Kardashian flaunts killer abs and hangs with Kim's bestie Jonathan Cheban... as she keeps ignoring Scott Going Beck to bed, Victoria? Busy Beckham displays her fashion fatigue in a blue pajama set after a non-stop week in New York City Comfortable outfit 'I feel sad she feels the need to expose herself': Ariel Winter's estranged mom criticizes the star adding she needs to 'grow up' and 'dress properly' Andrea Constand's mother tells court Bill Cosby offered to pay for her daughter's tuition in recorded phone calls - after he 'admitted to penetrating her' Starting as he means to go on? Disheveled Simon Cowell puffs on a cigarette as he arrives at Midsummer Ball event with girlfriend Lauren Silverman on his arm 'I don't socialize': The Handmaid's Tale star Elisabeth Moss talks having 'three friends' as she addresses the sadness of Hillary Clinton's loss So nice she did it twice! Gayle King wears $1,300 dress backwards AGAIN on CBS, one year after she made the fashion faux pas the first time Alex Rodriguez cheats on J. Lo and is not sexually attracted to her alleges self-proclaimed mistress, who claims baseball star likes rough sex and threesomes  Leading lady Rachel Weisz dazzles in a glittering tulle gown as she parades the star-studded red carpet at the My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Great Expectations star Holliday Grainger goes braless beneath saucy mesh midi as she parades the carpet at My Cousin Rachel premiere in London After George and Amal Clooney welcome twins Alexander and Ella, FEMAIL rounds up the best new beauty products for moms and infants First transgender model to appear on the cover of Vogue Paris urges others in the industry to embrace diversity Historic moment 'So inspiring!' Rihanna shows caring side as she teaches impoverished students math in Malawi The Diamonds hitmaker took to Instagram  Suki Waterhouse is reunited with rumored boyfriend Diego Luna as they step out in NYC... following her glamorous appearance at the CFDA Fashion Awards A mini Kanye West! Kim Kardashian shares new photo of son Saint... just before the rapper's 40th birthday Toddle is now 18 months old Needling for hints! Game Of Thrones plot spoilers revealed by eagle-eyed fans after behind-the-scenes video emerges from season seven Beach babe! FEMAIL reveals the items you need to have a stylish day of fun in the sun inspired by Kendall Jenner, Izabel Goulart, and more Just kidding! Now Ryan Lochte now insists he was NEVER suicidal - less than 24 hours after he said he was 'about to hang up my entire life' after the Rio scandal 'If you piss off a woman, she will scare you way more than a man': The Mummy's Sofia Boutella reveals what it's like playing a 'terrifying' female Back to brunette! Lady Gaga sports brown hair on the set of Bradley Cooper's film A Star Is Born ... after brief go at blazing orange locks Another change of look Katherine Webb films toddle Tripp throwing toy balls, revealing she and NFL star hubby AJ McCarron have been debating whether he'll be a 'lefty' or a 'righty'  'They have George's nose': Proud grandpa Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins on Skype hours after birth Salma Hayek looks stylish in black and white as she cozies up to Connie Britton and John Lithgow while promoting comedy Beatriz At Dinner Baby news! Florida Georgia Line singer Tyler Hubbard and his wife Hayley are expecting their first child together Married  two years Downton Abbey star Laura Carmichael is the picture of elegance in sophisticated blue midi dress at the Royal Academy Summer bash in London 'He's the bride!': Kate Mara says fiance Jamie Bell is doing the wedding planning as she puts on busty display in LBD on Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon House of Cards star is back in D.C. to haunt the REAL president: Kate Mara leads protest over missing animal welfare records at Department of Agriculture 'We're so excited for summer!' Ivanka Trump flashes a big smile as she steps out in a floral frock to take her three-year-old son Joseph to his last day of school Makeup-free Lea Michele touches down in Toronto as she prepares to promote sitcom The Mayor Wearing cropped jeans and a white tank Tom Cruise hints there could be a volleyball scene in the new Top Gun: Maverick movie after Val Kilmer pushes to be cast again as Iceman She loves her double denim! Jessica Biel shows off her slender legs in skintight ripped jeans while grocery shopping in New York City Rupert Murdoch, 86, and Jerry Hall, 60, put on a loved-up display in matching power suits as they arrive at the Royal Academy Of Arts Summer Exhibition FIRST LOOK: Emily Blunt poses in costume as Mary Poppins for EW cover celebrating long-awaited sequel Role made famous by Julie Andrews Alex Rodriguez's ex 'demands $600k or she will release private text messages from star'... but A-Rod 'insists he won't pay and has full support of J.Lo' Braless Selena Gomez suffers a double wardrobe malfunction in translucent black dress during dinner date with The Weeknd in New York City LeAnn Rimes wears tiny Daisy Dukes to put on show of unity with Eddie Cibrian after his ex wife Brandi Glanville predicts the couple will have ugly breakup Girl time! Olivia Munn shakes off heartbreak of Aaron Rodgers breakup as she hugs long-time pal Julianne Moore in New York City Fun day out for pair  The Walking Dead revealed as the biggest TV show on social media with over 2 MILLION mentions per episode Crazy for zombies Victoria Beckham is a dream in tangerine as she teams a loose blouse with a coordinating orange midi skirt for New York City outing Bill Maher's ex Coco Johnsen suggests he may have used N-word with her, but DENIES he's a racist and says he made 'n*****' comment to shock Stopping traffic! Stunning Salma Hayek stands out in figure-hugging orange skirt as she promotes her movie Beatriz At Dinner in New York City 'It is not the 1800s!' Kate Beckinsale shuts down man who told her to 'go home and take care of your kids' after she posted a fun video of herself partying Katy Perry reveals how she was turned into a tasty delight in behind the scenes look at her new Bon Appétit music video Singer stripped off 'He was actually really cool about it... surprisingly':  Ed Sheeran admits he 'cracked' Justin Bieber in the FACE with a golf club after drunken dare Bikini-clad Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, shows off her lithe physique in scanty snakeskin two-piece as she soaks up the sun in Palm Springs  The Handmaid's Tale once again sends shockwaves with appalling orgy scene... after viewers were left 'horrified' at previous episodes EXCLUSIVE: Shaken not stirred! Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves does his best impression of James Bond star Daniel Craig as he flaunts his fake abs in tiny speedos EXCLUSIVE: Don't blame me! Demi Moore blasts wrongful death lawsuit over 21-year-old man who drowned in her pool, claiming it was HIS own negligence  Makeup-free Felicity Jones dresses down as she steps out for designer shopping spree... hours after revealing her dazzling engagement ring Her fan-tasy woman! Brilliant in blue Camila Alves is wafted down by hostess Reese Witherspoon as they relax at fashion party in Beverly Hills That's his princess! Proud papa Chris Brown brings three-year-old daughter Royalty to premiere of his new biopic Welcome To My Life in Los Angeles  'Feeling good!': Olivia Newton-John shares update after return of breast cancer as husband adds 'she'll be a wonderful success story' 'I don't wake up like this!' Rachel Weisz claims she is NOT a natural beauty as she discusses her marriage to James Bond star Daniel Craig Bombshell in black! l Kate Upton models casual look as she stops to take a photo with an eager fan at LAX airport Skintight black jeans  Eat, Pray, Love author Elizabeth Gilbert and her girlfriend hold a commitment ceremony almost one year after she divorced her husband Sophie Turner shows off her slim figure in an all-black look as she steps out for lunch with beau Joe Jonas in West Hollywood Dating seven months 'Sometimes you have to meet up on the other side of the world': Ruby Rose and Jess Origliasso continue to flaunt their blossoming romance in London 'We're getting seven hours a night!' Liam Payne reveals Cheryl has son Bear in sleeping pattern at just 11 WEEKS... before taking swipe at Zayn Malik  The bromance lives on! Barack Obama squeezes in time to enjoy a private dinner with young pretender  Justin Trudeau during his Montreal visit It's a BOYS: Jaime Pressly reveals that she and boyfriend Hamzi Hijazi are expecting twins this fall  The 39-year-old actress also has son, 10, by ex Gordon Ramsay's father-in-law jailed for six months after Hell's Kitchen star's emails were hacked in a bid to 'air chef's dirty linen in public' following feud Beach bum! Blanca Blanco shows off her derriere in teensy bikini as she grabs a surfboard for seaside photoshoot Rocked a tiny bikini Princess Beatrice looks glamorous in a silver skirt for her first night out since returning to New York after her ex-boyfriend Dave Clark became engaged  She's her mini me! Reese Witherspoon and daughter Ava, 17, wow in patterned dresses for NET-A-PORTER X Draper James event Lookalike daughter Laughing it off! Kim and Kourtney Kardashian collapse into a fit of giggles after filming in LA... after disowning Caitlyn Jenner on KUWTK Activewear flair! Makeup-free Jessica Gomes dresses up her gym gear with a Yves Saint Laurent handbag as she steps out in Beverly Hills 'So proud': Chrissy Teigen and John Legend support daughter Luna, 14 months, as she throws out first pitch at Seattle Mariners game Held tight by her father Solemn Prince William visits Flanders in Belgium to pay tribute to Irish unionist and nationalist soldiers who fought side-by-side in World War One EXCLUSIVE: Mischa Barton's new flame revealed! Meet fashion model James Abercrombie who is heir to a whopping $430m fortune  No wonder they're shredded! Chelsea Clinton sticks with her favorite pair of frayed nude heels AGAIN as she steps out in New York for awards dinner Caitlyn Jenner looks downcast as she steps out in Malibu amid claims relationship with Kendall and Kylie has become 'very strained' Been a rough few weeks Scott who? A very happy Bella Thorne twerks in the street as she picks up some lunch with her sister Dani in LA... after Disick romance turned sour She's a knockout! Demi Lovato shows off gym-toned body while wearing boxing handwraps on set of Kate Hudson's Fabletics advertisement Winnie Harlow takes the plunge in feathered gown before breaking down in emotional speech... as Jourdan Dunn flashes underwear at Glamour Awards ABS-olutely fabulous! Kylie Jenner flaunts midriff in tiny crop top as she enjoys dinner date with Travis Scott at Miami chicken restaurant Jennifer Garner flaunts her svelte figure and slender legs in kooky pastel pineapple print midi dress at fashion launch in Los Angeles She looked great Save Tonka! The Good Wife star Alan Cumming fights back against 'filthy' animal facility in Missouri with a new petition to free ex chimp co-star Va va voom! Christie Brinkley flashes cleavage in sassy LBD as she leads the stars at Nightcap premiere Youthful beauty 63, continues to drop jaws  'We found each other': Simon Cowell shows his softer side on America's Got Talent as he cuddles a furry cat and hits Golden Buzzer for a deaf singer      DON'T MISS EXCLUSIVE: Little People Big World's Jeremy and Audrey Roloff become first-time homeowners after plunking down $465k on four-bedroom home It's in the jeans! Gigi Hadid and mom Yolanda are a matching pair in denim as Bella shows off her legs for dinner in New York Head-turning trio Dazzling in white! Glowing Amy Schumer reveals ample bosom in plunging gown as she gives speech at Designing Women Awards Gala Belle of the ball! Heidi Klum channels Beauty And The Beast in yellow dress before slipping into multiple outfits for Project Runway photo shoot in NYC Felicity Jones shows off dazzling engagement ring for the first time... as she gives flash of side-boob in a ruffled backless gown at Glamour Awards Flashing her tummy! Empire star Serayah McNeill shows off her toned belly while leaving a music studio Strutted to her car after leaving a music studio Melania Trump as you've definitely never seen her before: Sculptor creates statue in honor of the First Lady... but doesn't quite capture her beauty  It's getting hot in here! Game Of Thrones season 7 will break the world record for the amount of times someone is set on fire Heating things up 'On Broadway in 2018!' Cher confirms stage musical of her life will debut at NYC theater next year Show will Turn Back Time for legend Chivalry in the city! Flawless Sarah Jessica Parker is kept dry by hunky PA carrying an umbrella during a rainy day of filming in NYC Filming HBO's Divorce Defiant Lisa Moorish shares picture of her daughter Molly, 18, with uncle Noel Gallagher after slamming her ex Liam for being an absent father  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Carey Mulligan displays rounded bump as she films scenes for new BBC crime drama in Westminster amid pregnancy rumors Busting out! Salma Hayek showcases her bountiful bosom as she enjoys massage before film premiere She's preparing to promote her latest film Biker chic! Mariah Carey pours her curves into ripped skinny jeans and cropped leather jacket in Beverly Hills Added a pair of funky black leather boots She can sing, too! Nicole Kidman gives a rockin' impromptu performance of Proud Mary on The Late Late Show with James Corden 'I needed help getting laid!' Ed Sheeran insists his 'unfortunate looks' led to God-given music talent... before gorging 55 Maltesters during Carpool Karaoke  Who needs a wife when you have these ladies? Single Tom Cruise looks smitten with his stunning Mummy co-stars at NYC premiere Aaron Rodgers 'still not on speaking terms with his family' after Olivia Munn split The 33-year-old NFL superstar 'still has not reconciled with family' Eva Mendes makes rare public appearance in tight denim for some errands in Beverly Hills Popped up in public rocking a striped ensemble Time to find love! Corinne Olympios, DeMario Jackson and Amanda Stanton join season four of Bachelor In Paradise...as full roster is revealed Michelle Obama laments how Barack wore exact same tux for eight years and no one commented - while she was scrutinized for every dress choice Chloe Grace Moretz highlights her enviably lean legs in horse patterned Coach dress for the brand's summer bash Leggy lady!  No time for a blow out! Courteney Cox leaves a Beverly Hills salon with damp locks... but makes up for it by wearing chic $1,500 Chanel shoes Busy woman A sultry summer look in silk! Hilary Duff is ready for a heatwave in tie-dyed dress while walking her puppy Momo on Younger set in NYC Leaving them shaken and stirred! James Bond star Pierce Brosnan thrills fans by stopping for photos Cuddled up to a pair of lovelies 'Just to be in your arms again': Iman posts touching message to late husband David Bowie on what would have been 25th wedding anniversary Flower power! Jessica Biel steps out solo looking pretty as a petal in floral print jumpsuit in New York City completed her outfit with nude Louboutin heels Just like home! Prince Harry is handed a cup of tea and a chocolate cookie by admirers as he gets soaked by torrential rain in Sydney during royal visit Look away Meghan! Prince Harry charms the ladies during his visit to Australia to launch Invictus Games   Pictured sharing a laugh with various ladies Belle of the ball! Stars like Kate Bosworth and Selena Gomez don the season's most popular statement-making earrings and YOU can too Millie Bobby Brown shows off her playful side on the red carpet at Netflix event for Stranger Things The 13-year-old seemed to be having fun Letting her beau guide the way! Ariel Winter holds onto boyfriend of six months Levi Meaden as they leave a grocery store Linked arms Jennifer Hudson looks magnetic in strapless monochrome dress as she scoops Trailblazer trophy at the Glamour Women of the Year awards in London  'I'm 2,000 years old': Tom Cruise acts out scenes based on The Mummy written by kids as he appears on The Tonight Show Loving it  'Don't remember all of them': Nicole Kidman recalls wild parties and drinking absinthe during filming for Moulin Rouge as she reunited with co-star Ewan McGregor Rosé-colored locks! Amber Heard flaunts freshly dyed pink hair after laughing off wine mishap during Aquaman cast party on the Gold Coast Ariana Grande's beautiful and heart-rending version of Over The Rainbow released as a single to benefit Manchester victims 22 people were killed Is this what Ella and Alexander Clooney will look like? George and Amal's twins imagined as cherubic toddlers in computer-generated images  Frozen in time! Vanilla Ice, 49, looks fresh faced as he touches down in Melbourne with Salt-N-Pepa for the 'I Love The 90s' Australian tour Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Nikki Reed cuts effortlessly stylish figure in flowing grey dress as she grabs dinner with husband Ian Somerhalder Her cup runneth over! Vanessa Hudgens sips on champagne as she cuts a casually chic figure while shopping for new shoes at Neiman Marcus She looks like a college student! Victoria's Secret model Alessandra Ambrosio wears backpack and sweatshirt as she arrives in London Her little man: Kourtney Kardashian bonds with son Mason Disick, 7, as she joins sister Kim for KUWTK filming Played the doting mom as she stepped out in LA Ready to Rambo! Brooklyn Beckham channels military chic in ripped khaki t-shirt and camouflage combats ... and a headband inspired by dad David  Meg flyin'! Sleepless In Seattle star Ryan is a vision in black as she heads home after jetting into Los Angeles She stunned at the CFDA Fashion Awards It runs in the family! Mandy Moore and her This is Us daughter Chrissy Metz shine in gorgeous gowns at gala event in Los Angeles On the red carpet Michelle Williams is a seventies style icon as she films kidnap drama in Rome with Mark Wahlberg The pair were in character Nicole Kidman praises the 'best year of her life' on the eve of her 50th birthday... as she pays tribute to London in Glamour Women Of The Year speech Shaking it like no one's watching! Kim Zolciak is caught twerking in a bikini by her daughter Brielle during tropical vacation Watch the full video It's a boy and a girl! George and Amal Clooney celebrate arrival of 'healthy and happy' twins  Couple welcomed Ella and Alexander So awkward! Jerry Seinfeld shuns Kesha's requests for hug on red carpet... and admits he has no idea who she is Singer approached  comedian in DC Revolution has a price tag! Natalie Portman hikes with three-month-old daughter Amalia before slipping into $710 feminist T-shirt Enjoyed a stroll PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shopping for baby clothes? Amal Clooney's mother Baria is spotted browsing London stores after birth announcement Karate Kids 2! Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas show off their martial arts moves for second day in a row  During a parking lot kettle bell session 'It felt like having a baby': Thandie Newton says being naked in Westworld was empowering and liberating 'Intense self-affirmation' Hollywood star Rebel Wilson arrives at court for the final day of her defamation trial against Australian manazine Will wrap up her trial on Wednesday Giddyup! Ashton Kutcher and Jada Pinkett Smith are set to present at this year's CMT Music Awards The bash celebrates folk musicians Taking the plunge! Keri Russell rocks extra low-cut blouse and sophisticated trench coat for New York outing  Looking glamorous Lovely in lace: Kate Mara strikes an elegant pose in white dress to promote new war drama Megan Leavey in NYC For her appearance on AOL's Build Series 'That photographer's assistant is trying REALLY hard not to look at my boobs': Ashley Graham shares VERY intimate inner thoughts during sexy shoot 'We meditate together': Hugh Jackman, 48, reveals the secret behind his successful 21-year marriage to wife Deborra-Lee Furness, 61 Long-lasting relationship Gabourey Sidibe hits out at 'annoying' people who compliment her for shedding pounds post-surgery Actress can't stand  uninvited remarks Ruby Rose dons an all-black ensemble while girlfriend Jessica Origliasso rocks a white suit as they hold hands on the red carpet in London  'Party of five!' The Chew's Daphne Oz happily announces third pregnancy on Instagram, but admits that many fans had already 'guessed'  Megyn Kelly gets personal, plays coy and even sings Bon Jovi on 'Today' segment with husband - appearing for fifth straight day on the NBC morning show I gained 60lbs again! Ciara reveals her post-baby weight loss goals after welcoming second baby Sienna  Gave birth to Sienna just over a month ago  Chelsea Clinton hails cab to work in shredded heels while out-of-work hubby Marc Mezvinsky selects torn loafers for trip to the park with daughter Charlotte Kim Kardashian and Kanye West arrive home after kicking off his 40th birthday celebrations with trip to Bahamas with North and Saint The Crown star Vanessa Kirby gives a shout out to female empowerment as she leads the winners at the Glamour Women of the Year Awards Summer style on a budget! As Karlie Kloss and Olivia Palermo make affordable fashions look amazing, FEMAIL rounds up 24 cheap-yet-chic finds They have a name! Pregnant Jill Duggar and husband Derick Dillard of Counting On reveal they will call their second son Samuel Scott Fairytale family! Ginnifer Goodwin and Josh Dallas take sons Oliver and Hugo out for a magical day at Disneyland Once Upon A Time stars  EXCLUSIVE:  Meet the girlfriend of Tom Cruise's son Connor - a sexy blonde deep sea fishing expert with a wild side and a mugshot to prove it Thomas Cohen and his girlfriend Zoe Sidel make a kooky pair in striking boho looks as they enjoy a date night at a charity art event in London Let's go, baby! Peta Murgatroyd takes son Shai to the gym for pre-wedding workout with fiance Maksim  The Dancing With the Stars professionals 'I don't know what the f*** we talk about': Gwyneth Paltrow admits she doesn't always understand the advice on her site Goop Her big confession  Tearful Andrea Constand comes face to face with smirking Bill Cosby for first time in a decade as she tells court how she woke up to find him groping her  Noel Gallagher 'donates profits from his song Don't Look Back In Anger to charity for Manchester victims... as he claims he was never invited to One Love gig' Happy National Day! Sweden's royals turn out in traditional dress to ring in the festivities - but it's adorable Princess Estelle who steals the show  Mommy's me time! Selma Blair takes a break from parenting her son to enjoy a pampering session in LA Sported a nautical look with striped top Giving dad advice? Barack Obama visited George Clooney at the actor's English estate just nine days before Amal gave birth Spent evening together Trouble in paradise? Selena Gomez dazzles as she steps out for a date night with her boyfriend The Weeknd... but the pair don't look too happy Party time! Pals Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin change out of red carpet frocks to hit the town after CFDA Fashion Awards in New York City Rihanna shows off her nipple piercing as she dances in sheer crop top while filming music video in Miami... after breaking silence over fat shaming with meme Back to the Big Apple! Shay Mitchell shows off her city chic style in sheer top and fitted jeans... after sharing bathtub photo from Morocco Lisa Rinna's daughter Delilah Belle Hamlin displays her model figure in blush satin gown at fashion awards She was recently signed to IMG Models  EXCLUSIVE: Judge DENIES Jim Carrey's motion to remove claims he transmitted STDs in wrongful death battle with his late girlfriend's mom  Where's Stella? Kristen Stewart leaves her ex Alicia Cargile's house in the morning... but model girlfriend Maxwell is nowhere to be seen A warm hug! Lea Michele wraps her arms around a male friend as she dresses down to meet up with a group of pals in a Beverly Hills park 'I was about to hang up my entire life': Ryan Lochte reveals he considered suicide after Rio Games but is better than ever with a son on the way  Still got it! Hugh Hefner's 54-year-old ex-wife Kimberly strips down to a lacy black bra to recreate iconic 1988 Playboy cover - after her SON suggested it Pregnant Serena Williams looks glowing in a loose white top as she relaxes courtside to watch the tennis during French Open Snacking on a banana Britney Spears spins into a kiss with boyfriend Sam Asghari on Instagram as he visits her in Japan Toxic singer is currently on tour in Asia  Kerry Washington gives her parents a present on HER birthday... along with 'inappropriate notes' thanking them for 'getting it on' Designer off duty! Make-up free Stella McCartney, 45, is casual on a clothes run as she carries the coffees in NYC Glowing complexion  Braving the windy weather! Queen Letizia of Spain displays her slender figure in a wine-colored outfit in Madrid Glamorous royal  Dangerous curves ahead! Iggy Azalea showcases her famous physique and surgically-enhanced bust in a lilac bikini aboard luxury yacht in Mexico Former police officer who protected Whitney Houston and inspired hit film The Bodyguard claims his efforts to intervene in star's drugs spiral saw him FIRED! Last hurrah! Mindy Kaling unites with her writers as they prepare for final season of The Mindy Project Former The Office star is moving on  Flower power! Tara Reid is all smiles as she steps out in petal-patterned jacket in New York City The 41-year-old enjoyed Big Apple sunshine Today's headlines Most Read Estranged husband of NBC vice president 'chokes their seven-year-old daughter to death in her bed', two... Dramatic moment armed robber opens fire on police from bus in broad daylight in front of terrified civilians... It's Comey Day in D.C. as fired FBI director's Senate testimony puts uncomfortable spotlight on Trump in... Trump-whisperer Corey Lewandowski insists president was asking Comey for 'loyalty to the country' and not to... Trump will watch Comey's testimony – with his lawyers! – but live-tweeting may not be in the cards EXCLUSIVE: Daughter, 31, shot millionaire Stephen King television drama producer and left him naked and... Jilted female prison guard shot dead bus driver boyfriend after he dumped her, before shooting herself in... Detroit teenager who worked at a shoe store is shot dead after he tried to sell $140 Air Jordan's on the... Mother of murdered Baby Doe testifies that her heroin addict ex-boyfriend was a follower of Alex Jones and... Heart bypass patients are healthy for 10 years after their surgery - but then their risk of an early death... Chicago Cubs player Addison Russell is taken to task by his wife on Instagram for cheating  Four people shot dead in 'murder-suicide' at a Pennsylvania supermarket 'But does your dad have a helicopter?' The cringeworthy antics of 'entitled' rich kids revealed (and some of... Eat almonds before bed, avoid caffeine after midday and ditch sugary desserts: Nutritionist's simple tips to... Believing in God could help combat diabetes, controversial new research suggests Cool under fire! Man is almost killed by a flying fridge door after shooting explosive-filled target with an... Why a slice of BREAD is the ultimate money-saving cleaning tool (and it can magically erase those annoying... 'It's my fault': Woman accused of encouraging her teen boyfriend to kill himself texted her friend two... Alabama man, 46, is set to be executed for shooting three fast food workers dead during a $2,100 robbery... What do YOUR dreams mean? From bees and crowns to puppies and pairs of shoes, expert reveals what they say... Playboy model, 27, celebrates first anniversary of her marriage to 63-year-old millionaire husband alone... 'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will... Former Papa John's and Domino’s worker reveals the pizza giants’ secrets - including a trick for reheating... Florida woman who sent 'disturbing' threats to the father of a boy, six, killed in the Sandy Hook massacre... 'I put my entire reputation on it': Auctioneer spends $50,000 proving that painting found in Arizona... Are these the most pampered pets of all time? The furry friends that are fed fillet steak, roast dinners and... Former bus driver, 27, who lived with his parents is found guilty of travelling to Syria to join ISIS where... Drinking 4 cups of coffee or just 1 of herbal tea each day protects against deadly liver disease Do YOU keep onions in the fridge? Why the vegetable will go off VERY quickly if you keep it chilled (and... MORE HEADLINES He stole Clint Eastwood's woman, had nonstop sex with Gilligan's Island actress Tina Louise and yukked it up with President Obama - of course he did, he's The Most Interesting Man in the World and he tells all in new memoir Four-year-old boy tragically drowns ONE WEEK after going swimming in rare dry-drowning case Donald Trump told James Comey 'I need loyalty, I EXPECT loyalty' in one-on-one dinner, fired FBI director reveals in bombshell sworn testimony - and says president asked him to PROVE he hadn't used Russian hookers Estranged husband of NBC vice president 'chokes their seven-year-old daughter to death in her bed', two months after his wife filed for divorce and one day after he surrendered the family home Andrea Constand's mother tells court Bill Cosby offered to pay for her daughter's tuition in recorded phone calls - after he 'admitted to penetrating her' and claims she 'even had an orgasm' 'It's my fault': Woman accused of encouraging her teen boyfriend to kill himself texted her friend two months after his suicide telling her she 'could have stopped him' Heart-stopping video shows moment armed police gunned down London Bridge terrorists in a hail of bullets seconds after all three jihadis stabbed a passer-by - who miraculously got to his feet  Mother shot dead her two young children in their sleep and killed family dog before ending her own life and setting fire to her home in the middle of a 'bitter' custody battle with her estranged husband Chicago Cubs player Addison Russell is taken to task by his wife on Instagram for cheating  Dramatic moment armed robber opens fire on police from bus in broad daylight in front of terrified civilians - just minutes before they shoot him dead 'They have George's nose': Proud grandfather Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins on Skype hours after birth 'It looked like they pulled a toddler out of my belly!': Florida mom gives birth to a 13.5-pound baby girl Cool under fire! Man is almost killed by a flying fridge door after shooting explosive-filled target with an assault rifle Bomb squad carry out two controlled explosions outside new US Embassy in London after suspicious vehicles are parked outside Louisiana man is charged over murder of missing massage therapist, 24, after her boyfriend found her body in woods near the home of her last client  Two Missouri teens tied a kitten to a car's bumper and dragged it to its death as laughing friends videotaped the 'cat tossing and turning until it could not run anymore' Playboy model, 27, celebrates first anniversary of her marriage to 63-year-old millionaire husband alone because 'he couldn't make it'  Pictured: Mute autistic boy, four, who starved to death clinging to his mother's rotting corpse TWO WEEKS after she died from an epileptic fit in their London flat  Vladimir Putin slams Hillary Clinton saying she 'abused the Russian issue' by comparing him to Hitler and praises Ronald Reagan for stopping work at 6 p.m. each day to watch TV with his wife in series of interviews with Oliver Stone Every little thing is gonna be alright! Incredible before and after photos show how frightened and abandoned dog Bob Marley is on road to recovery after he and his pal were rescued I wish I had bulimia like Princess Diana, says Fergie: Duchess of York makes startling admission in interview about overcoming food addiction  Married teacher, 39, who 'filmed herself having intercourse and performing sex acts on a 17-year-old male student' is charged after clips of the the mother-of-five were posted online and she tried to bribe the pupil to keep quiet 'I don't think anyone would survive': Putin tells Oliver Stone that a 'hot' war between the US and Russia would result in nuclear holocaust MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > Google Chrome 59 for Android will load your web… Google Chrome 59 for Android will load your web pages 10-20 percent faster By Christian de Looper — Updated June 7, 2017 7:24 pm Subscribe Share These are the 10 greatest Porsches ever made Get your Sagan on with these 42 awe-inspiring photos of the final frontier Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you Waiting around for web pages to load can be a real pain, but Google Chrome 59 for Android aims to help change that. Google launched Chrome 59 for Android, bringing a number of improvements and new features to the mobile browser. While the browser may look the same, Google made a few tweaks under the hood that should seriously improve the browser’s performance. According to Google, Chrome 59 will allow for faster page loading and will take up less memory. The browser also features a few stability and bug improvements. As a result of the tweaks, Google notes that web pages should load between 10 and 20 percent faster than they otherwise would, which is a nice boost for users. Chrome 59 also brings full support for animated PNGs, also known as APNGs. APGNs are very similar to GIFs, however, they support 24-bit images, and 8-bit transparency — so they are a little higher quality than GIFs. The format has been gaining quite a lot of traction of late — it has been supported in Mozilla’s Firefox for some time now and Apple added support for it in iOS 10’s iMessage app. If you do not already have Google Chrome 59, you will likely get it soon — it is currently rolling out to Android devices through the Google Play Store. Google has been making some serious improvements to Chrome for Android over the past few months. In May, the company updated the browser to add support for saving content for offline viewing. That feature was a pretty important release and not only does it make it easier for people to browse the web without an internet connection but it also takes a bite out of services like Pocket. To download content for viewing offline, all you have to do is open a page and open the menu, after which you will notice a small download button. Then, to browse through your downloaded content, hit the “Downloads” button and you will be able to scroll through everything you have saved.
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > How to factory reset a Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus How to factory reset a Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus By Kyle Wiggers — Updated June 6, 2017 12:45 am Subscribe Share These are the 10 greatest Porsches ever made Think inside the box with these tricked-out shipping container homes Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Given how complicated and unforgiving smartphones can be, it’s not surprising that installing an app by mistake, misplacing a file, or screwing up settings are all-too-common occurrences. That’s true even on Samsung’s Galaxy S8, which puts ease-of-use features first and foremost. But whether you’ve messed up your smartphone beyond the point of recognition or just want to get back to the no-frills, bare bones configuration you had when you switched it on for the first time, there’s a solution: Factory resetting your phone. Resetting a Galaxy S8 to factory default is a lot easier than you might think. The process will wipe your apps and files — including songs, videos, contacts, photos, and calendar info — but backup programs and Samsung’s cloud storage features make recovering them relatively easy. Alternatively, if you’re selling your Galaxy S8 and want to make sure personal information doesn’t make its way into a stranger’s hands, a factory reset is a great way to permanently delete your data. Here’s how to backup and factory reset a Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus. Factory reset protection Factory Reset Protection (FRP), a security measure Google introduced in Android 5.0 Lollipop, is designed to prevent thieves from wiping your device and using or selling it. But if you don’t disable it, it can interfere with a factory reset. When you reset a phone to factory default with FRP enabled, it’ll prompt you to enter the user name and password for the last Google account registered to the device. That’s good and fine if you’re the owner, but obviously problematic if you’ve sold it or given it to another person. Here’s how to disable Factory Reset Protection on the Galaxy S8: First, remove your Google account. Go to Settings > Cloud & accounts > Accounts and tap on Google. Then tap the three vertical dots in the upper right, or More > Remove account. Make sure to remove every Google account you see. Next, you’ll have to remove your Samsung account. Head to Settings > Lock screen and security > Find My Mobile. Enter your password, tap on your account at the top, and select More > Remove account. Now that you’ve disabled Factory Reset Protection, it’s a good idea to back up your apps and settings. Alternatively, you can skip straight to the factory reset process. How to back up data How to back up apps To back up the apps and games you’ve installed on your Galaxy S8, head to the Settings menu. Tap Cloud and accounts, then Backup & restore. Tap Back up my data, and choose whether or not you’d like to back up your account data, Wi-Fi passwords, and other settings to Google’s servers. How to back up contacts Saving your contacts to the cloud is just as easy as backing up your apps and settings. Open the Settings menu, and then tap Cloud and accounts.  Tap Accounts, and then select the account you’d like to sync. Tap the three vertical dots in the top-right corner, and tap Sync now. Your cloud-stored contacts should now be up to date. How to back up media & pictures Factory resetting your Galaxy S8 doesn’t have to mean losing your photos, videos, and other media. Here’s how to back everything up. Tap the Samsung folder, and then tap My Files.  Tap Internal storage. Tap the three vertical dots icon, and then tap Share. Select the content you want to backup. Tap Share, and select the location you want the content to be shared with. Reset your Galaxy S8 from the settings menu The easiest way to factory reset your Galaxy S8 is from the phone’s settings menu. Make sure it’s powered on, and then go to Settings > Backup and reset. Tap on Factory data reset, then Reset device, and finally Erase everything. Now sit tight — the process takes a few minutes. Once it’s finished, you’ll see the Galaxy S8’s welcome screen. Reset your Galaxy S8 from the recovery menu Sometimes, software corruption, persistent malware, and other factors make resetting your Galaxy S8 from the settings menu an unrealistic proposition. Luckily, you can erase the phone’s data without having to boot into its operating system by using the recovery menu. Make sure your Galaxy S8 is powered down. Hold the Volume up, Bixby, and Power buttons at the same time, and keep them held down until you see the Samsung logo. After 30 seconds, you should see the Android Recovery Menu. If your phone boots up as normal, try repeating the previous two steps. Press the Volume down button four times, until Wipe data/Factory reset is highlighted. Select it using the Power button. Press the Volume down button seven times until Yes — delete all user data is highlighted. Select it using the Power button, which triggers the reset process. Once the factor reset is complete, press the Power button and select reboot system now. Once the Galaxy S8 boots, you’ll see the default welcome screen. Reset your Galaxy S8 using Samsung’s Smart Switch PC software If you’d prefer to use a computer to reset the Galaxy S8, good news: Samsung’s Smart Switch software makes it simple. It’ll guide you through the factory reset process, install the newest firmware on your Galaxy S8, and wipe your apps, settings, and personal data. There are a few prerequisites, though. You’ll need to plug the Galaxy S8 into one of your PC’s USB ports using a USB-C adapter, and you’ll have to download and install the Smart Switch software from Samsung’s website. From there, it’s all downhill. If you’re plugging in your Galaxy S8 for the first time, you’ll have to wait for the necessary drivers to install. Once that’s finished, move on to the next steps. Launch the Samsung Smart Switch software you installed earlier. Your phone will appear in the list of devices. Click more in the top-right corner of the screen, and then click Emergency Software Recovery and Initialization. Click Device Initialization. Click OK; click OK again to confirm the initialization; and click OK a third time to confirm you’ve read the list of precautions. Choose whether you want to create a backup. If you’d rather not, click Skip backup. If you get a User Account Control prompt, click Yes. Smart Switch will download and install the latest Galaxy S8 firmware to your device. Once it finishes, click OK. Your Galaxy S8 should now turn on and it will be wiped clean, ready to set up afresh or pass along.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 Plus 1 on G+ 47 Share on Facebook 29 Share on Twitter Total Shares87 Google News Google has made some pretty great commercials in the past, like the first Pixel ad and the Google Gnome April Fool's joke. The company has created a series of ads for the Google Home, mostly to highlight the Home's temporary price drop, and one of them is... not good. The ad isn't too bad until the end, when the speaker says "And they'll be like 'O.M.G', and you'll be like 'I K-N-O.W'," at which point it entered Fellow Kids territory. The only other ad in the series (for the moment), called 'Celebrity,' isn't too bad though. Tags ad advertisement fellow kids Google how do you do subscribe ... Previous Story Sprint and T-Mobile Galaxy S8 and S8+ receiving updates that bring the May patch, an updated ... ... Next Story Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and ... Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Jimk4003 O.H. D.E.A.R. Luckbuckets Oh hey! Didn't Earnest Ask Ronda thespacecowboy Oh D.E.A.R. Y.O.U. M.E.A.N. ;) but aside from that, google assistant is awesome XerBlade Depending on your perspective, this kind of dumb can be either hilarious or hilariously bad. I, for one, am in the hilarious camp. I think I might be in the target audience for this ad. Tim Harman Yea, it's so stupid that it's funny which I think is what they're going for. I mean, Bruno Mars? Qbancelli Dudes getting worked out about some words spoken in a commercial, lol nxtiak I like the current trend of Google commercials. This has the same voice from the Google Photo Scan app commercial. It's funny. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEyDt0DNjWU Rob Agree with you a lot Willie Chalmers III I like the voice, but what she says annoys me. If Google has determined that this style of advertising increases revenue, I'm okay with it. TechGirl90 Really?......It can always be worse, like this commercial. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Lwh2xA4uvo Gjorgi Lazarovski WHAT. THE. FUCK. dariusmoss i like it? it does a good job showing off some of the neat features.. and if you live in an area populated by a lot of millennial and younger white people, then like literally like saying like a whole lot is like normal. like my boss talks like this and she's like 37. this commercial is targeted at what is a huge demographic where i live.. north dallas tx for the curious Benjamin Lehto Pretty sure that the overuse of the word 'Like', isn't relegated to just younger white millennial's. dariusmoss well sure.. maybe not universally. but, where i live, it most certainly is mostly white millennials and the younger peeps. of course i'm not talking exclusively jcopernicus I like it! craftyorb IT BROKE NEW GROUNDS! ScottColbert Slow news day? Major Sceptic I must be getting old , it just didn't seem funny . vmxr M E H JohnyNoLegs The Apple home alternative will be out in Australia before both the Google Home and Amazon Alexa LOLOLOLOL. Google and Amazon sitting on their products for almost a year, and Apple still beat them haha JD But Machine Learning told them it would be a good idea Indianajonze what was so bad about it? fit with the theme of the ad 100%. i liked it boop I thought it was cute. Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 108 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 109 queries | 0.287s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 37 Plus 1 on G+ 159 Share on Facebook 40 Share on Twitter Total Shares236 Carriers Google News Last week Sprint and Rogers announced that users sending messages between the two carriers will be able to make use of RCS. RCS, of course, is the new standard to replace SMS that Google committed to back in 2015. So far each carrier seems to have its own idea for how RCS should work. But Google's recent work in cross-carrier communication is a big step towards ubiquity, and thanks to the tech behind this latest interconnect other carriers can more easily get in on the RCS action. We are deploying a "hub" model, so that carriers can interconnect to the hub once to get access to all other carriers connected to the hub. — Nick Fox (@RealNickFox) June 5, 2017 Google's Nick Fox followed up his announcement on the 1st with an answer to a question posed by our own Artem about how Google's RCS interconnect works. Instead of requiring that carriers individually connect their networks in some capacity to one another to exchange RCS messages, the RCS standards used by Google and the GSMA make use of a hub-style interconnect. Google's hub-based implementation of RCS in the recent cross-carrier announcement isn't a new technology, but it is cool. Back in 2013, the GSM Association published a white paper that detailed how RCS could work — and it's very much worth a read if you are even mildly interested in the future of carrier messaging, RCS, or even just networking. The white paper showed a few different methods for RCS implementation, such as using a direct NNI (Network-Network Interface) decentralized network for each carrier interconnection. Unfortunately, that particular solution results in a quickly rising number of interconnects as the number of carriers increases (n(n - 1) / 2), which means for each additional carrier in the network a larger investment needs to be made by those in it. The white paper also talked about a hub model for RCS, which has clear advantages for carriers. Rather than be burdened with developing their own connections to other carriers, each needs only connect to the one central hub presumably provided by Google. But, this centralized system will likely suffer from the same sort of weaknesses that all centralized systems do. For instance, if the capacity of the hub isn't high enough for the traffic present, then messages might not be delivered as expected, or things could grind to a halt. A central network is also more susceptible to censorship, attacks, or interference. However, it also provides some advantages, such as decreasing the investment of time and resources for carriers joining the standard. 4 node interconnect vs 36 The hub system proposed in the white paper (based on Openmind Networks implementation for SMS/MMS) does have drawbacks, but fewer connections might end up meaning faster deployment. And since Google has already done the work bringing the hub network up for Sprint and Rogers, each additional carrier should only responsible for its connection to that hub, as opposed to managing every link to every other RCS carrier themselves. Perhaps the recent news might help other carriers be persuaded to adopt Google's version of RCS, if for no other reason than cost-cutting. Why manage a ton of different networks for RCS when they can let Google cough up the cash for infrastructure? After all, if there's one thing carriers love, it's money. Tags hub networking interconnect node rcs Rogers Sprint subscribe ... Previous Story Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and ... ... Next Story MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Jayson Stephenson In case anybody is interested. Release 2 of the RCS universal profile which is to contain the needed information for third-party apps (Like Textra) to utilize RCS features will be released very soon. http://i.imgur.com/HLbSwcy.jpg https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14Ns9oV0Dh8_S5M-JHDvJ8sNHR6rpbiq2N6qZlP3g9zQ/edit Ryne Hager The beauty of that document makes me feel bad about my Google Docs skills. Jayson Stephenson Trust me, it wasn't anywhere that great to begin with. I really learned a lot with this doc and the amazing features/flexibility that G-Drive has. Snowsky Mountain Does this mean I can use third-party apps like the SMS Backup & Restore app to backup and restore RCS messages? Jayson Stephenson Yes, but even better. RCS Messages are by default synced to your carriers cloud infrastructure. So if you were to change phones/tablets your messages will be in sync with whatever device you use. Snowsky Mountain Where would I go to turn off/on that syncing of messages? Would it be from a messaging app, like the Android Messages app? Or would it be through my carrier? Also, I wonder what (if any) effect that would have on T-Mobile's DIGITS service, which appears to do something similar for SMS/MMS messages... Jayson Stephenson I'm not 100% yet. But I believe your answer might be on what Google turns its new 'Carrier Services' app into. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.ims&hl=en MJ I have no interest in my carrier storing my messages. No thanks... I hope this can be turned off. Jayson Stephenson I'm sure a lot of people will agree with you. As I mentioned to Snowsky, I believe the option for that will be on whatever Google turns its new 'Carrier Services' app into. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.ims&hl=en Latheryin There goes your privacy. Dmitri Smirnov There was never any to begin with in the SMS world. Latheryin That completely is a matter of the country to live in. Dmitri Smirnov SS7 vulnerabilities prove, that lack of privacy transcends borders :) Also, there is nothing preventing your carrier to store the SMS "for technical reasons" regardless of a country. At any rate, while RCS might be a weird attempt to catch up with the messenger market, it is definitely not worse than the SMS. Latheryin Acutally there is. At least in the states. There are laws that prevent them from being more then a pass through. As for the messaging market. That also depends on the country you live in. Data messengers are bigger in developing countries then they are say in the states. A perfect example is that 3% of the US population even use a messaging app as their primary. SMS or just flat out calling is the preffered. David Ruddock Cool doc, but Verizon and AT&T are both signatories on the RCS Universal Profile. That doesn't compel them to do anything, but it seems unlikely they'd sign if they didn't intend to be compatible with the universal profile at some point, which is what Google Jibe is based on. Jayson Stephenson It doesn't say anywhere they they ever will implement it. In fact I expect they won't for a long time. All it mentions is their RCS is a proprietary format meaning it will work on only their internal networks. Also check out my comment on AT&T. newtonfb ATT showed a demo of it at MWC(I see that you made that comment on the doc, you should include the twitter picture also). I dont see why ATT and Tmobile will not have the UP out by the end of the year. Verizon is a different story as they have not showed or said anything about it. Jayson Stephenson The doc is open source. ;) Latheryin Yes attached showed it but it plans on placing it on top of their SMS setup not as a replacement. wicketr I think what he's saying is that "yes, it's proprietary now, but they planning on having UP with an unconfirmed launch date". The same is true for most of these. T-Mobile's is currently proprietary, but has been rumored to be UP completed by the end of the year. But it's undetermined if it's going to use Google's hub, or implement the RCS UP using Samsung's infratructure across the boards. Jayson Stephenson Yes, sorry for the confusion. I will see if I can design it any better. But so far the only carrier which we know guaranteed is in the process of installing the UP is T-Mobile. Which is mentioned in the doc. Tom Erlandsen Calling it now, I bet Allo gets RCS support fairly soon after this release Joshua Why? Android Messages - which has RCS - is made by Google. They could have implemented RCS into Allo this whole time. Tom Erlandsen Because Google wants Allo to succeed, and the absolute best way they can do that is by having some kind of carrier messaging fallback. They're not going to do SMS fallback, the Allo lead has come out and said that before. But they've never said they won't do RCS fallback. And the fact that Android Messages has RCS support means absolutely nothing. Google is infamous for its A/B tests, so it's hardly a stretch to imagine them having two apps with RCS support. If Allo with RCS fallback proves very popular and successful, I could imagine them discontinuing Android Messages and making Allo with RCS the default messaging app on Android, requiring OEMs to bundle it with their devices. But I only think they'll do that if Allo proves to be a success, as otherwise they'll face massive OEM backlash Joshua They wont discontinue Android Messages because here in Canada where RCS has been out for months, carriers have said in 2018 Android Messages is shipping with all of their devices. Tom Erlandsen Like I said, I don't think they'd discontinue Android Messages unless Allo was poised to take its place (i.e. had a decent userbase). And that would take a while to happen, even with RCS support. So yeah Android Messages will probably stay for a while, until Google has something it feels would make a better replacement, and I think that's what they'll try and build Allo into Jayson Stephenson You have a very similar theory as I do. I think the point of the renaming of Google Messages to "Android Messages" is to give all AOSP devices a baseline messenger app that is not branded with the Google name, and supports whatever standard your carrier utilizes. (SMS/MMS/RCS) Obviously Allo will not be getting full-SMS support at all for obvious reasons....(https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/53uvvu/why_sms_fallback_isnt_the_holy_grail_you_all/) But it might be possible for it to get RCS support and still allowing it to view, send, and receive SMS messages. As SMS messages are connected to your carriers data infrastructure instead of tied to your phone storage. (If you have an RCS compatible carrier) You can have Allo to communicate to any non-Allo contacts while still utilizing its rich features with Allo-Allo communication. Although I'm not sure if such an app/feature is even possible. If it were, we could see a messenger revolution! Abraham No this is how I see it. Android Messages is a very generic simple SMS/RCS platform. No real branding, no real benefit for Google. This makes carriers happy as they are not shoving Google on everyones faces by default. Allo, if it gets RCS support. Will be the Google branded, with Google assistant and many more things. But this will be for the user to decide if they want to use. Not set as default to keep the user and carriers happy. What do you guys think? Joshua More likely. Allo will never replace Android Messages. Android Messages is a very lightweight, clean, and basic app. Allo is full of many (some might call pointless) features most don't want or need. Allo is slow to open compared to Android Messages, which could get annoying if you just want to send a quick SMS/RCS message. .w oh, and google will be in the center of our communication even more! and if someone opts to use basic sms, which doesn't use internet and such one will end up being processed but damn google... how "noble" of them, and they will probably do this also for "free" (i.e. "only" our data will be collected)... 😆😄 Better Google than Amazon, Facebook, or Apple. That's for sure. .w I'm not so sure about that, given google cluster-freck attitude towards messaging apps... None of the above looks great tbh... Nana Adu-Krow Not sure what is so hard to understand about their messaging apps. Each one serves a different purpose. And if you feel like there's apps that lack certain functionality (like web app support or something) you have the option to use something 3rd party. .w ROTFL, I didn't say that it's hard to understand but the purpose of messaging app is, well... messaging. In case of google you have abundance of messaging apps and if they have distinctive functionality it's even worse - there should be single app that handles all the basics and does it well. That's not the case in google messaging ecosystem. Why would I put my feet in that mess? Just to find out that in a couple of months google would introduce yet another messaging app? or in case of operators - say that they were mistaken if not 100% chooses their solution. Bottomline - trusting google services, especially those not well established (like mail, calendar, docs or android ecosystem) is veeeery risky... Cakefish When will RCS come to the UK? NathanDrago My knowledge is that SMS have basically disappeared. I only receive SMS from my bank and my carrier. Everybody is using WhatsApp / Telegram / you name it. What's the purpose of this effort for RCS? Is RCS more capable than WhatsApp / Telegram / you name it? David Ruddock SMS is still widely used in the USA. NathanDrago But don't you suspect that by the time this standard even starts to spread, USA will already have caught up with the rest of the world (that is, abandoning non-data messages)? It seems to me a lot of wasted resources. raddacle Considering how comfortable people are with services like iMessage which discriminates against other OS's, I don't see SMS going anywhere for the US. SMS is as standard as possible for the US right now. The only way to change the standard is by forcing it, hence RCS. .w This highly depends on the country... Peter Obligatory XKCD https://m.xkcd.com/927/ Dat Nguyen Here in Belgium, SMS is still used (well less than before) because when it comes to mobile subscriptions, Belgium is one of the countries that has expensive prices. For example, for 15€ a month, the carrier I use gives you 2,5 hours of calling, unlimited texting and 1,5 Gb of data so it's not like I can enable the data 24/7 And none of the carriers in Belgium doesn't seem to be aware of RCS AbdulB1 keep it on 3g. You will survive within limits Ryne Hager RCS is supposed to be an open replacement for SMS/MMS. But it is really just another competing standard. At least when compared to things like WhatsApp it isn't a private system. Any carrier that wants to can jump on and start using RCS for messaging, while WhatsApp is not so open and requires that you use their app the way they want you to. So TL:DR RCS is just supposed to replace old standards. bekifft Obligatory XKCD: https://xkcd.com/927/ Latheryin Data only messaging services are not really used a lot in the states and many other places. Data rates are just too high where SMS is unlimited free. Kyle Salewski Really hoping that since Google is behind this, and with the recent revamp of Google Voice, that RCS would soon come to GV. Anyone have any insight on the complexity behind that? Or would it be really difficult since Google Voice isn't a traditional "carrier" but more of a middle man. David Ruddock It would make sense as a reason for them bringing it back from the brink of death, if nothing else. bekifft But Google Voice / Hangouts are the core of the Frankenstein monster that is Google Fi. They seem to be trying to kill both brands, so it makes more sense to do this as part of Google Fi. But maybe GV / GFi is just more A / B testing. Willie Chalmers III More like A/B/C/D/E testing for a messaging strategy. Snowsky Mountain Is an Internet connection required to send and receive RCS messages? Jay Yes. h4rr4r So then why bother with it over XMPP? Snowsky Mountain So what would happen if I had a cellular connection but no Internet (no Wi-Fi or data)? Would it fall back to SMS/MMS? Jay Yep, you got it! John Doe VoLTE? Phone service requires Internet now so why not messages? Evan Anderson For instance, if the capacity of the hub isn't high enough for the traffic present, then messages might not be delivered as expected, or things could grind to a halt. This is an extremely unlikely situation. Any large network system, such as this one, will have plenty of redundancy and excess capacity to avoid ever overloading the system. Star network topology is standard these days, so this architecture makes perfect sense. Any other topology is highly inefficient. Snowsky Mountain I wonder what would happen if that were to occur, though. Maybe it would fall back to SMS/MMS? Ryne Hager It's definitely unlikely, I'm more concerned about denial of service implications from a centralized system. Decentralized might be more expensive for the carriers, but it would be more robust. Borgman Say Android Messages gets RCS on all carriers and stuff. What then will be the incentive to use Allo or other IM? Sruly J Well Allo has bots... Marcellus1 It'll be the particular feature set of each offering. I could use Allo because I like the bot and you could use WhatsApp because you like the stickers, for example, but it wouldn't matter that we aren't using the same app--which would be awesome and would drive competition better. Borgman But Allo won't get RCS, correct? Won't that remain an IM (unfortunately?). Or by some miracle (thanks to RCS) I'd be able to use Allo and message someone on imessage? Or are IM a whole nother story for a later date? (I just wish I could use X app and send messages, full resolution photos, HD video, read receipt, typing notify, to someone on Y app). Marcellus1 I don't know specifically what apps will get RCS and what ones won't. Hopefully all messaging apps will support it at some point. I suspect if there are any holdouts, iMessage would be the main one just because Apple likes to be intentionally incompatible. The goal of RCS, though, is to have exactly what you said is your wish. Borgman Man I sure hope that happens!!! Latheryin Will never take off as the standard. Not for a least 10 years. Joshua Canada already has had RCS for many months. We only have a few carriers, so it can easily be standard in Canada. Latheryin Everywhere has it. It is just a matter of who will be using it and what version they will use. It will end up like Android pay.. It to mention that is a but too much privacy that many people just will not freely Give up. Mainly not with the anti Google movement going on right now. Marty For some reason the headline of this article made me remember what I used to think about Google several years ago. I was of the opinion that the mentality at Google was of forging a future of making everything free...at least free in the phone and service market to start. Back then my impression of Google was that it was lead by activistic, hippy-culture young people who wanted everything in life to be free. I felt Google would try to lead society to forge such a mindset that "profit" was evil and that humanity being free from wants and needs was the future they wanted. Viktor Ivanov Good thing they aren't, I'd be really worried if they were. Marty Maybe they were to a certain extent but couldn't manage to bring their ideals to fruition. The people running the show right now seem to be money-driven. Syukri Lajin Google trying to make the carriers move to a more centralized system. Good thing they showed good example by not making another messaging app just for RCS. :D freshprince_87 I hope the other 3 US carriers (T-Mobile, Verizon, and AT&T) adopts Google's RCS messaging network so that RCS finally replaces SMS/MMS forever . SMS/MMS needs to freaking die already! When that happens, there won't be a need for iMessage and it's blue bubbles anymore 😒. Because every phone except for iPhones (unless Apples updates it's messages app in iOS 11)will have the Google's version of iMessage messaging service, RCS, in the United States. Borgman I don't know how many bozo iphone friends I have who say "the picture you just send is hazy" or "why does Android not send HD pics or videos". Drives me crazy! Just want a simple way to send those things to my friends! Warren Skipper No matter if the rest of the world uses RCS, Apple will never adopt it simply because it involves connecting to Google. Add on top of the fact that Google will likely have access to all messages that come through and you have a perfect recipe for Apple to publicly stand against it on the basis of privacy. Jayson Stephenson Not sure what you mean by "Connecting to Google", if Apple were to ever adopt RCS they would just have to utilize the exact same API's that every other OEM (Windows Phones, Android, etc...) uses. The only thing Google is doing is promoting the standard and trying to push adoption. Warren Skipper From everything I've read, there are some parts of the universal profile that seem to be Google-specific. In this article by Mobilesyrup, the carrier network Rogers stated “It’s a Google managed service”: http://mobilesyrup.com/2017/05/11/rcs-messaging-sms-canada-explainer/ I could be wrong though.Even if so, Apple wouldn't adopt it on the basis of privacy. Jayson Stephenson What he was mentioning in that paragraph that you quoted was the Google Jibe platform which those carriers have agreed to utilize to have Google host the server infrastructure for them. Look at the previous paragraph... "One point Sarhangi is quick to reiterate multiple times throughout our interview is that RCS “is not a Google service.”" RCS is NOT a Google exclusive service. Any Carrier, or OS, or Hardware manufacturer can utilize RCS 100% without any involvement of Google whatsoever. mrjayviper Did that mean SMS communications will be data mined by Google as well? I believe they can't do that right now? h4rr4r Why not? They can read anything the device sends. If you own the kernel you own it all. mrjayviper Google can't read my SMS right now success they are not part of the process Ryan yes, they can. as he said they can technically read anything that exits your phone, if they choose to do so. This is how the current sms backup function works. Also if you use android messages they are already in the process mrjayviper i don't backup my SMS h4rr4r Google made the software that displays the text. If you use an Android phone. eddiepearson Honestly, don't care about this unless this means TMO will implement this tomorrow. All of this is null if TMO continues to not give a crap. You can get those free poop goodies every Tuesday though. bekifft The Venn diagram of people on Sprint with friends in Canada (and vice versa) are going to be very excited about this! JD So what Google is saying is RCS will be an unreliable POS that will be in Beta forever. thecoolkid So now Google will be reading our texts too...? kamiller42 Control the hub? Control the world! Nice one, stop shop for intelligence agencies. Will hub participants be given access to all traffic on the hub? I'm sure Google will. "Better to mine you with my pretty!" MeCampbell30 I'm sure the carriers have no intention of letting google profit at their expense. kamiller42 The answer? Enticement. Offer the carriers the access to the products of the data mining. "We all benefit." Abhishek Saral RCS is just for SMS or are there any other benefits? senoredusty Separate ideas. Your question doesn't really make sense. Think of RCS ad the evolution of SMS Abhishek Saral Try to understand the context. It's just for sending messages or something else. senoredusty Yes. It's like fancy SMS. Read receipts, higher quality media, typing indicators, etc. Abhishek Saral People in US should start using WhatsApp already. Instead of making things tough for everyone. senoredusty Everyone in the US uses SMS already. If, over the course of time, people are naturally transitioned from SMS to RCS, that's a lot smaller a barrier than trying to convince each and every person to install yet another app. Sprint is going in the right direction with this, having Android Messages installed by default on all new Android devices. Also IMO WhatsApp is ugly. I don't want to use it, so I'm not about to try to convince everyone else they should. I'd much rather see Textra gain RCS functionality. Duder12 Fixed for you. *iPhone users in US should stop using iMessage already. Instead of making things tough for everyone.* ThePublisher So Google will be able to read all texts... awesome... Erstam Why don't they have Google voice setup with this already? James Where does it say Jibe will provide the hub connection to carriers for free? davidtb I could see how Google (a non-carrier) would want a piece of every RCS message (via their servers) who's at the center of the hub? RCS is pretty, but not a necessity, needa I wonder if Google is going to let everyone in the hub get the data. Yuri Vidal Can someone please explain me why use RCS (Or even SMS) would be better than simply using internet IP messaging systems? (WhatsApp, Telegram, Hangout, and so many others...) Paul Hansen A universal platform for all mobile devices. Not just the ones with a particular app installed. 2 Men-E I just want this to come to Project Fi Sonic Sunglasses I'm sure AT$T is busy working out its strategic plan to be dead last in implementing this technology. KChristainsen So basically we're still far off from RCS becoming a reality, unreal Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? 10,000-19,999 (19%, 2,369 Votes) 5,000-9,999 (17%, 2,117 Votes) 20,000-39,999 (16%, 1,964 Votes) More than 40,000. (14%, 1,752 Votes) 2,500-4,999 (12%, 1,496 Votes) 1,000-2,499 (10%, 1,217 Votes) 100-999 (7%, 895 Votes) Under 100 (6%, 816 Votes) Total Voters: 12,626  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Popular television progress tracker TV Show Favs is testing a new material design layout 2017/06/07 11:11am PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 106 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 118 queries | 0.738s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 52 mins S&P 500 2,433.18 +0.04 (+0.00%) Dow 30 21,194.58 +20.89 (+0.10%) Nasdaq 6,295.80 -1.58 (-0.03%) Warren Buffett's modest office inspired Google's change to Alphabet, says chairman Eric Schmidt John Shinal CNBC June 7, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share David Paul Morris | Bloomberg | Getty Images. Alphabet's Eric Schmidt says inspiration for Google restructuring, which will lead to "revolutionary" innovation, was Warren Buffett's modest officesMore Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) executive chairman Eric Schmidt told shareholders Wednesday that the company's 2015 restructuring out of its Google roots into a holding company was inspired by a visit long ago with billionaire investor Warren Buffett. Schmidt also predicted that the updated structure will allow the company to "bring revolutionary benefits to billions of people." Schmidt and Google co-founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page were impressed by the success of Buffett, CEO and chair of Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK.A), especially given the modesty of its headquarters. "The scale of the success of his model" impressed the three Googlers, especially given that Berkshire Hathaway's executive offices were "on just one floor, the 14th floor of a building in Omaha," Schmidt said during the company's annual meeting in Mountain View, CA. The trio decided they should mimic Buffett's principles, including "the independence of the CEO" and "a strong brand" for the parent company. Schmidt also noted that Alphabet's current executive offices take up only half a floor, making them even leaner than Berkshire Hathaway's. While many have likened Alphabet's structure to that of Berkshire Hathaway, Schmidt's comments drew a direct line between the Oracle of Omaha, the world's third-richest person, and what he called "the genesis of Alphabet" nearly two years ago. The new structure separated Google's core business -- selling digital advertising -- from its more experimental long-term businesses like investing (GV), internet access (Access), home automation (Nest) and health technology (Verily and Calico), which it calls Other Bets. The change was needed to help speed the company's ability to innovate in new markets, Schmidt said, quoting from a letter by Brin and Page arguing that true innovation was 'revolutionary, not evolutionary.' According to Schmidt, Alphabet's mission goes beyond Google's original goal of organizing all the world's information. "With this structure, with this innovation, we can bring revolutionary benefits to billions of people globally," said Schmidt, who served as Google's CEO from 2001 to 2011. Later, Schmidt also drew a small laugh when he conceded just how complex some new Google technologies are, including machine learning and artificial intelligence. They are "hard for me to understand, and I have a Ph.D." in computer science from the University of California, Berkeley, Schmidt admitted. Earlier, shareholder proposals urging Alphabet to generate annual reports on a series of corporate issues, including equal gender pay, philanthropic giving and political lobbying, were voted down. Page and Brin control the vast majority of shareholder voting power thanks to a multi-class share structure Google implemented when it went public in 2004 and revised a decade later. Alphabet is now the second-most valuable company in the world, with a market cap of $682 billion. Wall Street analysts expect its sales to rise 19 percent this year to $108 billion. Related: More From CNBC Facebook is planning to move WhatsApp off IBM's public cloud, source says 'Restructuring of the leadership' coming at Uber, board member Huffington says A growing number of Silicon Valley bigwigs are fasting for days to lose weight Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Coal Jobs Aren’t Coming Back, No Matter What the Trump Administration Says Newsweek Huawei is exploring bringing its own voice assistant to its Wi-Fi routers to rival Google, Amazon CNBC.com WSJ's Google hiccup holds lessons for publishers Business Insider Amazon executive says he's open to Siri on Amazon Echo CNBC After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider This is why intel leaders wouldn't talk to the Senate today CNBC What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Comey speaks — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance 'Psychologically scarred' millennials are killing dozens of industries — and it's their parents' fault Business Insider Wall St. opens little changed; Comey awaited Reuters Social media explodes over Comey testimony stormhawk31: Seriously, how many times, and by how many knowledgeable people, both Republican and Democrat, do you idiots have to be told "There is absolutely no evidence of ANY 'collusion'", before you get it? Trump isn't even under investigation, and NEVER has been. I mean, do you idiots even understand English? Apparently not. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 184
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Amazon.com Isn't Giving Up on Phones Yet The e-commerce giant might just redeem itself with a different strategy. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jun 7, 2017 at 9:25PM It's now been nearly two years since Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) discontinued its misguided Fire Phone, which was a complete flop for a plethora of reasons including the gimmicky Dynamic Perspective and Amazon's supreme tardiness to the smartphone market (which was in part caused by the time necessary to develop Dynamic Perspective), among others. With as poorly as the Fire Phone fared, you'd think that the e-commerce giant would throw in the towel. Nope. Image source: Getty Images. Fire and Ice NDTV's Gadget 360 reported earlier this week that Amazon is working on a successor to Fire Phone, which is internally code-named the "Ice" Phone. This may not be the official branding, if this device ever sees the light of day. The good news is that Amazon is reportedly taking a completely different strategic approach to the device. Fire Phone was positioned as a premium device, which was a distinct departure from the company's characteristic approach of aggressively undercutting on price when competing (like the popular Kindle Fire tablets). The premium smartphone space in developed countries was already quite mature in 2014 and 2015, dominated by Apple and Samsung. That positioning directly undermined one of Jeff Bezos' favorite mantras: Amazon doesn't try to make money when customers buy its devices, but rather when customers use its devices. Instead, Ice is expected to target emerging markets such as India, which recently overtook the U.S. to become the second-largest smartphone market by unit volumes. The average selling price (ASP) of a smartphone in India is under $150, which represents roughly 8% of GDP per capita in the country, according to Mary Meeker's Internet Trends 2017. Amazon may have learned another lesson with Fire Phone's failure, though. The Ice Phone will reportedly support the broader Android ecosystem and Alphabet subsidiary Google's Google Mobile Services, which notably includes the official Google Play store. The original Fire Phone did not support Google Play, but instead relied on Amazon's Appstore, which was a small subset of the broader Android ecosystem. (Fire tablets still do not officially support Google Play and only use the Amazon Appstore.) What might be inside In terms of specs, the Ice Phone will feature a display size that's somewhere between 5.2 inches and 5.5 inches, a 13-megapixel primary rear camera, 2 GB of memory, and 16 GB of storage. It will run the latest version of Android, and interestingly it might include Google Assistant but not Alexa, according to the report. Amazon could still decide to include Alexa, as Alexa has made its way into most of Amazon's hardware offerings, including other mobile devices. A low-end Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 may power the device, and it should include a fingerprint scanner as well. The expected starting price is 6,000 rupees (approximately $93), but pricing could easily change. This is what Amazon should have done all along Targeting emerging markets is what Amazon should have done initially with its phone strategy. It was pretty clear even in 2014 that it wasn't really worth trying to compete in the high end, and selling lower-cost devices will help Amazon grow its user base and introduce more consumers to Amazon's core e-commerce business. Amazon is betting big on India right now, and has now invested $5 billion in infrastructure. Maybe the Ice Phone can redeem Amazon. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of AAPL. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends GOOG, GOOGL, Amazon, QCOM, and AAPL. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jun 7, 2017 at 9:25PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $1,007.53 down $-2.54 (-0.25%) Read More Will Apple's Second Bet on High-Fidelity Audio Pay Off? Apple Can't Be Happy About Amazon's New Toys 4 Things Amazon.com, Inc. Management Wants Investors to Know When Will Amazon Split Its Stock Again? Better Buy: Amazon.com, Inc. vs. Netflix, Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Amazon.com Isn't Giving Up on Phones Yet @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN
Skip to site map Hello Sign Out My Profile Update Details My Subscription My Events Admin Site Login Sign Up Subscribe Today's Paper 23° Ipswich Ipswich Gatton Lowood Loganlea News NEWS Local News Just In Letters to the Editor Opinion Queensland National World Off Beat Business Sport SPORT Local Sport National Sport Features Opinion NRL AFL Soccer Cricket Netball Golf Horse Racing Lifestyle LIFESTYLE Hey Mumma Outdoor Living Easy Eating Home & Style Gardening Travel Entertainment Fashion Smarter Shopping Health Parenting Dating Horoscopes Community COMMUNITY Community News Your Story NDIS Weddings Pets Photos Buy Photos Videos Local History Traffic Cameras Ipswich Council Chamber of Commerce What's on WHAT'S ON Events Competitions Guides Tourism Post Your Event Jobs JOBS Jobs News Training & Education Local Job Listings Post your Job Ad Motoring MOTORING Motoring News Road Test Future Models Local Motoring Listings Post your Motoring Ad Real Estate REAL ESTATE Real Estate News Local Real Estate Listings Property Guide Post your Real Estate Ad Classifieds FINDA Classifieds Real Estate Motoring Jobs Buy & Sell Notices Trades & Services Health & Beauty Personals Businesses for Sale Get a Tradie Post an Ad Find Your Local Search by keyword Search by location Search by category Add your business Special Features QT Magazine Resource Directory Stud Cattle Directory Step in the Right Direction QT Business Directory APN Network Menu Home Just In News Sport Lifestyle Community What's On Jobs Motoring Real Estate Obituaries Classifieds All News Google Maps renames Margaret Court Arena after controversy 8th Jun 2017 12:06 PM 0 6 Comments Use this content Related Items Blind faith in religion telling us to ignore same-sex facts John McEnroe wants mass gay wedding at Margaret Court Arena Openly gay AFL player says to ease up on Margaret Court Local Real Estate Subscribe Now GOOGLE Maps has quietly changed the name of Margaret Court Arena in Melbourne following the tennis star's controversial comments about gay people. The mapping service has renamed the stadium "Evonne Goolagong Arena", after another Australian great, as suggested by Martina Navratilova. The American player, who is gay herself, lashed out at the 74-year-old church pastor's "sick and dangerous" comments on gay people in tennis and transgender children. If you search for Richmond, Victoria in Google Maps the arena comes up as Evonne Goolagong Arena. But it still shows as Margaret Court Arena if you search for the original name. The arena was originally called Show Court One when it opened in 1988, but was renamed after Court in 2003 as a tribute to Australia's most successful female tennis player. Court's statements have been widely criticised and prompted calls to rename the arena used in the Australian Open, or even boycott the venue at next year's Grand Slam. Margaret Court says the interview on The Project was “below the belt”. Picture: Ross Swanborough Court initially drew fire for saying she would avoid Australian airline Qantas for its support of same-sex marriage. She later claimed tennis was "full of lesbians". She remained defiant after the criticism, saying renaming the stadium would be unfair and that she was being targeted by an American gay "lobby". Court said Navratilova "needs to sort out her own nation, not our nation". Tennis Australia and the operator of the Margaret Court Arena, Melbourne and Olympic Parks, have distanced themselves from Court's views on gay marriage. Evonne Goolagong Cawley, a seven-time Grand Slam champion, was the first Aboriginal player to represent her country in world tennis and only the second mother to win Wimbledon, in 1980. News.com.au has contacted Google for comment. google maps Read More Login to follow homophobia Read More Login to follow margaret court Read More Login to follow same-sex Read More Login to follow tennis Read More Login to follow Topics:  google maps homophobia margaret court same-sex tennis 0 6 Comments Just In Deaf woman says Ipswich police discriminated against her Coca-Cola No Sugar: Two million samples to be given away Parenting is not a competition, so stop trying to win Toddler allegedly murdered by parents was 'unwanted' Mackay police officer 'critical' after being struck by car ANTI-VAX: The town with the worst vaccination rates Top Stories Trauma will not end for choir leader's child rape victims "He took advantage when (the girls) were alone or he created situations so as to isolate them ... solely for the purpose of his own sexual gratification." News Deaf woman says Ipswich police discriminated against her Your guide to a great night out in Ipswich The latest from city's live music scene Pauline Hanson gags ex-staffer over leaked tapes Pauline Hanson and One Nation want to stop damaging leaks. Brightening the lives of ASD families New Autism Spectrum Disorder review website now live Local Partners Community Your Story Local History More Community What's On New school opens in Ipswich Milestone the first of many Generous gift will get Alzheimer's sufferers out into community New wheels for respite Mum relives moment her family came close to death 'I was hysterical': Ipswich dad burned in house fire Trio brings up happy half-ton 'Children were being pushed over razor wire by parents' League legends doing great work off the field The massive changes to toilets at the Ipswich Cup EVENT organisers are tackling problems head-on after complaints Big-name headliner boosts local acts at Coast festival Big names and local faces at Mooloolaba music festival A 10m sculpture of Kanye West's sad face will head Splendour "What can you put inside Sad Kanye to make him happy?" Entertainment CELEBRITY TV MOVIES MUSIC MOVIE REVIEW: Claflin and Weisz play cat and mouse in intriguing My Cousin Rachel REVIEW: Nothing is what it seems in a cleverly structured costume drama mystery from the director of romantic comedy Notting Hill. Andrew Bolt punch-on: New footage shows him swinging Two protesters set upon Bolt, spraying him with liquid Medic's music makes waves in the region Sean Gagen on his new material and raising money for a good cause Aussie legends The Angels join huge line-up of rockers No "going through the motions” for this legendary rock outfit Prince Harry shoots down prank gone wrong "Hey Harry! Harry! The floor is lava ... he doesn’t get the joke!” Here Come the Habibs star to keep pushing boundaries CAST not going to shy away from the taboo in controversial show Song writing mum to be mentored by Katie Noonan 'Won the lotto': the extraordinary opportunity for Gladstone mum Real Estate Buy Rent More Real Estate Listing More Real Estate News 99 Twin Lakes Road, Coominya 4311 House 2 1 4 $239,000 FINALISATION OF DECEASED ESTATE Don't Miss Out An exciting opportunity exists to indulge yourself in an affordable and relaxing “tree change” on a super... 19 Saba Court, Middle Ridge 4350 House 4 2 2 Auction 23/6/2017... Positioned on one of Toowoomba's most sought after streets in Middle Ridge. 19 Saba Court presents a sophisticated and contemporary design. This luxury family... 9 Pemberton Street, Booval 4304 House 4 2 2 $449,000 BRAND NEW & EXPERTLY BUILT BY AWARD WINNING LOCAL BUILDER LATEST IN STYLE & BUILT TO HIGH QUALITY CONSTRUCTION SPECIFICATIONS WALKING DISTANCE TO BOOVAL RAIL... 43/1380 Warrego Highway, Brassall 4305 House 2 1 3 $129,000 You will be pleasantly surprised when you enter this Village!! Great maintained yards and gardens, awesome on site managers, community hall, resort pool and a... 54 Glencoe Place, Thagoona 4306 House 5 2 2 Auction Forget anything you may have seen in the past with this property, the time has now come where the Owner needs this one SOLD. No if's, no but's, do not do anything... 18 Beaufortia Street, Deebing Heights 4306 House 3 2 2 459,000 This designer inspired property has recently been completed by Bold Homes and now proudly offered for sale. Fully appointed with all the extras you would expect... 107 Fielding Road, Fernvale 4306 House 4 2 3 $475,000 Have a pony of two? Need 5 acres of space? What about a house and some sheds? We have it all for you just on the outskirts of Fernvale - only a short 5 minute... 31A Nolan Street, Raceview 4305 House 4 2 2 $399,000 Be prepared to be impressed! This home is brand new and built to an extremely high standard that a lucky new owner will be very proud of. This property will suit... 62 Diamantina Circle, Karalee 4306 House 5 2 4 OFFERS OVER... Nestled in a delightfully serene pocket of the Brisbane river, is 62 Diamantina Circle Karalee; a modern oasis that is utterly ready for you to move in right now. ... 62 Diamantina Circle, Karalee 4306 House 5 2 4 OFFERS OVER... Nestled in a delightfully serene pocket of the Brisbane river, is 62 Diamantina Circle Karalee; a modern oasis that is utterly ready for you to move in right now. ... Open for inspection homes June 7-14 Check out this weekend's homes open for inspection Vacant office/industrial warehouse in central Maroochydore Smart industrial unit near new Maroochydore CBD going to auction 1400 jobs, $900m, 5-star luxury: 'Why Coast needs this' Business leaders call on council to approve Yaroomba Beach project Service moves into new site Facility to support its social and community services Developer assures panicked buyers: land will be ready Nervous buyers assured land release on schedule Ready to SELL your property? Post Your Ad Here! © The Queensland Times Pty Limited 2017. Unauthorised reproduction is prohibited under the laws of Australia and by international treaty. News Corp Australia Group Websites Need Help? Refer to our helpful FAQ section for any problems you might be experiencing. Queensland Times Ipswich News National News World News Sport Lifestyle Travel Shopping Business Real Estate Home Loans Horoscopes Ipswich Weather Newspapers in Education What's On Entertainment Events Place an event Competitions Ipswich Classifieds Jobs in Ipswich Cars for Sale in Ipswich Property listings in Ipswich Bargains for Sale in Ipswich Obituaries in Ipswich Personals in Ipswich Notices in Ipswich Property for Rent Houses for Sale Classifieds Garage Sale Recruitment Ipswich Trades and Services Air Conditioning Builders Carpet Cleaners Concreters Electricians Gardeners Handyman Painters Plumbers All Services About Queensland Times Audience Panel About Us Contact Us Our Team Use our Content Home Delivery ePaper Photo Sales Letters to the Editor Competition Terms APN News & Media Digital Advertising ARM Digital Marketing Solutions Group Sites Privacy Policy Terms of Use × Login
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Meet House Of Marley's Shiny New Eco-Friendly Bluetooth Headphones Augmented Reality Surgery Just Happened, For Real It's Official: Y'all Love GIFs Mobile Apple Rolls Out New Feature That Permanently Associates Devices With Apps, Even After Deletion This App Means You'll Never Have An Unknown (Business) Caller Again The Best iOS 11 Features You Probably Haven't Heard Of Yet Apple Just Made Its Top Secret iPhone Screen Repair Machine A Little Less Secret Car Tech Your Car's Tyres Could Soon Know When Roads Are Wet And Slippery Before You Do A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Australian Scientists Just Made Hydrogen Fuel Cheaper Massive Leak Of 10 Million US VIN Numbers Could Help Crooks Make Stolen Cars Look Legit Online Russian Hackers Testing Malware With Britney Spears's Instagram  Uber's CEO Searches For Enlightenment In Company Lactation Room Uber Exec Dismissed After Sharing Rape Victim's Medical Records Couple Claims They Ordered Pizza On UberEats But Received Mouldy Sandwiches Science & Health Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant So Did T. Rex Have Feathers Or Not? Scientists Weigh A Star Using Gravity, Proving Einstein Wrong By Proving Him Right Why The US Air Force Is Teaming Up With SpaceX Cameras A Gigantic 1.8 Metre Water Balloon Will Instantly Drown Your Victim British Cops Make First Arrest Using Facial Recognition Surveillance Vans Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Computing Six Things Apple's Trying To Kill This Year  Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Would You Feel Safer If Your Self-Driving Car Could Explain Itself? If We Want Robots To Be Good, We May Need To Destroy Their Self-Confidence Gaming Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons The Trailer For Big Trouble In Little China: The Game Has Us Even More Excited To Start Playing It The Mind Behind Adventure Time Helped Craft Dungeons & Dragons' Newest Story 4D Toys Are The Best Toys Entertainment Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  Offred Goes Mission: Impossible As The Handmaid's Tale Sets The Stage For A Revolution Wonder Woman's Most Fantastic Scene Nearly Didn't Get Made At All Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off So, Who Won Our Logan Competition? Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Six Things Apple's Trying To Kill This Year  Adam Clark Estes Jun 8, 2017, 12:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  apple wwdc 2017 Share As is tradition, Apple opened up this year's WWDC with a broad proclamation: Let's kill some competitors. We go through this every damn year. The idea is simple. Apple makes some updates to its various software platforms as well as its hardware offerings, and by the sheer strength of being the world's richest tech company, it crushes several smaller companies who do the same thing. The strategy fits right into the "great artists steal" ethos espoused by Apple co-founder Steve Jobs. It also means that the Cupertino powerhouse can offer new services to its customers without the annoying effort of having to come up with the ideas first. WWDC 2017 is no different. Here's a quick roundup of everything Apple's trying to kill this year. Every other browser After Google Chrome came along and stole web browser dominance from Microsoft and others, Apple is in an endless game of catch-up to keep internet users in its ecosystem. The updates coming in the latest version of macOS might actually score Apple some points, though. Not only will Safari start hiding annoying ads that follow you around the web through its new Intelligent Tracking Prevention feature, the browser will also find and silence annoying autoplay videos on websites. Venmo and Square Cash In a classic why-didn't-they-do-this-sooner move, Apple finally added peer-to-peer payments to Apple Pay. Soon, in iOS 11, you'll be able to tell a friend they owe you money via text, and iMessage will give them the option to pay with Apple Pay Cash. It works just like Apple Pay, but instead of paying a store, you can pay your friends. Venmo, Square Cash, and basically every other peer-to-peer payments service should be very scared. Microsoft Surface Pro The iPad has been boring for years, but Apple clearly wants to change that (read: Sell more iPads) in the months to come. A new 10.5-inch iPad Pro coupled with a new set of iPad-specific multitasking features in iOS 11 will make your iPad seem less like a tablet and more like a full-featured portable computer. In theory anyway. You know who else has been trying to sell a device like this for, you know, years? Microsoft. As the new iPad shifts towards an experience that feels more like a MacBook, the novelty of an ultra versatile Surface Pro might be lost. Google Tango For years and years, Google has tried to do something remarkable in the augmented reality space with Project Tango, and it looks like Apple is about to leapfrog it. ARKit is a new SDK in iOS 11 that lets developers easily build augmented reality features into their apps. The results shown off by an Apple partner looked like an incredible blending of the real world and an animated video game fantasy. The best part is the new software works with Apple's existing hardware. It's so simple that it makes Project Tango seem like a joke. Amazon Echo and Google Home Apple's smart speaker is almost here, and it looks awesome. The lamely named HomePod works just like an Amazon Echo or a Google Home, except it does everything with the help of Siri and some jacked up hardware, including an A8 processor, six microphones and HomeKit compatibility. Based on the preview offered at the WWDC keynote, HomePod will become Apple's new AI-powered, voice-controlled home hub, and even if the device doesn't offer as many features as its competitors, Apple fans will probably want it. Sonos Apple's HomePod actually goes after two categories with one product. While Amazon and Google emphasised home automation with their smart speakers, Apple is doubling down on audio with HomePod. Seven tweeters, six microphones, virtual surround sound, and a whole bunch of other buzz phrases promise that HomePod will sound as terrific as any wireless audio system, namely Sonos, the market leader. Since the gadget won't start shipping until December, we don't yet know how great it sounds. But again, Apple fans will surely make this a holiday essential, regardless of how well it works. After all, it's Apple. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments bonehead @bonehead Jun 8, 2017, 12:43pm What about snapchat? Apple's screen record functionality should put a dent in their number 1 feature... Reply 0 M0F0 @m0f0 Jun 8, 2017, 1:07pm How are apps built with ARKit any different to existing AR apps? They're just making the code native to Swift. You're still limited by a single small camera and gyroscope, so new apps are going to be just as janky as Pokemon Go is. All the demo's so far have been in controlled environments (I.e. The user is stationary). Typical Apple marketing hype. Tango runs multiple cameras and sensors to let you move around a live mapped area. The first gen model was your average Google beta product, but the new generation standalone Daydream headsets with inside-out tracking are going to dominate the VR/AR market once they finally arrive because they're relatively cheap and aren't tied to a limited market. Reply 1 JKR Guest Jun 8, 2017, 1:22pm Don't know if they'll be doing too much sonos killing if you can only use apple music. Reply 2 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years Campbell Simpson 07 Jun 2017 9:00 AM Overnight, Foxtel gave its streaming video service a new name. The prices are the same, and for now there are no new gadgets or hardware to tempt you with. But this is just the first step in a huge transformation in the way Foxtel works and how it sits in Australia's media landscape. Foxtel Now is, at its core, a re-branding of the company's existing products, but it's also so much more -- it's the first sign we've seen of a serious commitment to the way Australia watches its TV shows and movies in 2017 and beyond. Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) Campbell Simpson 06 Jun 2017 1:00 PM Logan is coming out on 4K Blu-ray and digital download this week, and to celebrate, we've got one of our most unconventional giveaways yet. Get creative and you'll be in with a chance to win the distinctive sunglasses that Laura, or X-23, wears in the movie! Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Trending Articles 1 Foxtel Now Is The Shake-Up That Foxtel Has Needed For Years 2 Win! X-23's Sunglasses From 'Logan' (And Other Cool Stuff) 3 So Did T. Rex Have Feathers Or Not? Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons Universal Studios Japan Gets A Super Mario Bros. Stage The New Darth Vader Comic Gives Us A Much Better Version Of Revenge Of The Sith's Infamous 'Noooo!' A Look Inside The New Sci-Fi Comic Mark Wahlberg Wants To Turn Into A Movie Franchise  Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' The line for the Comey hearing is blocks long A Marine veteran reveals 2 things he learned in the military that he still does today There are 2 forms of popularity -- and most of us chase the wrong one This startup is picking up Google's slack in search, and it just got another $53 million to keep growing © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 48 Share on Facebook 29 Share on Twitter Total Shares105 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Videos Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Calling through Google Home 1.2 Manual control over which Assistant answers 1.3 Independence Day [US-Only] 1.4 Notification access for easier access to contacts and messages 2 Download There's another version of the Google app floating around in the wild, and as we've probably become accustomed, it doesn't appear to make any notable changes upon installation. However, there are some interesting elements floating around in the apk. In this update, we can see the first signs of support for making calls with Google Home and a new action that allows users to manually reroute voice commands to the device in their hand. There's also a new feature that looks at your notifications in an effort to give easier access and suggests about your contacts and messages. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Calling through Google Home Google announced this one at I/O, so it's far from a surprise that things are starting to show up in the Google app. Think of this section as a status update. In case you missed it, the announcement at I/O declared that it will soon be possible to use Google Home a bit like a speakerphone. More specifically, you'll be able to start and carry through a call on Google Home. There were still a lot of unanswered questions, but a few of those might be cleared up with this teardown. To begin with, some people have predicted that the call still occurs through the caller's phone, but the audio is traveling over Bluetooth or Wi-Fi, while others have suggested a phone number will be linked to Google Home and calls will be made through the Google Voice infrastructure. It appears that the latter of the two is the winner. Some of the new strings show that users will link their phone service to Google Home for outgoing calls. Another common question is whether or not people will be able to answer incoming calls through Google Home. At the moment, only outgoing calls are mentioned in the strings, which hints that incoming calls might not be supported. On the other hand, this implementation doesn't look finished, and support could be added in the future, so this is far from conclusive. code <string name="assistant_settings_active_phone_service_category_title">Linked phone services</string> <string name="assistant_phone_preference">assistantPhone</string> <string name="assistant_settings_more_phone_servicer_category_title">Other phone services</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_title">Phone</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_default_snackbar_text">%1$s is your default phone service.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_link_dialog_text">Link your Google Account to %1$s to make calls on Google Home through Google Assistant.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_no_preference_title">Anonymous</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_no_preference_summary">You will appear as unlisted to others</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_service_category_title">The Assistant will use the phone service provided below for outgoing calls on Google Home. E911 is not available.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_unable_unlink_default">Cannot unlink your default phone service.</string> Manual control over which Assistant answers Staying with the topic of Google Home, but going wider to all devices that run Assistant, it looks like Google is still working working out the best way to handle multiple always-listening devices. A new line of text has been added that will be used to give direction to the Assistant that the device in your hand is the one that should be responding. <string name="opa_mult_devices_answer_on_phone">Answer Here</string> There are no clear signs about how this line will be used, but it looks like it will be a button on the toast message. That is to say you'll probably have a brief span of a second or two after a command is claimed by another device when you'll be able to insist it should be handled on your phone. Obviously, we all want voice commands to be handled by the perfect device each time, but since that would take some bewilderingly perfect artificial intelligence and perfect knowledge of context, that's pretty unrealistic. Most of us expect commands to at least route to the device that can handle them, not to be sucked into the black hole that is a Google Home when certain commands only work on a phone. I welcome the option to manually tell Assistant to answer on my phone. It may be a hacky workaround, but at least it gives us an out that doesn't require whispering into a phone mic or walking over to the Home unit to hit a mute button. Independence Day [US-Only] There's actually nothing special to say here – Google just added a new line for activities scheduled for July 4th, which is Independence Day in the United States. <string name="july_4th_activities">July 4th activities</string> I don't have much to read into about a line like this, but I am going to predict those of us in the US will see this in a little less than a month. :p Notification access for easier access to contacts and messages If you were paying much attention to Google I/O, you may have caught that Android O is bringing a quirky new feature called Notification Dots. In short, the Google Launcher will draw a little dot over the corner of app icons when they have pending notifications. It seems Google may have another feature planned that will also begin watching your notifications. Several new lines describe a feature that will "help you find your contacts and messages," but it needs to watch your notifications to do that. code <string name="notification_accessable_apps_category_title">Notification access</string> <string name="notification_access_desc">Google uses notifications you've received on this device to help you find your contacts and messages. This is done solely on this device and these results are only shown to you.</string> <string name="notification_enabled_apps_title">Select the apps you'd like to include:</string> <string name="notification_access_link_text">Turn off notification access</string> <string name="notification_menu_message">To give Google access to your notifications, tap the toggle above next to Google. You can change this access from Settings &gt; In Apps.</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_title">Want to see more contacts?</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_body">To see more relevant contacts and messages, turn on notification access. This means that Google can read notifications from all apps and keep the information private on your phone.</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_dismiss_button_text">NOT NOW</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_learn_more_text">Learn more</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_optin_button_text">GO TO SETTINGS</string> Reading through the new strings is a little disappointing because they only give a (very vague) sales pitch about what the feature is supposed to achieve – helping you to find your contacts and messages – and that it wants permission to do this. However, there isn't even a hint about what users can actually expect to see as an end result. In fact, the most notable thing to take from the wording is that Google is very specific that all data collected for this feature is stored locally on your device and won't be going to the cloud. While privacy is certainly important, and it's not surprise Google wants to be cautious, this means users won't have cross-device syncing or some of the more clever features that rely on server-based processing. Two other small notes can be taken from the text, though they aren't terribly helpful. The first is simply that users can configure which apps will be watched, so it'll be possible to effectively ignore notifications that are misleading to the system or you might not want to have mixing into your results. The second detail is that the option to include or exclude apps from this feature is in Settings –> In Apps, which is currently where apps are enabled for deep search. This might suggest information from notifications will also turn up through the search field, just like deep search does now, but that feels like a bit of a leap in logic. Perhaps there will be more to learn when the next update begins rolling out. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 7.4.15 beta APK Mirror Download QR-Code Google Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app calling contacts download downloads google app google assistant google home Independence Day messages notifications teardown video subscribe ... Previous Story Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude ... Next Story Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging Trending 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments edmann What happen to the data saver for the cards that was supposed to be in the app? Cody Toombs If you don't live in India (or some other country with painfully slow bandwidth and crippling data caps), I'm not sure you'll see it at all. Even if you are in an area where it's going to roll out, I don't think it has been enabled yet. These things take time to implement and test, and things don't always move super quickly. Joshua So a third world Country or Canada. Got it. Oh wait, nothing comes to Canada. Duder12 Google is moving farther and farther in front of Alexa and Siri. Its going to be embarrassing for the competition if the public finally notices. LondonLeedsFan Maybe in the US - UK won't be getting call features as far as I understand. Lars Jeppesen Neither will Europe or other places. Gfame103 Just enable the got dam calling feature already! XerBlade "It may be a hacky workaround, but at least it gives us an out that doesn't require whispering into a phone mic or walking over to the Home unit to hit a mute button." If this is truly what that's about, seriously, as I keep bringing up pretty much every time I see such extremes being brought up as necessities, wouldn't it be easier than any of those incredibly stupid solutions to just hit the button on your phone instead of using the hotword in the first place? tu3218 Bring it on! Good_Ole_Pinocchio I want new Hardware Google. Software is almost fully baked. I shall wait. F4LL0U7 So this stuff is great, but I'm having some experience-breaking issues on my Nexus 5X and G Watch R. 1. Reminders just don't show up as notifications at all, and automatically get dismissed. This makes them completely useless as reminders! 2. I enter *every* appointment in Google Calendar, and some of them have addresses. This should (and used to) make a very handy "time to leave" card and notification show up when I needed it. Currently, the card and notification do show up, but then get automatically dismissed. When they disappear, that event no longer shows up in my agenda in my Google feed. If it weren't for Google Calendar reminders, I'd completely miss my appointments. Both of these issues have plagued me for months, and have not been fixed even if I do a factory reset. Anyone else experiencing this? Any suggestions? Good_Ole_Pinocchio I haven't experienced those issues personally. You may get a lot more responses over at reddit though. surethom All. I want is a graphical equaliser to reduce the ridiculously high base. Good_Ole_Pinocchio What you need is new hardware from Google. obk88 is using the free spotify account available yet? JD That will never happen Spencer Actually... http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/17/google-home-now-supports-spotify-even-free-accounts-plus-soundcloud-deezer/ Grey When will my phone beep when I say Okay Google again? This is the single most head-scratching, bizarre, insane decision Google has ever made. Does anyone else's Okay Google's on their phone beep them anymore? Makes that sound? Mine make it over bluetooth but not in person. I DON'T GET IT. How do I get this feature back?? It's essential. Willie Chalmers III It makes the noise if it's on Bluetooth. I miss the sound, but I suppose Google considered the fact that if you're asking the assistant something on your phone, you can visually see if it's responding, so only tactile response, a vibration, is necessary There's also the possibility that the noise made Google Assistant feel less conversational and more like a robot, which isn't what Google desires. Grey I think the less conversational thing is what they were going for, but there's tons of problems. For one, it isn't always listening. I have spoken to the phone trying to be conversational and it's just not listening anymore. And two, I'm not looking at my phone!!! That's the point of voice commands!! akshay7394 It beeps when you trigger it via 'Ok Google', doesn't beep if triggered through the home button long-press gesture. Total Insecurity On my Google Pixel XL it still beeps like a champ. Sina ina Anyone having problem with ok google detection when screen is off ( while chaging ) with this version ? mine is broken right now Behace When deciding which device to answer from, why can't assistant decide which decides can handle the request then figure out which device recorded the request at the highest decibel? It would be a rather crude way of deciding which device to answer with but it could work, no? Fruity101079 Still no Google Assistant on Nexus devices, while my language is supported... reggjoo What I worry about is breaking what setup I already have. Last few updates broke my voice function (what happened to "from any app button"?) It took almost a month to figure how to get that function back. Eventually, through g+, after trying all the help solutions, that didn't work at all, I figured it out, but I can't remember how now. I don't want to go thru that again. I'm turning off automatic updates, just to protect my setup, even though Google apps always finds a way. I'll shy away from this one, til I hear from various forums about stability problems with setups and older devices. Ryan How about recognizing the Home is handling the request and turning my screen back off? My phone just sits there with the screen on. Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Popular television progress tracker TV Show Favs is testing a new material design layout 2017/06/07 11:11am PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 106 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 125 queries | 0.657s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Bixby speaker rumors spark even as voice remains absent in US JC Torres - Jun 7, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit As expected, Apple has just jumped on the smart speaker arena that Google, Amazon, and, soon, Microsoft already occupy. And as expected, this has started rumors that Apple’s biggest frenemy will also be joining the fray. Samsung is now believed to be aiming for a piece of that pie, with patents pointing to potential smart speaker powered by Bixby no less. There is probably no better time to jump on the smart home speaker train. The recent launch of the Amazon Show and Google’s promise of new features at the I/O conference last month revived interest in the young and niche product. With Apple and Microsoft joining the game, that market is about to get even more exciting, not to mention profitable. With its own fledging smart assistant, it only seems natural that Samsung would want in as well. Especially since it now owns audio experts Harman, who, somewhat ironically, is also making the Cortana-enabled Invoke speaker. However, it takes more than just having a speaker and a smart assistant to make a good smart home speaker, especially when the latter is barely even has full voice support. Bixby’s launch on the Galaxy S8 was nothing short of disappointing, as it arrived missing its most compelling feature: voice control. More than just asking it for information like how Apple’s Siri or Google’s Assistant function, Bixby Voice was supposed to be able to control every aspect of your smartphone just by using verbal commands. Even if you won’t need such a specialized feature in a smart speaker, you’ll definitely still need basic voice controls to make a Bixby speaker even a reality. As it stands, Bixby Voice is still missing in the US, with a late June launch now believed to be the earliest estimate. To be fair, Bixby Voice does already function in Korea. In fact, it recently got an update where Bixby now understands “shortened” instructions like “bank account balance” instead of having to spell it out like “Tell me my bank account balance.” That said, the market for a Bixby speaker in Korea might be significantly smaller than in the US, where such devices are more fashionable. VIA: Korea Herald Tags AndroidBixbyGalaxy S8Samsungsmart homeSpeaker Must Read Bits & Bytes E3 2017 Schedule: Press conferences for Nintendo, Microsoft, and more Apple let me down: 3 things I wanted to see at WWDC 2017 Apple’s HomePod sounds terrific – but the Siri Speaker has a big issue iPad Pro with iOS 11 isn’t enough to compete with the Surface Pro 2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio Review: Nothing exceeds like excess Latest Headlines 5 Things You Need To Know About The 2017 Honda Ridgeline Black Edition Jun 8, 2017 Android versus iOS 11: what Google needs to do Jun 8, 2017 ROLI’s $299 Seaboard Block is a modular squishy-keyed keyboard Jun 8, 2017 iOS 11 features Apple didn’t talk about at WWDC 2017 Jun 8, 2017 Super Nintendo World’s main attraction will be Mario Kart Jun 8, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio Review: Nothing exceeds like excess Jun 6, 2017 Vizio SmartCast M65-D1 Review Jun 5, 2017 HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Site Information About / Advertise / Tip Us / Contact Policies Ethics Statement / Privacy Policy / Terms of Use © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 981.08 4.51 Some Pixel users reporting bug that prevents Google searches on Pixel Launcher Abner Li - Jun. 7th 2017 7:00 pm PT @technacity Apps & Updates Google Search Pixel Launcher View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit With increasing frequency, a number of Pixel and Pixel XL owners are encountering a bug with the Pixel Launcher and its capability to quickly search Google from the shortcut. This issue seems to completely disable the ability to use the Google Search pill to perform any sort of query. Nintendo Switch Those with the issue note that their search history does not load upon pressing the pill to expand it. Additionally, suggestions do not load as users enter a query nor does it actually complete a search after hitting enter. Device reboots appear to completely alleviate the bug for some, though others report that the issue quickly returns. Other users suggest stopping the Pixel Launcher and the Google app to solve the problem. The issue appears to have arisen over the past few days and is picking up in frequency. However, it’s unclear whether the issue correlates to a recent update to the Pixel Launcher that made a slight tweak to the appearance of the Search pill. It’s also possible that the issue is due to a bug in the Google app that handles the search rather than the Pixel Launcher itself. That app was updated to version 7.3 just this Monday. We have yet to encounter this specific bug ourselves on several Pixel and Pixel XL devices running both Android 7.1.2 and the O Preview. If you have the issue, be sure to comment below with the version number of your Pixel Launcher and Google app. Abner Li @technacity Is interested in the minutiae of Google and Alphabet. Tips/talk: abner@9to5g.com Favorite Gear Fitbit Charge 2 Breath of the Wild Joy-Con Guides Google Search View THe Guide Pixel Launcher View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 37 Plus 1 on G+ 159 Share on Facebook 40 Share on Twitter Total Shares236 Carriers Google News Last week Sprint and Rogers announced that users sending messages between the two carriers will be able to make use of RCS. RCS, of course, is the new standard to replace SMS that Google committed to back in 2015. So far each carrier seems to have its own idea for how RCS should work. But Google's recent work in cross-carrier communication is a big step towards ubiquity, and thanks to the tech behind this latest interconnect other carriers can more easily get in on the RCS action. We are deploying a "hub" model, so that carriers can interconnect to the hub once to get access to all other carriers connected to the hub. — Nick Fox (@RealNickFox) June 5, 2017 Google's Nick Fox followed up his announcement on the 1st with an answer to a question posed by our own Artem about how Google's RCS interconnect works. Instead of requiring that carriers individually connect their networks in some capacity to one another to exchange RCS messages, the RCS standards used by Google and the GSMA make use of a hub-style interconnect. Google's hub-based implementation of RCS in the recent cross-carrier announcement isn't a new technology, but it is cool. Back in 2013, the GSM Association published a white paper that detailed how RCS could work — and it's very much worth a read if you are even mildly interested in the future of carrier messaging, RCS, or even just networking. The white paper showed a few different methods for RCS implementation, such as using a direct NNI (Network-Network Interface) decentralized network for each carrier interconnection. Unfortunately, that particular solution results in a quickly rising number of interconnects as the number of carriers increases (n(n - 1) / 2), which means for each additional carrier in the network a larger investment needs to be made by those in it. The white paper also talked about a hub model for RCS, which has clear advantages for carriers. Rather than be burdened with developing their own connections to other carriers, each needs only connect to the one central hub presumably provided by Google. But, this centralized system will likely suffer from the same sort of weaknesses that all centralized systems do. For instance, if the capacity of the hub isn't high enough for the traffic present, then messages might not be delivered as expected, or things could grind to a halt. A central network is also more susceptible to censorship, attacks, or interference. However, it also provides some advantages, such as decreasing the investment of time and resources for carriers joining the standard. 4 node interconnect vs 36 The hub system proposed in the white paper (based on Openmind Networks implementation for SMS/MMS) does have drawbacks, but fewer connections might end up meaning faster deployment. And since Google has already done the work bringing the hub network up for Sprint and Rogers, each additional carrier should only responsible for its connection to that hub, as opposed to managing every link to every other RCS carrier themselves. Perhaps the recent news might help other carriers be persuaded to adopt Google's version of RCS, if for no other reason than cost-cutting. Why manage a ton of different networks for RCS when they can let Google cough up the cash for infrastructure? After all, if there's one thing carriers love, it's money. Tags hub networking interconnect node rcs Rogers Sprint subscribe ... Previous Story Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and ... ... Next Story MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Jayson Stephenson In case anybody is interested. Release 2 of the RCS universal profile which is to contain the needed information for third-party apps (Like Textra) to utilize RCS features will be released very soon. http://i.imgur.com/HLbSwcy.jpg https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14Ns9oV0Dh8_S5M-JHDvJ8sNHR6rpbiq2N6qZlP3g9zQ/edit Ryne Hager The beauty of that document makes me feel bad about my Google Docs skills. Jayson Stephenson Trust me, it wasn't anywhere that great to begin with. I really learned a lot with this doc and the amazing features/flexibility that G-Drive has. Snowsky Mountain Does this mean I can use third-party apps like the SMS Backup & Restore app to backup and restore RCS messages? Jayson Stephenson Yes, but even better. RCS Messages are by default synced to your carriers cloud infrastructure. So if you were to change phones/tablets your messages will be in sync with whatever device you use. Snowsky Mountain Where would I go to turn off/on that syncing of messages? Would it be from a messaging app, like the Android Messages app? Or would it be through my carrier? Also, I wonder what (if any) effect that would have on T-Mobile's DIGITS service, which appears to do something similar for SMS/MMS messages... Jayson Stephenson I'm not 100% yet. But I believe your answer might be on what Google turns its new 'Carrier Services' app into. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.ims&hl=en MJ I have no interest in my carrier storing my messages. No thanks... I hope this can be turned off. Jayson Stephenson I'm sure a lot of people will agree with you. As I mentioned to Snowsky, I believe the option for that will be on whatever Google turns its new 'Carrier Services' app into. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.ims&hl=en Latheryin There goes your privacy. Dmitri Smirnov There was never any to begin with in the SMS world. Latheryin That completely is a matter of the country to live in. Dmitri Smirnov SS7 vulnerabilities prove, that lack of privacy transcends borders :) Also, there is nothing preventing your carrier to store the SMS "for technical reasons" regardless of a country. At any rate, while RCS might be a weird attempt to catch up with the messenger market, it is definitely not worse than the SMS. Latheryin Acutally there is. At least in the states. There are laws that prevent them from being more then a pass through. As for the messaging market. That also depends on the country you live in. Data messengers are bigger in developing countries then they are say in the states. A perfect example is that 3% of the US population even use a messaging app as their primary. SMS or just flat out calling is the preffered. David Ruddock Cool doc, but Verizon and AT&T are both signatories on the RCS Universal Profile. That doesn't compel them to do anything, but it seems unlikely they'd sign if they didn't intend to be compatible with the universal profile at some point, which is what Google Jibe is based on. Jayson Stephenson It doesn't say anywhere they they ever will implement it. In fact I expect they won't for a long time. All it mentions is their RCS is a proprietary format meaning it will work on only their internal networks. Also check out my comment on AT&T. newtonfb ATT showed a demo of it at MWC(I see that you made that comment on the doc, you should include the twitter picture also). I dont see why ATT and Tmobile will not have the UP out by the end of the year. Verizon is a different story as they have not showed or said anything about it. Jayson Stephenson The doc is open source. ;) Latheryin Yes attached showed it but it plans on placing it on top of their SMS setup not as a replacement. wicketr I think what he's saying is that "yes, it's proprietary now, but they planning on having UP with an unconfirmed launch date". The same is true for most of these. T-Mobile's is currently proprietary, but has been rumored to be UP completed by the end of the year. But it's undetermined if it's going to use Google's hub, or implement the RCS UP using Samsung's infratructure across the boards. Jayson Stephenson Yes, sorry for the confusion. I will see if I can design it any better. But so far the only carrier which we know guaranteed is in the process of installing the UP is T-Mobile. Which is mentioned in the doc. Tom Erlandsen Calling it now, I bet Allo gets RCS support fairly soon after this release Joshua Why? Android Messages - which has RCS - is made by Google. They could have implemented RCS into Allo this whole time. Tom Erlandsen Because Google wants Allo to succeed, and the absolute best way they can do that is by having some kind of carrier messaging fallback. They're not going to do SMS fallback, the Allo lead has come out and said that before. But they've never said they won't do RCS fallback. And the fact that Android Messages has RCS support means absolutely nothing. Google is infamous for its A/B tests, so it's hardly a stretch to imagine them having two apps with RCS support. If Allo with RCS fallback proves very popular and successful, I could imagine them discontinuing Android Messages and making Allo with RCS the default messaging app on Android, requiring OEMs to bundle it with their devices. But I only think they'll do that if Allo proves to be a success, as otherwise they'll face massive OEM backlash Joshua They wont discontinue Android Messages because here in Canada where RCS has been out for months, carriers have said in 2018 Android Messages is shipping with all of their devices. Tom Erlandsen Like I said, I don't think they'd discontinue Android Messages unless Allo was poised to take its place (i.e. had a decent userbase). And that would take a while to happen, even with RCS support. So yeah Android Messages will probably stay for a while, until Google has something it feels would make a better replacement, and I think that's what they'll try and build Allo into Jayson Stephenson You have a very similar theory as I do. I think the point of the renaming of Google Messages to "Android Messages" is to give all AOSP devices a baseline messenger app that is not branded with the Google name, and supports whatever standard your carrier utilizes. (SMS/MMS/RCS) Obviously Allo will not be getting full-SMS support at all for obvious reasons....(https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/53uvvu/why_sms_fallback_isnt_the_holy_grail_you_all/) But it might be possible for it to get RCS support and still allowing it to view, send, and receive SMS messages. As SMS messages are connected to your carriers data infrastructure instead of tied to your phone storage. (If you have an RCS compatible carrier) You can have Allo to communicate to any non-Allo contacts while still utilizing its rich features with Allo-Allo communication. Although I'm not sure if such an app/feature is even possible. If it were, we could see a messenger revolution! Abraham No this is how I see it. Android Messages is a very generic simple SMS/RCS platform. No real branding, no real benefit for Google. This makes carriers happy as they are not shoving Google on everyones faces by default. Allo, if it gets RCS support. Will be the Google branded, with Google assistant and many more things. But this will be for the user to decide if they want to use. Not set as default to keep the user and carriers happy. What do you guys think? Joshua More likely. Allo will never replace Android Messages. Android Messages is a very lightweight, clean, and basic app. Allo is full of many (some might call pointless) features most don't want or need. Allo is slow to open compared to Android Messages, which could get annoying if you just want to send a quick SMS/RCS message. .w oh, and google will be in the center of our communication even more! and if someone opts to use basic sms, which doesn't use internet and such one will end up being processed but damn google... how "noble" of them, and they will probably do this also for "free" (i.e. "only" our data will be collected)... 😆😄 Better Google than Amazon, Facebook, or Apple. That's for sure. .w I'm not so sure about that, given google cluster-freck attitude towards messaging apps... None of the above looks great tbh... Nana Adu-Krow Not sure what is so hard to understand about their messaging apps. Each one serves a different purpose. And if you feel like there's apps that lack certain functionality (like web app support or something) you have the option to use something 3rd party. .w ROTFL, I didn't say that it's hard to understand but the purpose of messaging app is, well... messaging. In case of google you have abundance of messaging apps and if they have distinctive functionality it's even worse - there should be single app that handles all the basics and does it well. That's not the case in google messaging ecosystem. Why would I put my feet in that mess? Just to find out that in a couple of months google would introduce yet another messaging app? or in case of operators - say that they were mistaken if not 100% chooses their solution. Bottomline - trusting google services, especially those not well established (like mail, calendar, docs or android ecosystem) is veeeery risky... Cakefish When will RCS come to the UK? NathanDrago My knowledge is that SMS have basically disappeared. I only receive SMS from my bank and my carrier. Everybody is using WhatsApp / Telegram / you name it. What's the purpose of this effort for RCS? Is RCS more capable than WhatsApp / Telegram / you name it? David Ruddock SMS is still widely used in the USA. NathanDrago But don't you suspect that by the time this standard even starts to spread, USA will already have caught up with the rest of the world (that is, abandoning non-data messages)? It seems to me a lot of wasted resources. raddacle Considering how comfortable people are with services like iMessage which discriminates against other OS's, I don't see SMS going anywhere for the US. SMS is as standard as possible for the US right now. The only way to change the standard is by forcing it, hence RCS. .w This highly depends on the country... Peter Obligatory XKCD https://m.xkcd.com/927/ Dat Nguyen Here in Belgium, SMS is still used (well less than before) because when it comes to mobile subscriptions, Belgium is one of the countries that has expensive prices. For example, for 15€ a month, the carrier I use gives you 2,5 hours of calling, unlimited texting and 1,5 Gb of data so it's not like I can enable the data 24/7 And none of the carriers in Belgium doesn't seem to be aware of RCS AbdulB1 keep it on 3g. You will survive within limits Ryne Hager RCS is supposed to be an open replacement for SMS/MMS. But it is really just another competing standard. At least when compared to things like WhatsApp it isn't a private system. Any carrier that wants to can jump on and start using RCS for messaging, while WhatsApp is not so open and requires that you use their app the way they want you to. So TL:DR RCS is just supposed to replace old standards. bekifft Obligatory XKCD: https://xkcd.com/927/ Latheryin Data only messaging services are not really used a lot in the states and many other places. Data rates are just too high where SMS is unlimited free. Kyle Salewski Really hoping that since Google is behind this, and with the recent revamp of Google Voice, that RCS would soon come to GV. Anyone have any insight on the complexity behind that? Or would it be really difficult since Google Voice isn't a traditional "carrier" but more of a middle man. David Ruddock It would make sense as a reason for them bringing it back from the brink of death, if nothing else. bekifft But Google Voice / Hangouts are the core of the Frankenstein monster that is Google Fi. They seem to be trying to kill both brands, so it makes more sense to do this as part of Google Fi. But maybe GV / GFi is just more A / B testing. Willie Chalmers III More like A/B/C/D/E testing for a messaging strategy. Snowsky Mountain Is an Internet connection required to send and receive RCS messages? Jay Yes. h4rr4r So then why bother with it over XMPP? Snowsky Mountain So what would happen if I had a cellular connection but no Internet (no Wi-Fi or data)? Would it fall back to SMS/MMS? Jay Yep, you got it! John Doe VoLTE? Phone service requires Internet now so why not messages? Evan Anderson For instance, if the capacity of the hub isn't high enough for the traffic present, then messages might not be delivered as expected, or things could grind to a halt. This is an extremely unlikely situation. Any large network system, such as this one, will have plenty of redundancy and excess capacity to avoid ever overloading the system. Star network topology is standard these days, so this architecture makes perfect sense. Any other topology is highly inefficient. Snowsky Mountain I wonder what would happen if that were to occur, though. Maybe it would fall back to SMS/MMS? Ryne Hager It's definitely unlikely, I'm more concerned about denial of service implications from a centralized system. Decentralized might be more expensive for the carriers, but it would be more robust. Borgman Say Android Messages gets RCS on all carriers and stuff. What then will be the incentive to use Allo or other IM? Sruly J Well Allo has bots... Marcellus1 It'll be the particular feature set of each offering. I could use Allo because I like the bot and you could use WhatsApp because you like the stickers, for example, but it wouldn't matter that we aren't using the same app--which would be awesome and would drive competition better. Borgman But Allo won't get RCS, correct? Won't that remain an IM (unfortunately?). Or by some miracle (thanks to RCS) I'd be able to use Allo and message someone on imessage? Or are IM a whole nother story for a later date? (I just wish I could use X app and send messages, full resolution photos, HD video, read receipt, typing notify, to someone on Y app). Marcellus1 I don't know specifically what apps will get RCS and what ones won't. Hopefully all messaging apps will support it at some point. I suspect if there are any holdouts, iMessage would be the main one just because Apple likes to be intentionally incompatible. The goal of RCS, though, is to have exactly what you said is your wish. Borgman Man I sure hope that happens!!! Latheryin Will never take off as the standard. Not for a least 10 years. Joshua Canada already has had RCS for many months. We only have a few carriers, so it can easily be standard in Canada. Latheryin Everywhere has it. It is just a matter of who will be using it and what version they will use. It will end up like Android pay.. It to mention that is a but too much privacy that many people just will not freely Give up. Mainly not with the anti Google movement going on right now. Marty For some reason the headline of this article made me remember what I used to think about Google several years ago. I was of the opinion that the mentality at Google was of forging a future of making everything free...at least free in the phone and service market to start. Back then my impression of Google was that it was lead by activistic, hippy-culture young people who wanted everything in life to be free. I felt Google would try to lead society to forge such a mindset that "profit" was evil and that humanity being free from wants and needs was the future they wanted. Viktor Ivanov Good thing they aren't, I'd be really worried if they were. Marty Maybe they were to a certain extent but couldn't manage to bring their ideals to fruition. The people running the show right now seem to be money-driven. Syukri Lajin Google trying to make the carriers move to a more centralized system. Good thing they showed good example by not making another messaging app just for RCS. :D freshprince_87 I hope the other 3 US carriers (T-Mobile, Verizon, and AT&T) adopts Google's RCS messaging network so that RCS finally replaces SMS/MMS forever . SMS/MMS needs to freaking die already! When that happens, there won't be a need for iMessage and it's blue bubbles anymore 😒. Because every phone except for iPhones (unless Apples updates it's messages app in iOS 11)will have the Google's version of iMessage messaging service, RCS, in the United States. Borgman I don't know how many bozo iphone friends I have who say "the picture you just send is hazy" or "why does Android not send HD pics or videos". Drives me crazy! Just want a simple way to send those things to my friends! Warren Skipper No matter if the rest of the world uses RCS, Apple will never adopt it simply because it involves connecting to Google. Add on top of the fact that Google will likely have access to all messages that come through and you have a perfect recipe for Apple to publicly stand against it on the basis of privacy. Jayson Stephenson Not sure what you mean by "Connecting to Google", if Apple were to ever adopt RCS they would just have to utilize the exact same API's that every other OEM (Windows Phones, Android, etc...) uses. The only thing Google is doing is promoting the standard and trying to push adoption. Warren Skipper From everything I've read, there are some parts of the universal profile that seem to be Google-specific. In this article by Mobilesyrup, the carrier network Rogers stated “It’s a Google managed service”: http://mobilesyrup.com/2017/05/11/rcs-messaging-sms-canada-explainer/ I could be wrong though.Even if so, Apple wouldn't adopt it on the basis of privacy. Jayson Stephenson What he was mentioning in that paragraph that you quoted was the Google Jibe platform which those carriers have agreed to utilize to have Google host the server infrastructure for them. Look at the previous paragraph... "One point Sarhangi is quick to reiterate multiple times throughout our interview is that RCS “is not a Google service.”" RCS is NOT a Google exclusive service. Any Carrier, or OS, or Hardware manufacturer can utilize RCS 100% without any involvement of Google whatsoever. mrjayviper Did that mean SMS communications will be data mined by Google as well? I believe they can't do that right now? h4rr4r Why not? They can read anything the device sends. If you own the kernel you own it all. mrjayviper Google can't read my SMS right now success they are not part of the process Ryan yes, they can. as he said they can technically read anything that exits your phone, if they choose to do so. This is how the current sms backup function works. Also if you use android messages they are already in the process mrjayviper i don't backup my SMS h4rr4r Google made the software that displays the text. If you use an Android phone. eddiepearson Honestly, don't care about this unless this means TMO will implement this tomorrow. All of this is null if TMO continues to not give a crap. You can get those free poop goodies every Tuesday though. bekifft The Venn diagram of people on Sprint with friends in Canada (and vice versa) are going to be very excited about this! JD So what Google is saying is RCS will be an unreliable POS that will be in Beta forever. thecoolkid So now Google will be reading our texts too...? kamiller42 Control the hub? Control the world! Nice one, stop shop for intelligence agencies. Will hub participants be given access to all traffic on the hub? I'm sure Google will. "Better to mine you with my pretty!" MeCampbell30 I'm sure the carriers have no intention of letting google profit at their expense. kamiller42 The answer? Enticement. Offer the carriers the access to the products of the data mining. "We all benefit." Abhishek Saral RCS is just for SMS or are there any other benefits? senoredusty Separate ideas. Your question doesn't really make sense. Think of RCS ad the evolution of SMS Abhishek Saral Try to understand the context. It's just for sending messages or something else. senoredusty Yes. It's like fancy SMS. Read receipts, higher quality media, typing indicators, etc. Abhishek Saral People in US should start using WhatsApp already. Instead of making things tough for everyone. senoredusty Everyone in the US uses SMS already. If, over the course of time, people are naturally transitioned from SMS to RCS, that's a lot smaller a barrier than trying to convince each and every person to install yet another app. Sprint is going in the right direction with this, having Android Messages installed by default on all new Android devices. Also IMO WhatsApp is ugly. I don't want to use it, so I'm not about to try to convince everyone else they should. I'd much rather see Textra gain RCS functionality. Duder12 Fixed for you. *iPhone users in US should stop using iMessage already. Instead of making things tough for everyone.* ThePublisher So Google will be able to read all texts... awesome... Erstam Why don't they have Google voice setup with this already? James Where does it say Jibe will provide the hub connection to carriers for free? davidtb I could see how Google (a non-carrier) would want a piece of every RCS message (via their servers) who's at the center of the hub? RCS is pretty, but not a necessity, needa I wonder if Google is going to let everyone in the hub get the data. Yuri Vidal Can someone please explain me why use RCS (Or even SMS) would be better than simply using internet IP messaging systems? (WhatsApp, Telegram, Hangout, and so many others...) Paul Hansen A universal platform for all mobile devices. Not just the ones with a particular app installed. 2 Men-E I just want this to come to Project Fi Sonic Sunglasses I'm sure AT$T is busy working out its strategic plan to be dead last in implementing this technology. KChristainsen So basically we're still far off from RCS becoming a reality, unreal Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? 10,000-19,999 (19%, 2,369 Votes) 5,000-9,999 (17%, 2,117 Votes) 20,000-39,999 (16%, 1,964 Votes) More than 40,000. (14%, 1,752 Votes) 2,500-4,999 (12%, 1,496 Votes) 1,000-2,499 (10%, 1,217 Votes) 100-999 (7%, 895 Votes) Under 100 (6%, 816 Votes) Total Voters: 12,626  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Popular television progress tracker TV Show Favs is testing a new material design layout 2017/06/07 11:11am PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 106 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 118 queries | 0.738s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 59 Plus 1 on G+ 150 Share on Facebook 59 Share on Twitter Total Shares268 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? datkidpatrick ya youre allowed to pay it off early... PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Maybe that's what caused the error at Fi in blacklisting by accident. datkidpatrick ya that doesn't make any sense... but it got fixed this morning by google... NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. David Bowline No they won't. I'll bet you can call Google and set it up at the time. Use your noggin and quit jumping to conclusions before the fact. jonzey231 But you saying that is also jumping to conclusions, just on the other side of the argument. If you want to argue me, call Google and play it out. Report your findings here. Otherwise, your words mean no more or less than mine. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. SirCanealot But I have a Pixel and it is broken. Surely this is not possible to exist in reality? :O :O :O David Bowline If Google is selling phones to a specific customer, who then turns around and sells them en masse, how is Google to know what was sold legally and what was stolen? Google has every right to blacklist those phones. Nobody forced anyone to buy a phone from some jerk on swappa. Its the responsibility of the middle man seller to take care of the problem, not Google. This isn't rocket science here. 4Ui812 You're right , it's not rocket science. If the phone is reported as stolen then it's ok to black list the IMEI. This story makes no mention of phones being stolen. Therefore like I said.... That's pretty shitty Google. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff David Bowline Then Google can assume that they were stolen and blacklist them. It's not Googles fault here. JFC. SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! Nexus Hexus What the hell is wrong in buying in bulk. That's how resellers have been doing it for years, then they sell the device to the consumer how the hell else would they do it. T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants tekfr33kn I'll agree with you that Google is artificially raising the price far beyond what it should be but that's basic capitalism and market forces. If the market doesn't want those kinds of prices or can't support it, it won't sell. The issue is that people are actually willing to pay that. iPhones are the primary example. There's about $400 - $500 worth of stuff put in a phone that goes for $800 - $1000 and they still sell like hotcakes. I also agree with you about the S8's and Bixby but again, the market says that the S8 is a hot seller and so Samsung isn't about to change that trend. That kind of makes your argument moot. As for comparing a smartphone to a laptop - if you can't see the comparisons, it's either willful ignorance or you just don't know a thing about electronic devices (specifically smartphones or laptops). In either case, I can't help you with that. The fact is that they share more in common that differences. It's one of the many reasons that development strategies (hardware and software) often translate quite well between them. xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Chris Pretty sure that the Supreme Court just ruled that after you purchase the item the first time that you are allowed to resell it. EarlyMon Commercial resale, not individual resale, is the issue here - a gray market supplier. Look at the number of complaints from people who expected Google support and didn't think that it mattered that they were buying what they thought were the Google version only to find out that they were Verizon models. That's one of the things that the store I referred to evidently did. Who mail orders a Pixel from a New Hampshire store to save the cost of taxes added when we all know what the only outlets are? Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) james fuston Yep! Totally fine for you to sell it. Also totally fine for Google to deactivate your phone when you've done something you agreed not to do at the time of purchase. It's then legally on you to prove that they overstepped. MisterAlex You're clearly not parsing what I'm posting. Selling privately owned property is within the bounds of "personal use." james fuston Seeing as Google specifically included a clause about gifting, I'd venture to say they disagree with you. MisterAlex That's fine. Sony also disagreed that it had done anything wrong by removing Other OS. james fuston Cool! So we agree that whether or not you believe Google's terms of service to be legal, it's entirely on the customer to take action after being penalized for a violation of said terms of service. MisterAlex It's always up to the wronged party to seek litigation against a wrongdoer. james fuston In that case, I have no idea why you started commenting on legality when I was discussing terms of service violations. Rather, I would have no idea why if this weren't the comment section. MisterAlex A TOS is not a legally binding agreement. You defended enforcement of a TOS when that enforcement went contrary to law. That's why I brought up the comparison to Sony's PS3 lawsuit (which it lost). james fuston I'm not discussing whether terms of service are legally binding. I'm discussing whether or not the action being described (selling the phone) violates the ToS. It does. MisterAlex And my counter was to point out that putting something in a TOS doesn't make it hunky-dory. In fact, it's quite possible for a TOS to violate law. As I've illustrated. bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. J.J. I'm sorry. That sucks hard. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... atl3630 great here too. Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. JRock I purchased a bootlooping 6P off eBay for cheap, erasing/flashing firmware had same result, RMA'd to Huawei and they promptly sent me a brand new one. Nexus Hexus Yes there is, purchased mine used and already exchanged it once. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. atl3630 Six months, moron. PayPal protection is 6 months. Like it or not, facts. Stop being a little bitch. Roh_Mish What if the seller had bought directly from google. AP mentioned about the trains but there doesn't appear to to be a link between this and that fraud. Also there are many cases where buyer on PayPal will request a reverse and never return the product, screwing over the seller. And PayPal won't do anything about this. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? RayNeverLearns You are Android Police. You might want to stay more up to date on this story and keep your readers updated, especially one that has a big impact on one of the purest Android flagships. http://www.techspot.com/news/69452-pixel-phones-project-fi-showing-up-blacklisted.html datkidpatrick happy to announce the phone i sold has been taken off the blacklist after communicating with project fi... so if you're affected by this contact google or more specifically project fi support... RayNeverLearns I believe Project Fi has done this for all affected Pixels. I didn't contact the person who sold it to me (Craigslist 7 months ago... wouldn't know where to even start) yet my phone was whitelisted earlier today. A little pain and it took almost 3 days, but a good resolution. datkidpatrick thats great... happy it's fixed... Amir What an idiotic move by Google. That's suicide. HardWired I wonder how long before Tesla implement a similar system in their cars :) Sorry you signed an agreement, the car has been disabled because you decided to sell it to a used car salesman for resale. Same sort of punishment that should not be legal. Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 108 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 147 queries | 0.563s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Apps & Software Image Source: YouTube The Android O update could come as soon as August for some users Chris Smith @chris_writes June 7th, 2017 at 7:36 PM Share Tweet iOS 11 might be the talk of the town right now, but it’s not the only operating system update launching in the coming months. Google’s Android O is actually supposed to come out before iOS 11 arrives, with a new report saying that Google’s Pixel phones might get it as soon as early to mid-August. Don't Miss: The Galaxy Note 8 might be unveiled ahead of the iPhone 8 Android Police’s David Ruddock said on Twitter that “the official OTA to Android O for Pixel will likely drop in the first week or two of August,” adding that it’ll be a bit earlier than last year’s Nougat release for Nexus devices. The official OTA to Android O for Pixel will likely drop in the first week or two of August. A bit earlier than Nexuses / Nougat last year. — David Ruddock (@RDR0b11) June 6, 2017 “This information comes from a reliable source, but release dates are always, always subject to change,” Ruddock added, indicated that things may always change down the road. It’s likely that as soon as Google releases Android 8.0 for the Pixel phones, the remaining Nexus devices that are still supported for Android updates will also get their respective Android O builds. While you wait for Android O to hit your Pixel or Nexus phone, you might as well give the beta version a try — here’s how to get it the easy way. However, just because Android O is nearing its launch, it doesn’t mean that the Pixel 2 series is also supposed to be released soon. It’s likely we’ll have to wait until late September or October for the Pixel 2 phones. As of now, we don’t have any Pixel 2 leaks other than the reports that offer their internal code names. Tags: Android O, google View Comments Trending 1 Deals Amazon’s 20 top daily deals: Sonos speakers, Ring Video Doorbell, mesh Wi-Fi, Alexa plug, more 2 Politics Watch live streaming video of James Comey’s testimony before Congress right here 3 Tech One of the hottest iOS 11 features will force you to buy a new iPhone 4 Tech There’s good and bad news about one of Apple’s most exciting MacBook announcements 5 Deals This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch Picked For You With WWDC 2017 and iOS 11, Apple has shown us the end of the iPhone By Zach Epstein 1 day ago How to install iOS 11 beta 1 without a developer account or even a computer By Chris Smith 2 days ago NASA’s new Mars rover is completely insane By Mike Wehner 16 hours ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Apple’s HomePod looks beautiful but doesn't think different Wired Liz Stinson 18 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL America's fastest growing cities 15 commercial products invented for the military © Getty Images Getty Images Apple wrapped up WWDC on Monday by showing off the HomePod, its brand new smart speaker. The stout, cylindrical gadget packs in seven tweeters, six microphones, and a four-inch woofer that delivers impressive sound. The HomePod is very much a speaker, but for Apple, it also represents something more: a way to bring Siri into your home at a time when virtual assistants are smarter than ever. The question is whether the HomePod brings anything new to the table. Like the Amazon Echo or Google Home, Apple’s HomePod provides a new shell for its omnipresent virtual assistant. But unlike Echo or Home, it’ll sound amazing. Phil Schiller, Apple’s head of marketing, claimed that while most companies choose to focus on either sound or smarts, the HomePod brings both in spades. “We wanted to combine all this into a product that can really deliver a breakthrough experience,” he said onstage. Popular Searches Alibaba Group Holding Ltd BABA ▲ 138.68 +13.00 +10.34% JM Smucker Co SJM ▼ 130.62 -0.19 -0.15% Boeing Co BA ▲ 188.78 +0.73 +0.39% The only issue? It’s not yet clear what that experience will actually be like. Schiller spent little time talking about HomePod’s capabilities as a home assistant, focusing instead on the device’s impressive audio specs. He did say HomePod would integrate with HomeKit to manage simple tasks like controlling your blinds, changing the temperature, and turning on the yard sprinklers, all through voice commands. But will the assistant know how to communicate across devices, displaying relevant information—lists, maps, and to do lists—on your TV or phone? Will people be tied to their shiny new iPads when they want to accomplish something more complex than asking Siri to play the next song? How, exactly, will Siri flex its increasingly capable predictive skills in the HomePod? “What we saw yesterday wasn’t the full picture,” says Werner Goertz, an analyst with Gartner. “It was an almost verbatim copy of the Amazon Echo launch from two and a half years ago.” The HomePod felt more like a souped-up Sonos system than a paradigm shifting piece of hardware. It might sound better than its competitors, and look better too. But Apple’s fresh take on the smart speaker really didn’t seem all that fresh. HomePod comes at a time when both Amazon and Google are experimenting with new ways to get people using their voice assistants in intuitive ways. Just last month, Amazon introduced the Echo Show, an angular smart speaker with an attached touchscreen. Amazon realized that Alexa’s chattiness could only go so far in an audio-only world; certain tasks require visual aids, like browsing for clothes online or checking into a flight. (It also makes buying stuff way easier.) The fact that you can now interact with Alexa using either your voice or a screen shows that the future of these devices will demand both modes, in a way that works seamlessly across all of your devices. Schiller himself has said as much. Last month, he gave an interview to the blog 360 Gadgets, during which he hinted at the upcoming HomePod and threw subtle shade at Amazon and Google. “There’s many moments where a voice assistant is really beneficial, but that doesn’t mean you’d never want a screen,” he said. “So the idea of not having a screen, I don’t think suits many situations.”© Jason Henry for WIRED Image via Wired HomePod doesn’t have a screen, which might be because almost everything else in the Apple universe already does. Apple also billed HomePod primarily as a music device that just happens to have Siri, describing the assistant more as a “musicologist” who uses AI to pick your playlists than the organizer of all your digital devices. Meanwhile, Amazon Echo and Google Home built their virtual assistants into catch-all productivity aids that field any number of requests, many of which benefit from multi-modal input like voice command and a touchscreen. “There will always be value in using multiple senses,” says Ethan Imboden, head of venture design at the design studio Frog. “Those who succeed in this space will understand what is the best interface for any given motive.” HomePod’s design suggests that Apple isn’t concerned with pushing the boundaries of what a home assistant could be; for now, catching up is enough. In many ways, that’s Apple’s MO. “They let others serve as their beta launch, learn from this, then leverage the combination of their exceptional design and production capabilities, the stickiness of their integrated product ecosystem, and their network of retail outlets to step in strongly,” says Imboden. It’s still too early to say whether the approach with the HomePod is brilliant or doomed. On one hand, Apple could be using music to trojan horse HomePod—and Siri—into as many living rooms as possible. At the same time, people expect their smart speakers to actually be smart, and positioning Siri as a “musicologist” almost seems to underscore the fact that Apple’s assistant still lags behind the others. Still, Apple makes great hardware, so it’s safe to assume they won’t be hurting for sales—even if the HomePod, priced at $350, costs twice as much as either the Amazon Echo or Google Home. Plenty of people will buy HomePod because it’s pretty or because everything else they own is Apple. But only time will tell how much the HomePod can redefine what an intelligent speaker could be. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Wired The Smartest Robot You've Ever Seen Wired The Adventure Cats of Instagram Wired Families Pose Next to Everything They’ve Ever Bought Online Wired Wired View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Estranged husband of NBC vice president 'chokes their seven-year-old daughter to death in her bed', two months after his wife filed for divorce and one day after he surrendered the family home Dramatic moment armed robber opens fire on police from bus in broad daylight in front of terrified civilians - just minutes before they shoot him dead It's Comey Day in D.C. as fired FBI director's Senate testimony puts uncomfortable spotlight on Trump in blockbuster 'Super Bowl of Washington' event Trump-whisperer Corey Lewandowski insists president was asking Comey for 'loyalty to the country' and not to him personally  Trump will watch Comey's testimony – with his lawyers! – but live-tweeting may not be in the cards EXCLUSIVE: Daughter, 31, shot millionaire Stephen King television drama producer and left him naked and dying in pool of blood after he tried to evict her from family home Jilted female prison guard shot dead bus driver boyfriend after he dumped her, before shooting herself in the head as cops surrounded her Detroit teenager who worked at a shoe store is shot dead after he tried to sell $140 Air Jordan's on the street Mother of murdered Baby Doe testifies that her heroin addict ex-boyfriend was a follower of Alex Jones and believed government workers were 'shape-shifters' before he 'killed her' Heart bypass patients are healthy for 10 years after their surgery - but then their risk of an early death increases by up to 80% Chicago Cubs player Addison Russell is taken to task by his wife on Instagram for cheating  Four people shot dead in 'murder-suicide' at a Pennsylvania supermarket 'But does your dad have a helicopter?' The cringeworthy antics of 'entitled' rich kids revealed (and some of them will leave you seething) Eat almonds before bed, avoid caffeine after midday and ditch sugary desserts: Nutritionist's simple tips to ensure the perfect night's sleep Believing in God could help combat type 2 diabetes, controversial new research suggests Cool under fire! Man is almost killed by a flying fridge door after shooting explosive-filled target with an assault rifle Why a slice of BREAD is the ultimate money-saving cleaning tool (and it can magically erase those annoying smudges from your walls) 'It's my fault': Woman accused of encouraging her teen boyfriend to kill himself texted her friend two months after his suicide telling her she 'could have stopped him' Alabama man, 46, is set to be executed for shooting three fast food workers dead during a $2,100 robbery after last ditch appeal fails   What do YOUR dreams mean? From bees and crowns to puppies and pairs of shoes, expert reveals what they say about you Playboy model, 27, reveals she had to celebrate first anniversary of her marriage to 63-year-old millionaire husband alone because 'he couldn't make it'  'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins Former Papa John's and Domino’s worker reveals the pizza giants’ secrets - including a trick for reheating leftovers and the BEST topping to choose to get your money's worth  Florida woman who sent 'disturbing' threats to the father of a boy, six, killed in the Sandy Hook massacre because 'she believed it was a hoax' is jailed for five months and banned from visiting conspiracy websites Previous Next See Uluru without leaving your lounge room: Google adds world-famous monolith to its Street View service Google Street View has added Uluru to its world-famous service Company announced collaboration with traditional Aboriginal owners of land Australia-based engineers have been working on creation for over two years  By Sam McPhee For Daily Mail Australia Published: 20:57 EDT, 7 June 2017 | Updated: 21:01 EDT, 7 June 2017 e-mail 7 shares 9 View comments Australia's most spiritual natural landmark has finally been added to Google's famous Street View service after two years in the making. Engineers have been crafting the digital recreation of the sacred Aboriginal land for over two years with the help of the land's traditional owners. The aim is to help educate an international audience of the story of Uluru and encourage people from around the world to experience its beauty. Google were only allowed to capture certain parts of the site because the sacred areas are not allowed to be photographed. Google have added sacred Aboriginal site Uluru to its famous Street View service The internet giant spent more than two years crafting the digital recreation  Engineers used the Google 'tracker' to measure the 360-degree experience 'This Google thing what they want to do for visitors to come so they can have look, hear about the stories,' the traditional owner of Uluru, Sammy Wilson, said.  'We wanted to do it so visitors would get more understanding about this place when they come.' Google Australia managing director Jason Pellegrino said the company joined forces with the Aboriginal owners of the land, NT Tourism and Parks Australia to ensure the proper protocol was adhered to. Many parts of the area could not be recorded as it is forbidden to photograph sacred sites Google have included traditional stories, songs and law into the online experience RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next How Google shares smashed the $1,000 barrier: The tech... The Google employee and his wife who lived in a $2,000 RV in... Share this article Share Pellegrino said the two-year construction of the digital platform was necessary to support traditional 'stories, songs and traditional law.' Google use a 'tracker' which captures a 360-degree reading of the area, creating a virtual world. The Uluru project has extra layers to the picturesque views, as the internet giant have included indigenous stories, songs and interpretations into the experience. 'We wanted to just give a small amount of one of the stories here, so that would show people just the tip of the iceberg of things they can learn when they come here,' says Wilson. 'We hope it encourages them to want to come and learn more from the Anangu people out here.' Google convened with traditional owners of the land to create the most appropriate portrayal The land's traditional owners hope it will help spread the teachings and messages of the sacred site Share or comment on this article e-mail 7 shares Most watched News videos Terrifying moment knife wielding lunges at victim in deadly brawl Spectators run for cover as a wild brawl breaks out at footy match Kochie 'stunned' after learning VIC authorities not working with ASIO Truck driver narrowly misses oncoming traffic overtaking Lightning pounds Sydney as storms leave thousands without power Man confronts Asian couple after they catch bucket of undersized fish Alan Jones slams Australia’s leniency to potential terrorist Moment truck smashes into cars on Queensland highway Mark Latham slams 'delusional' wisdom of being civil to Muslims So much for a roll out! NBN contractors seen bungling installation Heartbroken wife of slain police officer Brett Forte pays tribute The moment Andrew Bolt is attacked by two masked men in Melbourne 'There was no permit': Government official shamed online... Mother of accused killer says he was acting in... 'You turned into a moronic bogan': Judge slams driver who... Man, 82, dies during a fight outside a pub with his... Girl, 15, 'was heavily intoxicated when she was sexually... Have Sydney's liquor laws reached peak madness?... Families left terrified as five shots are fired just... Commuters forced to park so far away from Sydney train... Peak-hour traffic chaos: Sydney in complete gridlock as... 'Would you like 15 sheep? 20 goats?' Australian woman... Muslim cleric found guilty of marrying a 14-year-old... 'Cold blooded' killer Dudley Davey jailed for 32 years... Married Colombian immigrant rapist, 47, preyed on a... 14 million hits and counting: Aussie dog Axle becomes... X-Factor star whose tragic childhood brought Dannii... Mud wrestling, threats to kill dogs and shooting at a... Daughter of high-ranking ATO officer connected to an... Evil Melbourne Islamic State refugee gunman 'went from... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 9 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals rage she took home after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes The world's her catwalk! Lily-Rose Depp, 18, steps out in low-cut chemise and ripped jeans as Chanel muse goes shopping in Hollywood Leggy Hailey Baldwin borrows from the Nineties in barely-there slip dress paired with hot pink shirt as she parties with beau Cameron Dallas Stunning wife of Chicago Cubs baseball star Addison Russell accuses him of cheating on her on Instagram  The couple wed last June and have two kids Alex Rodriguez NEVER cheated on J. Lo and former mistress revealed details of her sex romps with slugger in hopes of getting money, claims insider 'They were super into each other:' Bethenny Frankel sets tongues wagging as she is spotted 'laughing and holding hands' with mystery man in NYC  'Welcome to the world our sweet Georgia Grace!': Flipping Out star Jenni Pulos, 44, welcomes second child with Dr Jonathan Nassos Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) 3 beds and 1.3 acres 'She can really sing!' Leaked version of Britney Spears' Toxic without auto-tune wows listeners, who say the 'flawless' song is even BETTER than original 'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins Kylie Jenner shows off her very pert posterior in a tiny gray mini dress as she and beau Travis Scott try to stay dry on a rainy day in Miami The pair hit South Beach Makeup-free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty Plus-size models such as size 16 Ashley Graham are officially good for our mental health by boosting our self-esteem claim university researchers Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class in Los Angeles Former Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli reveals healthier figure in Paris a year after fans feared for her health following dramatic weight loss Fox cancels 24: Legacy after just a single season... but wants to reboot it as an anthology Eric Carter has been fired after a single day on the job Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Thought to require surgery on his head  Reunited at last! Melania and Barron are moving into the White House NEXT WEEK as the Trump family finally settles Washington DC Been living in NYC  'We are so blessed': Carrie Underwood is most awarded act in history of CMTs as she picks up 17th trophy in Nashville Triumphant night Stella Maxwell shows off her incredible abs in bright crop top and low slung pants as she arrives at LAX Victoria's Secret model is dating Kristen Stewart 'Ready to see me in my birthday suit?' Carole Radziwill adorns art gallery walls in nude paintings on RHONY Posed au naturel for an English painter 'Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in Santa Monica Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit on Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in wardrobe malfunction Designer duds! Kourtney Kardashian shows off taut stomach in black hoodie and tracksuit bottom as she runs errands in LA Looking good That's a cute date! Scott Disick carries sweet daughter Penelope after casual sushi lunch together in Calabasas Carried the four-year-old Elegant Huma arrives at the Stephan Weiss Apple Awards to support longtime boss Hillary Clinton as she receives top honor Arrived separately 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary She looks ready to pop! Formula One motor racing star Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows her baby bump as family hits the beach ahead of birth 'I'm the One Nut Wonder': Tarek El Moussa reveals he has testicle implant due to cancer... and insists he KNEW about wife's fling with contractor 'Learning to code with Arabella tonight!' Ivanka joins in with her daughter's homework after hailing girls as next generation of leaders at the White House Wherefore art thou Romeo? Nina Agdal shows ex Leonardo DiCaprio what he's missing by posting lingerie shot online Posed on a bed PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez jet out of Miami together amid claim he cheated on her and extortion attempt About to jet off Booze looking at you, kid! Wide-eyed Simon Cowell appears very worse for wear as he leaves Midsummer Ball with a bottle of beer in his hand Prince Charles' wife Camilla pretends to knight a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show Braless British singer Ellie Goulding is branded 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade fans to be politically engaged as the UK goes to polls 'I use dance to clear my mind': Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her tiny waist and ample bust in new snap... after announcing she was quitting social media 'for a while' Country queen! Carrie Underwood flaunts her legs in glittering look at CMT Music Awards She highlighted her legs in a silver sequined top with a textured mini His good luck charm! Nicole Kidman snuggles up to country star husband Keith Urban...as she drops jaws in lacy black frock at CMT Music Awards Her biggest fan! Kelsea Ballerini passionately locks lips with fiance Morgan Evans as she rocks revealing white gown at CMT Awards Handsome other half Anwar Hadid, 17, and pretty Transformers actress girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cozy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Gigi and Bella's brother Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead Bumping along nicely: Laura Prepon shows off pregnant belly with fiance Ben Foster at The Hero premiere She looked ready to pop as she hit the premiere 'Moment you realize you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as she films hairdresser pal Ken Paves showing off his moves Kim Zolciak has one more beach day with family on last day of Turks and Caicos getaway...as daughter Brielle jet skis in her bikini Leo DiCaprio meets with Mexican president to save vaquita porpoise - which could go extinct NEXT YEAR because there are only 30 left Vowed to try to save them Lending a hand! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in flannel as she steps out with three-month-old daughter Amalia and mom Shelley Three generations  'Missing my baby': Amber Heard bemoans separation from dog as she films Aquaman in Australia ... after the pooch was BANNED from the country in 2015 If you've got it! Christie Brinkley puts toned legs on maximal display in sexy black romper as she attends awards show in New York Stunning at 63 Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Mandy Moore stuns in off-the-shoulder blue gown to support her NBC show This Is Us She looked gorgeous in an off-the-shoulder sapphire gown Pretty in purple! Jada Pinkett Smith stuns in body hugging purple gown at the CMT Music Awards in Nashville The Girls Trip star made a solo trip to the awards Billy Ray Cyrus escorts his bedazzled bratop-clad daughter Brandi to CMT Music Awards in their native Nashville Cute couple 'She helps me so much': Keith Urban leads winners at CMT Music Awards with four gongs as he pays tribute to doting wife Nicole Kidman That's love! Actress Clare Bowen flaunts ample cleavage as she packs on the PDA with fiance Brandon Robert Young at the CMT Music Awards Parents-to-be! Country star Thomas Rhett rubs pregnant wife Lauren's bump as she dazzles in an emerald satin gown at CMT Awards Gorgeous in green  'At school, nobody knew Rebel Wilson': Star accused of 'lying about her age, childhood and name in Hollywood so she would appear to be in her 20s' 'There is no future!' Brad Pitt delivers bleak weather report as he satirizes President Trump's stance on climate change in comedic skit The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt 'Actors are NOT machines': Reese Witherspoon nearly 'lost her mind' during Big Little Lies shoot... and says she regrets working when pregnant What a tease! Justin Bieber has Victoria's Secret models including Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes preview his new single 2U in racy Instagram videos 'I don't have many friends': Jared Leto says he counts Leonardo DiCaprio among his only pals... as he reveals why he doesn't want to become a father Surprise! Gotham stars Morena Baccarin and Ben McKenzie get married... 14 months after birth of baby daughter Frances Become man and wife Staying active! Lauren Conrad explains how she remains fit and healthy during pregnancy... just days after revealing she's expecting a boy A heavenly vision! Petra Nemcova stuns in halter neck red gown with peek-a-boo bodice and thigh-high slit at charity gala in NYC Czech model What a yummy Mummy! Sofia Boutella dazzles in glamorous dress at promotion for monster movie in New York Shimmering star  Jimmy Fallon reveals Prince once broke a guitar belonging to house band The Roots' guitarist Kirk Douglas on his show Oops Katharine McPhee feeds co-star Kurt Teixeira fries on the set of Lifetime's The Lost Wife of Robert Durst They indulged in fast food together They're getting too old for this! Mel Gibson reunites with partner Danny Glover at tribute event for Lethal Weapon director Richard Donner Classic film double act Rachel Bilson highlights her legs in flared leather skirt and billowing patterned blouse for CMT Music Awards Legs eleven  Lady in red! Katherine Heigl stuns in full-length scarlet chiffon at CMT Awards in Nashville The actress's dress featured a plunging neckline and a full skirt Yeehaw baby! Jason Aldean's pregnant wife Brittany wears fringe frock at CMT Awards after announcing they're having a boy Walked the red carpet How to Get Away with Murder co-stars Charlie Weber and Liza Weil have been 'secretly dating for a year' How to get away with dating your co-star From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as actress proclaims 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of 50th birthday 'I don't give a s*** about them': Farrah Abraham claims she sent Teen Mom OG co-star Amber Portwood and her fiancé a cease and desist letter Luann D'Agostino takes a tumble during Real Housewives Of New York trailer...as they head to Mexico for skinny dipping and alcohol Twinkle, twinkle! Margot Robbie flaunts her trim pins in a star print frock during sunny California lunch outing Looked effortlessly stylish 'An inspiration to millions': John Travolta sends love to Grease co-star Olivia Newton-John after cancer news Her cancer has returned 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins actor in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit A look to dye for! Riley Keough stuns thanks to flowing red curls as she heads out for coffee in New York Turning heads for the right reasons Going hell for leather! Hailey Baldwin looks edgy in studded biker jacket as she touches down in Los Angeles The 20-year-old rocked a leather biker jacket 'I'm the youngest 61-year-old I know!': Bob Saget on how finding love with blogger Kelly Rizzo, 38, has given him a new lust for life  Blossoming romance 'I figured if I was to go down in flames, I would go down swinging!': John Cena describes moment he proposed to in front of MILLIONS of WrestleMania fans Yes, captain! Ronda Rousey gets fired up in new role as a coach on Battle Of The Network Stars Taking her new role very seriously  Curve appeal! Make-up free Amber Rose shows off her incredible figure as she jumps into her Rolls Royce in Beverly Hills Decked out in activewear Mod about style! Lily Collins stuns in long-sleeved mini and platform brogues at Stella McCartney presentation Encapsulated mod style Alec Baldwin looks dapper as Hilaria takes the plunge in low-cut gown for Stella McCartney presentation The power couple led the attendees Cinderella moment! Hilary Duff looks ready for the ball in dramatic gown while filming Younger Seen filming her show Younger in NYC Purrr-fect addition! Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik adopts special needs kitten and fittingly names her Adamantium She has added to her feline brood Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut a dapper figure at the Apple Awards in New York after celebrating 21 years of marriage I wish I had bulimia like Princess Diana, says Fergie: Duchess of York makes startling admission in interview about overcoming food addiction  Busy Philipps flaunts 'millennial pink' hair while lunching with Girls co-creator Jenni Konner in WeHo Formerly blonde Freaks and Geeks alum 'She's a lot of fun!': Renee Zellweger reveals she 'selfishly' hopes to reprise her role as Bridget Jones in another film For a fourth time He stole Clint's girl, romped with Gilligan's Island star Tina Louise and yukked it up with Obama: He's The Most Interesting Man in the World and he's telling all No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Wet and windy weather  Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown pairs sweats with studded Birkenstocks at LAX The 13-year-old paired her sandals with an Ivy Park hoodie So thirsty! Kim knocks back tequila shots while prancing around in thong bikini to plug liquor brand (despite saying she 'hates' the taste of alcohol)  Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman hits out at body shamers while proudly posing in a low-cut swimsuit, as she insists NO ONE should be told how to dress 'What if I can't get pregnant?' Khloe Kardashian, 32, panics after visit to fertility doctor on KUWTK She said she wants kids with beau Tristan Jessica Simpson SLAMMED for posting photo of daughter, five, in a bikini... comes one month after she shared image of child in mermaid outfit A couple that dresses together, stays together? As Selena Gomez and The Weeknd  wear matching getups, FEMAIL gets scoop on outfit coordination Showing Aaron what he's missing? Olivia Munn puts on eye-popping display in nude lace-up bralette and high-waisted pants in New York City That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Khloe was toxic, he was addicted to the fame and I was bullied over their marriage': Lamar Odom's daughter speaks out for first time since his drug overdose  Radiant Reese Witherspoon glows as she steps out with a purse and top from her own line Draper James Wearing a summery chic ensemble MTV's Road Rules star Danny Dias, 33, found dead in his apartment after suspected drug overdose two days after friend saw him 'freaking out' Sir Elton John, 70, is on top form after 'life-threatening' bacterial infection... as he announces 27 NEW dates to his Las Vegas residency 'Grateful to be back': Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris amid heightened security after Manchester attack Intense security Kylie Jenner reports for bikini duty! Reality star poses in camo swimsuit to model new army inspired collection The 19-year-old reality stripped off One has finally dried out! Prince Harry's all smiles as he meets Invictus Games swimmers in Sydney after his first day was blighted by rain  'A messy and muddled product': The Mummy panned in early reviews... with one critic calling it 'the worst movie Tom Cruise has ever made' How to get a body like Khloe: The Kardashian's nutritionist reveals she eats SEVEN meals a day and why the star doesn't drink juice She looks amazing Keeping Up With Kourtney! Ms Kardashian flaunts killer abs and hangs with Kim's bestie Jonathan Cheban... as she keeps ignoring Scott Going Beck to bed, Victoria? Busy Beckham displays her fashion fatigue in a blue pajama set after a non-stop week in New York City Comfortable outfit 'I feel sad she feels the need to expose herself': Ariel Winter's estranged mom criticizes the star adding she needs to 'grow up' and 'dress properly' Andrea Constand's mother tells court Bill Cosby offered to pay for her daughter's tuition in recorded phone calls - after he 'admitted to penetrating her' Starting as he means to go on? Disheveled Simon Cowell puffs on a cigarette as he arrives at Midsummer Ball event with girlfriend Lauren Silverman on his arm 'I don't socialize': The Handmaid's Tale star Elisabeth Moss talks having 'three friends' as she addresses the sadness of Hillary Clinton's loss So nice she did it twice! Gayle King wears $1,300 dress backwards AGAIN on CBS, one year after she made the fashion faux pas the first time Alex Rodriguez cheats on J. Lo and is not sexually attracted to her alleges self-proclaimed mistress, who claims baseball star likes rough sex and threesomes  Leading lady Rachel Weisz dazzles in a glittering tulle gown as she parades the star-studded red carpet at the My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Great Expectations star Holliday Grainger goes braless beneath saucy mesh midi as she parades the carpet at My Cousin Rachel premiere in London After George and Amal Clooney welcome twins Alexander and Ella, FEMAIL rounds up the best new beauty products for moms and infants First transgender model to appear on the cover of Vogue Paris urges others in the industry to embrace diversity Historic moment 'So inspiring!' Rihanna shows caring side as she teaches impoverished students math in Malawi The Diamonds hitmaker took to Instagram  Suki Waterhouse is reunited with rumored boyfriend Diego Luna as they step out in NYC... following her glamorous appearance at the CFDA Fashion Awards A mini Kanye West! Kim Kardashian shares new photo of son Saint... just before the rapper's 40th birthday Toddle is now 18 months old Needling for hints! Game Of Thrones plot spoilers revealed by eagle-eyed fans after behind-the-scenes video emerges from season seven Beach babe! FEMAIL reveals the items you need to have a stylish day of fun in the sun inspired by Kendall Jenner, Izabel Goulart, and more Just kidding! Now Ryan Lochte now insists he was NEVER suicidal - less than 24 hours after he said he was 'about to hang up my entire life' after the Rio scandal 'If you piss off a woman, she will scare you way more than a man': The Mummy's Sofia Boutella reveals what it's like playing a 'terrifying' female Back to brunette! Lady Gaga sports brown hair on the set of Bradley Cooper's film A Star Is Born ... after brief go at blazing orange locks Another change of look Katherine Webb films toddle Tripp throwing toy balls, revealing she and NFL star hubby AJ McCarron have been debating whether he'll be a 'lefty' or a 'righty'  'They have George's nose': Proud grandpa Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins on Skype hours after birth Salma Hayek looks stylish in black and white as she cozies up to Connie Britton and John Lithgow while promoting comedy Beatriz At Dinner Baby news! Florida Georgia Line singer Tyler Hubbard and his wife Hayley are expecting their first child together Married  two years Downton Abbey star Laura Carmichael is the picture of elegance in sophisticated blue midi dress at the Royal Academy Summer bash in London 'He's the bride!': Kate Mara says fiance Jamie Bell is doing the wedding planning as she puts on busty display in LBD on Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon House of Cards star is back in D.C. to haunt the REAL president: Kate Mara leads protest over missing animal welfare records at Department of Agriculture 'We're so excited for summer!' Ivanka Trump flashes a big smile as she steps out in a floral frock to take her three-year-old son Joseph to his last day of school Makeup-free Lea Michele touches down in Toronto as she prepares to promote sitcom The Mayor Wearing cropped jeans and a white tank Tom Cruise hints there could be a volleyball scene in the new Top Gun: Maverick movie after Val Kilmer pushes to be cast again as Iceman She loves her double denim! Jessica Biel shows off her slender legs in skintight ripped jeans while grocery shopping in New York City Rupert Murdoch, 86, and Jerry Hall, 60, put on a loved-up display in matching power suits as they arrive at the Royal Academy Of Arts Summer Exhibition FIRST LOOK: Emily Blunt poses in costume as Mary Poppins for EW cover celebrating long-awaited sequel Role made famous by Julie Andrews Alex Rodriguez's ex 'demands $600k or she will release private text messages from star'... but A-Rod 'insists he won't pay and has full support of J.Lo' Braless Selena Gomez suffers a double wardrobe malfunction in translucent black dress during dinner date with The Weeknd in New York City LeAnn Rimes wears tiny Daisy Dukes to put on show of unity with Eddie Cibrian after his ex wife Brandi Glanville predicts the couple will have ugly breakup Girl time! Olivia Munn shakes off heartbreak of Aaron Rodgers breakup as she hugs long-time pal Julianne Moore in New York City Fun day out for pair  The Walking Dead revealed as the biggest TV show on social media with over 2 MILLION mentions per episode Crazy for zombies Victoria Beckham is a dream in tangerine as she teams a loose blouse with a coordinating orange midi skirt for New York City outing Bill Maher's ex Coco Johnsen suggests he may have used N-word with her, but DENIES he's a racist and says he made 'n*****' comment to shock Stopping traffic! Stunning Salma Hayek stands out in figure-hugging orange skirt as she promotes her movie Beatriz At Dinner in New York City 'It is not the 1800s!' Kate Beckinsale shuts down man who told her to 'go home and take care of your kids' after she posted a fun video of herself partying Katy Perry reveals how she was turned into a tasty delight in behind the scenes look at her new Bon Appétit music video Singer stripped off 'He was actually really cool about it... surprisingly':  Ed Sheeran admits he 'cracked' Justin Bieber in the FACE with a golf club after drunken dare Bikini-clad Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, shows off her lithe physique in scanty snakeskin two-piece as she soaks up the sun in Palm Springs  The Handmaid's Tale once again sends shockwaves with appalling orgy scene... after viewers were left 'horrified' at previous episodes EXCLUSIVE: Shaken not stirred! Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves does his best impression of James Bond star Daniel Craig as he flaunts his fake abs in tiny speedos EXCLUSIVE: Don't blame me! Demi Moore blasts wrongful death lawsuit over 21-year-old man who drowned in her pool, claiming it was HIS own negligence  Makeup-free Felicity Jones dresses down as she steps out for designer shopping spree... hours after revealing her dazzling engagement ring Her fan-tasy woman! Brilliant in blue Camila Alves is wafted down by hostess Reese Witherspoon as they relax at fashion party in Beverly Hills That's his princess! Proud papa Chris Brown brings three-year-old daughter Royalty to premiere of his new biopic Welcome To My Life in Los Angeles  'Feeling good!': Olivia Newton-John shares update after return of breast cancer as husband adds 'she'll be a wonderful success story' 'I don't wake up like this!' Rachel Weisz claims she is NOT a natural beauty as she discusses her marriage to James Bond star Daniel Craig Bombshell in black! l Kate Upton models casual look as she stops to take a photo with an eager fan at LAX airport Skintight black jeans  Eat, Pray, Love author Elizabeth Gilbert and her girlfriend hold a commitment ceremony almost one year after she divorced her husband Sophie Turner shows off her slim figure in an all-black look as she steps out for lunch with beau Joe Jonas in West Hollywood Dating seven months 'Sometimes you have to meet up on the other side of the world': Ruby Rose and Jess Origliasso continue to flaunt their blossoming romance in London 'We're getting seven hours a night!' Liam Payne reveals Cheryl has son Bear in sleeping pattern at just 11 WEEKS... before taking swipe at Zayn Malik  The bromance lives on! Barack Obama squeezes in time to enjoy a private dinner with young pretender  Justin Trudeau during his Montreal visit It's a BOYS: Jaime Pressly reveals that she and boyfriend Hamzi Hijazi are expecting twins this fall  The 39-year-old actress also has son, 10, by ex Gordon Ramsay's father-in-law jailed for six months after Hell's Kitchen star's emails were hacked in a bid to 'air chef's dirty linen in public' following feud Beach bum! Blanca Blanco shows off her derriere in teensy bikini as she grabs a surfboard for seaside photoshoot Rocked a tiny bikini Princess Beatrice looks glamorous in a silver skirt for her first night out since returning to New York after her ex-boyfriend Dave Clark became engaged  She's her mini me! Reese Witherspoon and daughter Ava, 17, wow in patterned dresses for NET-A-PORTER X Draper James event Lookalike daughter Laughing it off! Kim and Kourtney Kardashian collapse into a fit of giggles after filming in LA... after disowning Caitlyn Jenner on KUWTK Activewear flair! Makeup-free Jessica Gomes dresses up her gym gear with a Yves Saint Laurent handbag as she steps out in Beverly Hills 'So proud': Chrissy Teigen and John Legend support daughter Luna, 14 months, as she throws out first pitch at Seattle Mariners game Held tight by her father Solemn Prince William visits Flanders in Belgium to pay tribute to Irish unionist and nationalist soldiers who fought side-by-side in World War One EXCLUSIVE: Mischa Barton's new flame revealed! Meet fashion model James Abercrombie who is heir to a whopping $430m fortune  No wonder they're shredded! Chelsea Clinton sticks with her favorite pair of frayed nude heels AGAIN as she steps out in New York for awards dinner Caitlyn Jenner looks downcast as she steps out in Malibu amid claims relationship with Kendall and Kylie has become 'very strained' Been a rough few weeks Scott who? A very happy Bella Thorne twerks in the street as she picks up some lunch with her sister Dani in LA... after Disick romance turned sour She's a knockout! Demi Lovato shows off gym-toned body while wearing boxing handwraps on set of Kate Hudson's Fabletics advertisement Winnie Harlow takes the plunge in feathered gown before breaking down in emotional speech... as Jourdan Dunn flashes underwear at Glamour Awards ABS-olutely fabulous! Kylie Jenner flaunts midriff in tiny crop top as she enjoys dinner date with Travis Scott at Miami chicken restaurant Jennifer Garner flaunts her svelte figure and slender legs in kooky pastel pineapple print midi dress at fashion launch in Los Angeles She looked great Save Tonka! The Good Wife star Alan Cumming fights back against 'filthy' animal facility in Missouri with a new petition to free ex chimp co-star Va va voom! Christie Brinkley flashes cleavage in sassy LBD as she leads the stars at Nightcap premiere Youthful beauty 63, continues to drop jaws  'We found each other': Simon Cowell shows his softer side on America's Got Talent as he cuddles a furry cat and hits Golden Buzzer for a deaf singer      DON'T MISS EXCLUSIVE: Little People Big World's Jeremy and Audrey Roloff become first-time homeowners after plunking down $465k on four-bedroom home It's in the jeans! Gigi Hadid and mom Yolanda are a matching pair in denim as Bella shows off her legs for dinner in New York Head-turning trio Dazzling in white! Glowing Amy Schumer reveals ample bosom in plunging gown as she gives speech at Designing Women Awards Gala Belle of the ball! Heidi Klum channels Beauty And The Beast in yellow dress before slipping into multiple outfits for Project Runway photo shoot in NYC Felicity Jones shows off dazzling engagement ring for the first time... as she gives flash of side-boob in a ruffled backless gown at Glamour Awards Flashing her tummy! Empire star Serayah McNeill shows off her toned belly while leaving a music studio Strutted to her car after leaving a music studio Melania Trump as you've definitely never seen her before: Sculptor creates statue in honor of the First Lady... but doesn't quite capture her beauty  It's getting hot in here! Game Of Thrones season 7 will break the world record for the amount of times someone is set on fire Heating things up 'On Broadway in 2018!' Cher confirms stage musical of her life will debut at NYC theater next year Show will Turn Back Time for legend Chivalry in the city! Flawless Sarah Jessica Parker is kept dry by hunky PA carrying an umbrella during a rainy day of filming in NYC Filming HBO's Divorce Defiant Lisa Moorish shares picture of her daughter Molly, 18, with uncle Noel Gallagher after slamming her ex Liam for being an absent father  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Carey Mulligan displays rounded bump as she films scenes for new BBC crime drama in Westminster amid pregnancy rumors Busting out! Salma Hayek showcases her bountiful bosom as she enjoys massage before film premiere She's preparing to promote her latest film Biker chic! Mariah Carey pours her curves into ripped skinny jeans and cropped leather jacket in Beverly Hills Added a pair of funky black leather boots She can sing, too! Nicole Kidman gives a rockin' impromptu performance of Proud Mary on The Late Late Show with James Corden 'I needed help getting laid!' Ed Sheeran insists his 'unfortunate looks' led to God-given music talent... before gorging 55 Maltesters during Carpool Karaoke  Who needs a wife when you have these ladies? Single Tom Cruise looks smitten with his stunning Mummy co-stars at NYC premiere Aaron Rodgers 'still not on speaking terms with his family' after Olivia Munn split The 33-year-old NFL superstar 'still has not reconciled with family' Eva Mendes makes rare public appearance in tight denim for some errands in Beverly Hills Popped up in public rocking a striped ensemble Time to find love! Corinne Olympios, DeMario Jackson and Amanda Stanton join season four of Bachelor In Paradise...as full roster is revealed Michelle Obama laments how Barack wore exact same tux for eight years and no one commented - while she was scrutinized for every dress choice Chloe Grace Moretz highlights her enviably lean legs in horse patterned Coach dress for the brand's summer bash Leggy lady!  No time for a blow out! Courteney Cox leaves a Beverly Hills salon with damp locks... but makes up for it by wearing chic $1,500 Chanel shoes Busy woman A sultry summer look in silk! Hilary Duff is ready for a heatwave in tie-dyed dress while walking her puppy Momo on Younger set in NYC Leaving them shaken and stirred! James Bond star Pierce Brosnan thrills fans by stopping for photos Cuddled up to a pair of lovelies 'Just to be in your arms again': Iman posts touching message to late husband David Bowie on what would have been 25th wedding anniversary Flower power! Jessica Biel steps out solo looking pretty as a petal in floral print jumpsuit in New York City completed her outfit with nude Louboutin heels Just like home! Prince Harry is handed a cup of tea and a chocolate cookie by admirers as he gets soaked by torrential rain in Sydney during royal visit Look away Meghan! Prince Harry charms the ladies during his visit to Australia to launch Invictus Games   Pictured sharing a laugh with various ladies Belle of the ball! Stars like Kate Bosworth and Selena Gomez don the season's most popular statement-making earrings and YOU can too Millie Bobby Brown shows off her playful side on the red carpet at Netflix event for Stranger Things The 13-year-old seemed to be having fun Letting her beau guide the way! Ariel Winter holds onto boyfriend of six months Levi Meaden as they leave a grocery store Linked arms Jennifer Hudson looks magnetic in strapless monochrome dress as she scoops Trailblazer trophy at the Glamour Women of the Year awards in London  'I'm 2,000 years old': Tom Cruise acts out scenes based on The Mummy written by kids as he appears on The Tonight Show Loving it  'Don't remember all of them': Nicole Kidman recalls wild parties and drinking absinthe during filming for Moulin Rouge as she reunited with co-star Ewan McGregor Rosé-colored locks! Amber Heard flaunts freshly dyed pink hair after laughing off wine mishap during Aquaman cast party on the Gold Coast Ariana Grande's beautiful and heart-rending version of Over The Rainbow released as a single to benefit Manchester victims 22 people were killed Is this what Ella and Alexander Clooney will look like? George and Amal's twins imagined as cherubic toddlers in computer-generated images  Frozen in time! Vanilla Ice, 49, looks fresh faced as he touches down in Melbourne with Salt-N-Pepa for the 'I Love The 90s' Australian tour Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Nikki Reed cuts effortlessly stylish figure in flowing grey dress as she grabs dinner with husband Ian Somerhalder Her cup runneth over! Vanessa Hudgens sips on champagne as she cuts a casually chic figure while shopping for new shoes at Neiman Marcus She looks like a college student! Victoria's Secret model Alessandra Ambrosio wears backpack and sweatshirt as she arrives in London Her little man: Kourtney Kardashian bonds with son Mason Disick, 7, as she joins sister Kim for KUWTK filming Played the doting mom as she stepped out in LA Ready to Rambo! Brooklyn Beckham channels military chic in ripped khaki t-shirt and camouflage combats ... and a headband inspired by dad David  Meg flyin'! Sleepless In Seattle star Ryan is a vision in black as she heads home after jetting into Los Angeles She stunned at the CFDA Fashion Awards It runs in the family! Mandy Moore and her This is Us daughter Chrissy Metz shine in gorgeous gowns at gala event in Los Angeles On the red carpet Michelle Williams is a seventies style icon as she films kidnap drama in Rome with Mark Wahlberg The pair were in character Nicole Kidman praises the 'best year of her life' on the eve of her 50th birthday... as she pays tribute to London in Glamour Women Of The Year speech Shaking it like no one's watching! Kim Zolciak is caught twerking in a bikini by her daughter Brielle during tropical vacation Watch the full video It's a boy and a girl! George and Amal Clooney celebrate arrival of 'healthy and happy' twins  Couple welcomed Ella and Alexander So awkward! Jerry Seinfeld shuns Kesha's requests for hug on red carpet... and admits he has no idea who she is Singer approached  comedian in DC Revolution has a price tag! Natalie Portman hikes with three-month-old daughter Amalia before slipping into $710 feminist T-shirt Enjoyed a stroll PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shopping for baby clothes? Amal Clooney's mother Baria is spotted browsing London stores after birth announcement Karate Kids 2! Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas show off their martial arts moves for second day in a row  During a parking lot kettle bell session 'It felt like having a baby': Thandie Newton says being naked in Westworld was empowering and liberating 'Intense self-affirmation' Hollywood star Rebel Wilson arrives at court for the final day of her defamation trial against Australian manazine Will wrap up her trial on Wednesday Giddyup! Ashton Kutcher and Jada Pinkett Smith are set to present at this year's CMT Music Awards The bash celebrates folk musicians Taking the plunge! Keri Russell rocks extra low-cut blouse and sophisticated trench coat for New York outing  Looking glamorous Lovely in lace: Kate Mara strikes an elegant pose in white dress to promote new war drama Megan Leavey in NYC For her appearance on AOL's Build Series 'That photographer's assistant is trying REALLY hard not to look at my boobs': Ashley Graham shares VERY intimate inner thoughts during sexy shoot 'We meditate together': Hugh Jackman, 48, reveals the secret behind his successful 21-year marriage to wife Deborra-Lee Furness, 61 Long-lasting relationship Gabourey Sidibe hits out at 'annoying' people who compliment her for shedding pounds post-surgery Actress can't stand  uninvited remarks Ruby Rose dons an all-black ensemble while girlfriend Jessica Origliasso rocks a white suit as they hold hands on the red carpet in London  'Party of five!' The Chew's Daphne Oz happily announces third pregnancy on Instagram, but admits that many fans had already 'guessed'  Megyn Kelly gets personal, plays coy and even sings Bon Jovi on 'Today' segment with husband - appearing for fifth straight day on the NBC morning show I gained 60lbs again! Ciara reveals her post-baby weight loss goals after welcoming second baby Sienna  Gave birth to Sienna just over a month ago  Chelsea Clinton hails cab to work in shredded heels while out-of-work hubby Marc Mezvinsky selects torn loafers for trip to the park with daughter Charlotte Kim Kardashian and Kanye West arrive home after kicking off his 40th birthday celebrations with trip to Bahamas with North and Saint The Crown star Vanessa Kirby gives a shout out to female empowerment as she leads the winners at the Glamour Women of the Year Awards Summer style on a budget! As Karlie Kloss and Olivia Palermo make affordable fashions look amazing, FEMAIL rounds up 24 cheap-yet-chic finds They have a name! Pregnant Jill Duggar and husband Derick Dillard of Counting On reveal they will call their second son Samuel Scott Fairytale family! Ginnifer Goodwin and Josh Dallas take sons Oliver and Hugo out for a magical day at Disneyland Once Upon A Time stars  EXCLUSIVE:  Meet the girlfriend of Tom Cruise's son Connor - a sexy blonde deep sea fishing expert with a wild side and a mugshot to prove it Thomas Cohen and his girlfriend Zoe Sidel make a kooky pair in striking boho looks as they enjoy a date night at a charity art event in London Let's go, baby! Peta Murgatroyd takes son Shai to the gym for pre-wedding workout with fiance Maksim  The Dancing With the Stars professionals 'I don't know what the f*** we talk about': Gwyneth Paltrow admits she doesn't always understand the advice on her site Goop Her big confession  Tearful Andrea Constand comes face to face with smirking Bill Cosby for first time in a decade as she tells court how she woke up to find him groping her  Noel Gallagher 'donates profits from his song Don't Look Back In Anger to charity for Manchester victims... as he claims he was never invited to One Love gig' Happy National Day! Sweden's royals turn out in traditional dress to ring in the festivities - but it's adorable Princess Estelle who steals the show  Mommy's me time! Selma Blair takes a break from parenting her son to enjoy a pampering session in LA Sported a nautical look with striped top Giving dad advice? Barack Obama visited George Clooney at the actor's English estate just nine days before Amal gave birth Spent evening together Trouble in paradise? Selena Gomez dazzles as she steps out for a date night with her boyfriend The Weeknd... but the pair don't look too happy Party time! Pals Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin change out of red carpet frocks to hit the town after CFDA Fashion Awards in New York City Rihanna shows off her nipple piercing as she dances in sheer crop top while filming music video in Miami... after breaking silence over fat shaming with meme Back to the Big Apple! Shay Mitchell shows off her city chic style in sheer top and fitted jeans... after sharing bathtub photo from Morocco Lisa Rinna's daughter Delilah Belle Hamlin displays her model figure in blush satin gown at fashion awards She was recently signed to IMG Models  EXCLUSIVE: Judge DENIES Jim Carrey's motion to remove claims he transmitted STDs in wrongful death battle with his late girlfriend's mom  Where's Stella? Kristen Stewart leaves her ex Alicia Cargile's house in the morning... but model girlfriend Maxwell is nowhere to be seen A warm hug! Lea Michele wraps her arms around a male friend as she dresses down to meet up with a group of pals in a Beverly Hills park 'I was about to hang up my entire life': Ryan Lochte reveals he considered suicide after Rio Games but is better than ever with a son on the way  Still got it! Hugh Hefner's 54-year-old ex-wife Kimberly strips down to a lacy black bra to recreate iconic 1988 Playboy cover - after her SON suggested it Pregnant Serena Williams looks glowing in a loose white top as she relaxes courtside to watch the tennis during French Open Snacking on a banana Britney Spears spins into a kiss with boyfriend Sam Asghari on Instagram as he visits her in Japan Toxic singer is currently on tour in Asia  Kerry Washington gives her parents a present on HER birthday... along with 'inappropriate notes' thanking them for 'getting it on' Designer off duty! Make-up free Stella McCartney, 45, is casual on a clothes run as she carries the coffees in NYC Glowing complexion  Braving the windy weather! Queen Letizia of Spain displays her slender figure in a wine-colored outfit in Madrid Glamorous royal  Dangerous curves ahead! Iggy Azalea showcases her famous physique and surgically-enhanced bust in a lilac bikini aboard luxury yacht in Mexico Former police officer who protected Whitney Houston and inspired hit film The Bodyguard claims his efforts to intervene in star's drugs spiral saw him FIRED! Last hurrah! Mindy Kaling unites with her writers as they prepare for final season of The Mindy Project Former The Office star is moving on  Flower power! Tara Reid is all smiles as she steps out in petal-patterned jacket in New York City The 41-year-old enjoyed Big Apple sunshine Today's headlines Most Read Estranged husband of NBC vice president 'chokes their seven-year-old daughter to death in her bed', two... Dramatic moment armed robber opens fire on police from bus in broad daylight in front of terrified civilians... It's Comey Day in D.C. as fired FBI director's Senate testimony puts uncomfortable spotlight on Trump in... Trump-whisperer Corey Lewandowski insists president was asking Comey for 'loyalty to the country' and not to... Trump will watch Comey's testimony – with his lawyers! – but live-tweeting may not be in the cards EXCLUSIVE: Daughter, 31, shot millionaire Stephen King television drama producer and left him naked and... Jilted female prison guard shot dead bus driver boyfriend after he dumped her, before shooting herself in... Detroit teenager who worked at a shoe store is shot dead after he tried to sell $140 Air Jordan's on the... Mother of murdered Baby Doe testifies that her heroin addict ex-boyfriend was a follower of Alex Jones and... Heart bypass patients are healthy for 10 years after their surgery - but then their risk of an early death... Chicago Cubs player Addison Russell is taken to task by his wife on Instagram for cheating  Four people shot dead in 'murder-suicide' at a Pennsylvania supermarket 'But does your dad have a helicopter?' The cringeworthy antics of 'entitled' rich kids revealed (and some of... Eat almonds before bed, avoid caffeine after midday and ditch sugary desserts: Nutritionist's simple tips to... Believing in God could help combat diabetes, controversial new research suggests Cool under fire! Man is almost killed by a flying fridge door after shooting explosive-filled target with an... Why a slice of BREAD is the ultimate money-saving cleaning tool (and it can magically erase those annoying... 'It's my fault': Woman accused of encouraging her teen boyfriend to kill himself texted her friend two... Alabama man, 46, is set to be executed for shooting three fast food workers dead during a $2,100 robbery... What do YOUR dreams mean? From bees and crowns to puppies and pairs of shoes, expert reveals what they say... Playboy model, 27, celebrates first anniversary of her marriage to 63-year-old millionaire husband alone... 'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will... Former Papa John's and Domino’s worker reveals the pizza giants’ secrets - including a trick for reheating... Florida woman who sent 'disturbing' threats to the father of a boy, six, killed in the Sandy Hook massacre... 'I put my entire reputation on it': Auctioneer spends $50,000 proving that painting found in Arizona... Are these the most pampered pets of all time? The furry friends that are fed fillet steak, roast dinners and... Former bus driver, 27, who lived with his parents is found guilty of travelling to Syria to join ISIS where... Drinking 4 cups of coffee or just 1 of herbal tea each day protects against deadly liver disease Do YOU keep onions in the fridge? Why the vegetable will go off VERY quickly if you keep it chilled (and... MORE HEADLINES He stole Clint Eastwood's woman, had nonstop sex with Gilligan's Island actress Tina Louise and yukked it up with President Obama - of course he did, he's The Most Interesting Man in the World and he tells all in new memoir Four-year-old boy tragically drowns ONE WEEK after going swimming in rare dry-drowning case Donald Trump told James Comey 'I need loyalty, I EXPECT loyalty' in one-on-one dinner, fired FBI director reveals in bombshell sworn testimony - and says president asked him to PROVE he hadn't used Russian hookers Estranged husband of NBC vice president 'chokes their seven-year-old daughter to death in her bed', two months after his wife filed for divorce and one day after he surrendered the family home Andrea Constand's mother tells court Bill Cosby offered to pay for her daughter's tuition in recorded phone calls - after he 'admitted to penetrating her' and claims she 'even had an orgasm' 'It's my fault': Woman accused of encouraging her teen boyfriend to kill himself texted her friend two months after his suicide telling her she 'could have stopped him' Heart-stopping video shows moment armed police gunned down London Bridge terrorists in a hail of bullets seconds after all three jihadis stabbed a passer-by - who miraculously got to his feet  Mother shot dead her two young children in their sleep and killed family dog before ending her own life and setting fire to her home in the middle of a 'bitter' custody battle with her estranged husband Chicago Cubs player Addison Russell is taken to task by his wife on Instagram for cheating  Dramatic moment armed robber opens fire on police from bus in broad daylight in front of terrified civilians - just minutes before they shoot him dead 'They have George's nose': Proud grandfather Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins on Skype hours after birth 'It looked like they pulled a toddler out of my belly!': Florida mom gives birth to a 13.5-pound baby girl Cool under fire! Man is almost killed by a flying fridge door after shooting explosive-filled target with an assault rifle Bomb squad carry out two controlled explosions outside new US Embassy in London after suspicious vehicles are parked outside Louisiana man is charged over murder of missing massage therapist, 24, after her boyfriend found her body in woods near the home of her last client  Two Missouri teens tied a kitten to a car's bumper and dragged it to its death as laughing friends videotaped the 'cat tossing and turning until it could not run anymore' Playboy model, 27, celebrates first anniversary of her marriage to 63-year-old millionaire husband alone because 'he couldn't make it'  Pictured: Mute autistic boy, four, who starved to death clinging to his mother's rotting corpse TWO WEEKS after she died from an epileptic fit in their London flat  Vladimir Putin slams Hillary Clinton saying she 'abused the Russian issue' by comparing him to Hitler and praises Ronald Reagan for stopping work at 6 p.m. each day to watch TV with his wife in series of interviews with Oliver Stone Every little thing is gonna be alright! Incredible before and after photos show how frightened and abandoned dog Bob Marley is on road to recovery after he and his pal were rescued I wish I had bulimia like Princess Diana, says Fergie: Duchess of York makes startling admission in interview about overcoming food addiction  Married teacher, 39, who 'filmed herself having intercourse and performing sex acts on a 17-year-old male student' is charged after clips of the the mother-of-five were posted online and she tried to bribe the pupil to keep quiet 'I don't think anyone would survive': Putin tells Oliver Stone that a 'hot' war between the US and Russia would result in nuclear holocaust MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 48 Share on Facebook 29 Share on Twitter Total Shares105 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Videos Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Calling through Google Home 1.2 Manual control over which Assistant answers 1.3 Independence Day [US-Only] 1.4 Notification access for easier access to contacts and messages 2 Download There's another version of the Google app floating around in the wild, and as we've probably become accustomed, it doesn't appear to make any notable changes upon installation. However, there are some interesting elements floating around in the apk. In this update, we can see the first signs of support for making calls with Google Home and a new action that allows users to manually reroute voice commands to the device in their hand. There's also a new feature that looks at your notifications in an effort to give easier access and suggests about your contacts and messages. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Calling through Google Home Google announced this one at I/O, so it's far from a surprise that things are starting to show up in the Google app. Think of this section as a status update. In case you missed it, the announcement at I/O declared that it will soon be possible to use Google Home a bit like a speakerphone. More specifically, you'll be able to start and carry through a call on Google Home. There were still a lot of unanswered questions, but a few of those might be cleared up with this teardown. To begin with, some people have predicted that the call still occurs through the caller's phone, but the audio is traveling over Bluetooth or Wi-Fi, while others have suggested a phone number will be linked to Google Home and calls will be made through the Google Voice infrastructure. It appears that the latter of the two is the winner. Some of the new strings show that users will link their phone service to Google Home for outgoing calls. Another common question is whether or not people will be able to answer incoming calls through Google Home. At the moment, only outgoing calls are mentioned in the strings, which hints that incoming calls might not be supported. On the other hand, this implementation doesn't look finished, and support could be added in the future, so this is far from conclusive. code <string name="assistant_settings_active_phone_service_category_title">Linked phone services</string> <string name="assistant_phone_preference">assistantPhone</string> <string name="assistant_settings_more_phone_servicer_category_title">Other phone services</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_title">Phone</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_default_snackbar_text">%1$s is your default phone service.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_link_dialog_text">Link your Google Account to %1$s to make calls on Google Home through Google Assistant.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_no_preference_title">Anonymous</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_no_preference_summary">You will appear as unlisted to others</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_service_category_title">The Assistant will use the phone service provided below for outgoing calls on Google Home. E911 is not available.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_unable_unlink_default">Cannot unlink your default phone service.</string> Manual control over which Assistant answers Staying with the topic of Google Home, but going wider to all devices that run Assistant, it looks like Google is still working working out the best way to handle multiple always-listening devices. A new line of text has been added that will be used to give direction to the Assistant that the device in your hand is the one that should be responding. <string name="opa_mult_devices_answer_on_phone">Answer Here</string> There are no clear signs about how this line will be used, but it looks like it will be a button on the toast message. That is to say you'll probably have a brief span of a second or two after a command is claimed by another device when you'll be able to insist it should be handled on your phone. Obviously, we all want voice commands to be handled by the perfect device each time, but since that would take some bewilderingly perfect artificial intelligence and perfect knowledge of context, that's pretty unrealistic. Most of us expect commands to at least route to the device that can handle them, not to be sucked into the black hole that is a Google Home when certain commands only work on a phone. I welcome the option to manually tell Assistant to answer on my phone. It may be a hacky workaround, but at least it gives us an out that doesn't require whispering into a phone mic or walking over to the Home unit to hit a mute button. Independence Day [US-Only] There's actually nothing special to say here – Google just added a new line for activities scheduled for July 4th, which is Independence Day in the United States. <string name="july_4th_activities">July 4th activities</string> I don't have much to read into about a line like this, but I am going to predict those of us in the US will see this in a little less than a month. :p Notification access for easier access to contacts and messages If you were paying much attention to Google I/O, you may have caught that Android O is bringing a quirky new feature called Notification Dots. In short, the Google Launcher will draw a little dot over the corner of app icons when they have pending notifications. It seems Google may have another feature planned that will also begin watching your notifications. Several new lines describe a feature that will "help you find your contacts and messages," but it needs to watch your notifications to do that. code <string name="notification_accessable_apps_category_title">Notification access</string> <string name="notification_access_desc">Google uses notifications you've received on this device to help you find your contacts and messages. This is done solely on this device and these results are only shown to you.</string> <string name="notification_enabled_apps_title">Select the apps you'd like to include:</string> <string name="notification_access_link_text">Turn off notification access</string> <string name="notification_menu_message">To give Google access to your notifications, tap the toggle above next to Google. You can change this access from Settings &gt; In Apps.</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_title">Want to see more contacts?</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_body">To see more relevant contacts and messages, turn on notification access. This means that Google can read notifications from all apps and keep the information private on your phone.</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_dismiss_button_text">NOT NOW</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_learn_more_text">Learn more</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_optin_button_text">GO TO SETTINGS</string> Reading through the new strings is a little disappointing because they only give a (very vague) sales pitch about what the feature is supposed to achieve – helping you to find your contacts and messages – and that it wants permission to do this. However, there isn't even a hint about what users can actually expect to see as an end result. In fact, the most notable thing to take from the wording is that Google is very specific that all data collected for this feature is stored locally on your device and won't be going to the cloud. While privacy is certainly important, and it's not surprise Google wants to be cautious, this means users won't have cross-device syncing or some of the more clever features that rely on server-based processing. Two other small notes can be taken from the text, though they aren't terribly helpful. The first is simply that users can configure which apps will be watched, so it'll be possible to effectively ignore notifications that are misleading to the system or you might not want to have mixing into your results. The second detail is that the option to include or exclude apps from this feature is in Settings –> In Apps, which is currently where apps are enabled for deep search. This might suggest information from notifications will also turn up through the search field, just like deep search does now, but that feels like a bit of a leap in logic. Perhaps there will be more to learn when the next update begins rolling out. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 7.4.15 beta APK Mirror Download QR-Code Google Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app calling contacts download downloads google app google assistant google home Independence Day messages notifications teardown video subscribe ... Previous Story Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude ... Next Story Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging Trending 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments edmann What happen to the data saver for the cards that was supposed to be in the app? Cody Toombs If you don't live in India (or some other country with painfully slow bandwidth and crippling data caps), I'm not sure you'll see it at all. Even if you are in an area where it's going to roll out, I don't think it has been enabled yet. These things take time to implement and test, and things don't always move super quickly. Joshua So a third world Country or Canada. Got it. Oh wait, nothing comes to Canada. Duder12 Google is moving farther and farther in front of Alexa and Siri. Its going to be embarrassing for the competition if the public finally notices. LondonLeedsFan Maybe in the US - UK won't be getting call features as far as I understand. Lars Jeppesen Neither will Europe or other places. Gfame103 Just enable the got dam calling feature already! XerBlade "It may be a hacky workaround, but at least it gives us an out that doesn't require whispering into a phone mic or walking over to the Home unit to hit a mute button." If this is truly what that's about, seriously, as I keep bringing up pretty much every time I see such extremes being brought up as necessities, wouldn't it be easier than any of those incredibly stupid solutions to just hit the button on your phone instead of using the hotword in the first place? tu3218 Bring it on! Good_Ole_Pinocchio I want new Hardware Google. Software is almost fully baked. I shall wait. F4LL0U7 So this stuff is great, but I'm having some experience-breaking issues on my Nexus 5X and G Watch R. 1. Reminders just don't show up as notifications at all, and automatically get dismissed. This makes them completely useless as reminders! 2. I enter *every* appointment in Google Calendar, and some of them have addresses. This should (and used to) make a very handy "time to leave" card and notification show up when I needed it. Currently, the card and notification do show up, but then get automatically dismissed. When they disappear, that event no longer shows up in my agenda in my Google feed. If it weren't for Google Calendar reminders, I'd completely miss my appointments. Both of these issues have plagued me for months, and have not been fixed even if I do a factory reset. Anyone else experiencing this? Any suggestions? Good_Ole_Pinocchio I haven't experienced those issues personally. You may get a lot more responses over at reddit though. surethom All. I want is a graphical equaliser to reduce the ridiculously high base. Good_Ole_Pinocchio What you need is new hardware from Google. obk88 is using the free spotify account available yet? JD That will never happen Spencer Actually... http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/17/google-home-now-supports-spotify-even-free-accounts-plus-soundcloud-deezer/ Grey When will my phone beep when I say Okay Google again? This is the single most head-scratching, bizarre, insane decision Google has ever made. Does anyone else's Okay Google's on their phone beep them anymore? Makes that sound? Mine make it over bluetooth but not in person. I DON'T GET IT. How do I get this feature back?? It's essential. Willie Chalmers III It makes the noise if it's on Bluetooth. I miss the sound, but I suppose Google considered the fact that if you're asking the assistant something on your phone, you can visually see if it's responding, so only tactile response, a vibration, is necessary There's also the possibility that the noise made Google Assistant feel less conversational and more like a robot, which isn't what Google desires. Grey I think the less conversational thing is what they were going for, but there's tons of problems. For one, it isn't always listening. I have spoken to the phone trying to be conversational and it's just not listening anymore. And two, I'm not looking at my phone!!! That's the point of voice commands!! akshay7394 It beeps when you trigger it via 'Ok Google', doesn't beep if triggered through the home button long-press gesture. Total Insecurity On my Google Pixel XL it still beeps like a champ. Sina ina Anyone having problem with ok google detection when screen is off ( while chaging ) with this version ? mine is broken right now Behace When deciding which device to answer from, why can't assistant decide which decides can handle the request then figure out which device recorded the request at the highest decibel? It would be a rather crude way of deciding which device to answer with but it could work, no? Fruity101079 Still no Google Assistant on Nexus devices, while my language is supported... reggjoo What I worry about is breaking what setup I already have. Last few updates broke my voice function (what happened to "from any app button"?) It took almost a month to figure how to get that function back. Eventually, through g+, after trying all the help solutions, that didn't work at all, I figured it out, but I can't remember how now. I don't want to go thru that again. I'm turning off automatic updates, just to protect my setup, even though Google apps always finds a way. I'll shy away from this one, til I hear from various forums about stability problems with setups and older devices. Ryan How about recognizing the Home is handling the request and turning my screen back off? My phone just sits there with the screen on. Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Popular television progress tracker TV Show Favs is testing a new material design layout 2017/06/07 11:11am PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 106 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 125 queries | 0.657s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 37 Plus 1 on G+ 159 Share on Facebook 40 Share on Twitter Total Shares236 Carriers Google News Last week Sprint and Rogers announced that users sending messages between the two carriers will be able to make use of RCS. RCS, of course, is the new standard to replace SMS that Google committed to back in 2015. So far each carrier seems to have its own idea for how RCS should work. But Google's recent work in cross-carrier communication is a big step towards ubiquity, and thanks to the tech behind this latest interconnect other carriers can more easily get in on the RCS action. We are deploying a "hub" model, so that carriers can interconnect to the hub once to get access to all other carriers connected to the hub. — Nick Fox (@RealNickFox) June 5, 2017 Google's Nick Fox followed up his announcement on the 1st with an answer to a question posed by our own Artem about how Google's RCS interconnect works. Instead of requiring that carriers individually connect their networks in some capacity to one another to exchange RCS messages, the RCS standards used by Google and the GSMA make use of a hub-style interconnect. Google's hub-based implementation of RCS in the recent cross-carrier announcement isn't a new technology, but it is cool. Back in 2013, the GSM Association published a white paper that detailed how RCS could work — and it's very much worth a read if you are even mildly interested in the future of carrier messaging, RCS, or even just networking. The white paper showed a few different methods for RCS implementation, such as using a direct NNI (Network-Network Interface) decentralized network for each carrier interconnection. Unfortunately, that particular solution results in a quickly rising number of interconnects as the number of carriers increases (n(n - 1) / 2), which means for each additional carrier in the network a larger investment needs to be made by those in it. The white paper also talked about a hub model for RCS, which has clear advantages for carriers. Rather than be burdened with developing their own connections to other carriers, each needs only connect to the one central hub presumably provided by Google. But, this centralized system will likely suffer from the same sort of weaknesses that all centralized systems do. For instance, if the capacity of the hub isn't high enough for the traffic present, then messages might not be delivered as expected, or things could grind to a halt. A central network is also more susceptible to censorship, attacks, or interference. However, it also provides some advantages, such as decreasing the investment of time and resources for carriers joining the standard. 4 node interconnect vs 36 The hub system proposed in the white paper (based on Openmind Networks implementation for SMS/MMS) does have drawbacks, but fewer connections might end up meaning faster deployment. And since Google has already done the work bringing the hub network up for Sprint and Rogers, each additional carrier should only responsible for its connection to that hub, as opposed to managing every link to every other RCS carrier themselves. Perhaps the recent news might help other carriers be persuaded to adopt Google's version of RCS, if for no other reason than cost-cutting. Why manage a ton of different networks for RCS when they can let Google cough up the cash for infrastructure? After all, if there's one thing carriers love, it's money. Tags hub networking interconnect node rcs Rogers Sprint subscribe ... Previous Story Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and ... ... Next Story MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Jayson Stephenson In case anybody is interested. Release 2 of the RCS universal profile which is to contain the needed information for third-party apps (Like Textra) to utilize RCS features will be released very soon. http://i.imgur.com/HLbSwcy.jpg https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14Ns9oV0Dh8_S5M-JHDvJ8sNHR6rpbiq2N6qZlP3g9zQ/edit Ryne Hager The beauty of that document makes me feel bad about my Google Docs skills. Jayson Stephenson Trust me, it wasn't anywhere that great to begin with. I really learned a lot with this doc and the amazing features/flexibility that G-Drive has. Snowsky Mountain Does this mean I can use third-party apps like the SMS Backup & Restore app to backup and restore RCS messages? Jayson Stephenson Yes, but even better. RCS Messages are by default synced to your carriers cloud infrastructure. So if you were to change phones/tablets your messages will be in sync with whatever device you use. Snowsky Mountain Where would I go to turn off/on that syncing of messages? Would it be from a messaging app, like the Android Messages app? Or would it be through my carrier? Also, I wonder what (if any) effect that would have on T-Mobile's DIGITS service, which appears to do something similar for SMS/MMS messages... Jayson Stephenson I'm not 100% yet. But I believe your answer might be on what Google turns its new 'Carrier Services' app into. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.ims&hl=en MJ I have no interest in my carrier storing my messages. No thanks... I hope this can be turned off. Jayson Stephenson I'm sure a lot of people will agree with you. As I mentioned to Snowsky, I believe the option for that will be on whatever Google turns its new 'Carrier Services' app into. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.ims&hl=en Latheryin There goes your privacy. Dmitri Smirnov There was never any to begin with in the SMS world. Latheryin That completely is a matter of the country to live in. Dmitri Smirnov SS7 vulnerabilities prove, that lack of privacy transcends borders :) Also, there is nothing preventing your carrier to store the SMS "for technical reasons" regardless of a country. At any rate, while RCS might be a weird attempt to catch up with the messenger market, it is definitely not worse than the SMS. Latheryin Acutally there is. At least in the states. There are laws that prevent them from being more then a pass through. As for the messaging market. That also depends on the country you live in. Data messengers are bigger in developing countries then they are say in the states. A perfect example is that 3% of the US population even use a messaging app as their primary. SMS or just flat out calling is the preffered. David Ruddock Cool doc, but Verizon and AT&T are both signatories on the RCS Universal Profile. That doesn't compel them to do anything, but it seems unlikely they'd sign if they didn't intend to be compatible with the universal profile at some point, which is what Google Jibe is based on. Jayson Stephenson It doesn't say anywhere they they ever will implement it. In fact I expect they won't for a long time. All it mentions is their RCS is a proprietary format meaning it will work on only their internal networks. Also check out my comment on AT&T. newtonfb ATT showed a demo of it at MWC(I see that you made that comment on the doc, you should include the twitter picture also). I dont see why ATT and Tmobile will not have the UP out by the end of the year. Verizon is a different story as they have not showed or said anything about it. Jayson Stephenson The doc is open source. ;) Latheryin Yes attached showed it but it plans on placing it on top of their SMS setup not as a replacement. wicketr I think what he's saying is that "yes, it's proprietary now, but they planning on having UP with an unconfirmed launch date". The same is true for most of these. T-Mobile's is currently proprietary, but has been rumored to be UP completed by the end of the year. But it's undetermined if it's going to use Google's hub, or implement the RCS UP using Samsung's infratructure across the boards. Jayson Stephenson Yes, sorry for the confusion. I will see if I can design it any better. But so far the only carrier which we know guaranteed is in the process of installing the UP is T-Mobile. Which is mentioned in the doc. Tom Erlandsen Calling it now, I bet Allo gets RCS support fairly soon after this release Joshua Why? Android Messages - which has RCS - is made by Google. They could have implemented RCS into Allo this whole time. Tom Erlandsen Because Google wants Allo to succeed, and the absolute best way they can do that is by having some kind of carrier messaging fallback. They're not going to do SMS fallback, the Allo lead has come out and said that before. But they've never said they won't do RCS fallback. And the fact that Android Messages has RCS support means absolutely nothing. Google is infamous for its A/B tests, so it's hardly a stretch to imagine them having two apps with RCS support. If Allo with RCS fallback proves very popular and successful, I could imagine them discontinuing Android Messages and making Allo with RCS the default messaging app on Android, requiring OEMs to bundle it with their devices. But I only think they'll do that if Allo proves to be a success, as otherwise they'll face massive OEM backlash Joshua They wont discontinue Android Messages because here in Canada where RCS has been out for months, carriers have said in 2018 Android Messages is shipping with all of their devices. Tom Erlandsen Like I said, I don't think they'd discontinue Android Messages unless Allo was poised to take its place (i.e. had a decent userbase). And that would take a while to happen, even with RCS support. So yeah Android Messages will probably stay for a while, until Google has something it feels would make a better replacement, and I think that's what they'll try and build Allo into Jayson Stephenson You have a very similar theory as I do. I think the point of the renaming of Google Messages to "Android Messages" is to give all AOSP devices a baseline messenger app that is not branded with the Google name, and supports whatever standard your carrier utilizes. (SMS/MMS/RCS) Obviously Allo will not be getting full-SMS support at all for obvious reasons....(https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/53uvvu/why_sms_fallback_isnt_the_holy_grail_you_all/) But it might be possible for it to get RCS support and still allowing it to view, send, and receive SMS messages. As SMS messages are connected to your carriers data infrastructure instead of tied to your phone storage. (If you have an RCS compatible carrier) You can have Allo to communicate to any non-Allo contacts while still utilizing its rich features with Allo-Allo communication. Although I'm not sure if such an app/feature is even possible. If it were, we could see a messenger revolution! Abraham No this is how I see it. Android Messages is a very generic simple SMS/RCS platform. No real branding, no real benefit for Google. This makes carriers happy as they are not shoving Google on everyones faces by default. Allo, if it gets RCS support. Will be the Google branded, with Google assistant and many more things. But this will be for the user to decide if they want to use. Not set as default to keep the user and carriers happy. What do you guys think? Joshua More likely. Allo will never replace Android Messages. Android Messages is a very lightweight, clean, and basic app. Allo is full of many (some might call pointless) features most don't want or need. Allo is slow to open compared to Android Messages, which could get annoying if you just want to send a quick SMS/RCS message. .w oh, and google will be in the center of our communication even more! and if someone opts to use basic sms, which doesn't use internet and such one will end up being processed but damn google... how "noble" of them, and they will probably do this also for "free" (i.e. "only" our data will be collected)... 😆😄 Better Google than Amazon, Facebook, or Apple. That's for sure. .w I'm not so sure about that, given google cluster-freck attitude towards messaging apps... None of the above looks great tbh... Nana Adu-Krow Not sure what is so hard to understand about their messaging apps. Each one serves a different purpose. And if you feel like there's apps that lack certain functionality (like web app support or something) you have the option to use something 3rd party. .w ROTFL, I didn't say that it's hard to understand but the purpose of messaging app is, well... messaging. In case of google you have abundance of messaging apps and if they have distinctive functionality it's even worse - there should be single app that handles all the basics and does it well. That's not the case in google messaging ecosystem. Why would I put my feet in that mess? Just to find out that in a couple of months google would introduce yet another messaging app? or in case of operators - say that they were mistaken if not 100% chooses their solution. Bottomline - trusting google services, especially those not well established (like mail, calendar, docs or android ecosystem) is veeeery risky... Cakefish When will RCS come to the UK? NathanDrago My knowledge is that SMS have basically disappeared. I only receive SMS from my bank and my carrier. Everybody is using WhatsApp / Telegram / you name it. What's the purpose of this effort for RCS? Is RCS more capable than WhatsApp / Telegram / you name it? David Ruddock SMS is still widely used in the USA. NathanDrago But don't you suspect that by the time this standard even starts to spread, USA will already have caught up with the rest of the world (that is, abandoning non-data messages)? It seems to me a lot of wasted resources. raddacle Considering how comfortable people are with services like iMessage which discriminates against other OS's, I don't see SMS going anywhere for the US. SMS is as standard as possible for the US right now. The only way to change the standard is by forcing it, hence RCS. .w This highly depends on the country... Peter Obligatory XKCD https://m.xkcd.com/927/ Dat Nguyen Here in Belgium, SMS is still used (well less than before) because when it comes to mobile subscriptions, Belgium is one of the countries that has expensive prices. For example, for 15€ a month, the carrier I use gives you 2,5 hours of calling, unlimited texting and 1,5 Gb of data so it's not like I can enable the data 24/7 And none of the carriers in Belgium doesn't seem to be aware of RCS AbdulB1 keep it on 3g. You will survive within limits Ryne Hager RCS is supposed to be an open replacement for SMS/MMS. But it is really just another competing standard. At least when compared to things like WhatsApp it isn't a private system. Any carrier that wants to can jump on and start using RCS for messaging, while WhatsApp is not so open and requires that you use their app the way they want you to. So TL:DR RCS is just supposed to replace old standards. bekifft Obligatory XKCD: https://xkcd.com/927/ Latheryin Data only messaging services are not really used a lot in the states and many other places. Data rates are just too high where SMS is unlimited free. Kyle Salewski Really hoping that since Google is behind this, and with the recent revamp of Google Voice, that RCS would soon come to GV. Anyone have any insight on the complexity behind that? Or would it be really difficult since Google Voice isn't a traditional "carrier" but more of a middle man. David Ruddock It would make sense as a reason for them bringing it back from the brink of death, if nothing else. bekifft But Google Voice / Hangouts are the core of the Frankenstein monster that is Google Fi. They seem to be trying to kill both brands, so it makes more sense to do this as part of Google Fi. But maybe GV / GFi is just more A / B testing. Willie Chalmers III More like A/B/C/D/E testing for a messaging strategy. Snowsky Mountain Is an Internet connection required to send and receive RCS messages? Jay Yes. h4rr4r So then why bother with it over XMPP? Snowsky Mountain So what would happen if I had a cellular connection but no Internet (no Wi-Fi or data)? Would it fall back to SMS/MMS? Jay Yep, you got it! John Doe VoLTE? Phone service requires Internet now so why not messages? Evan Anderson For instance, if the capacity of the hub isn't high enough for the traffic present, then messages might not be delivered as expected, or things could grind to a halt. This is an extremely unlikely situation. Any large network system, such as this one, will have plenty of redundancy and excess capacity to avoid ever overloading the system. Star network topology is standard these days, so this architecture makes perfect sense. Any other topology is highly inefficient. Snowsky Mountain I wonder what would happen if that were to occur, though. Maybe it would fall back to SMS/MMS? Ryne Hager It's definitely unlikely, I'm more concerned about denial of service implications from a centralized system. Decentralized might be more expensive for the carriers, but it would be more robust. Borgman Say Android Messages gets RCS on all carriers and stuff. What then will be the incentive to use Allo or other IM? Sruly J Well Allo has bots... Marcellus1 It'll be the particular feature set of each offering. I could use Allo because I like the bot and you could use WhatsApp because you like the stickers, for example, but it wouldn't matter that we aren't using the same app--which would be awesome and would drive competition better. Borgman But Allo won't get RCS, correct? Won't that remain an IM (unfortunately?). Or by some miracle (thanks to RCS) I'd be able to use Allo and message someone on imessage? Or are IM a whole nother story for a later date? (I just wish I could use X app and send messages, full resolution photos, HD video, read receipt, typing notify, to someone on Y app). Marcellus1 I don't know specifically what apps will get RCS and what ones won't. Hopefully all messaging apps will support it at some point. I suspect if there are any holdouts, iMessage would be the main one just because Apple likes to be intentionally incompatible. The goal of RCS, though, is to have exactly what you said is your wish. Borgman Man I sure hope that happens!!! Latheryin Will never take off as the standard. Not for a least 10 years. Joshua Canada already has had RCS for many months. We only have a few carriers, so it can easily be standard in Canada. Latheryin Everywhere has it. It is just a matter of who will be using it and what version they will use. It will end up like Android pay.. It to mention that is a but too much privacy that many people just will not freely Give up. Mainly not with the anti Google movement going on right now. Marty For some reason the headline of this article made me remember what I used to think about Google several years ago. I was of the opinion that the mentality at Google was of forging a future of making everything free...at least free in the phone and service market to start. Back then my impression of Google was that it was lead by activistic, hippy-culture young people who wanted everything in life to be free. I felt Google would try to lead society to forge such a mindset that "profit" was evil and that humanity being free from wants and needs was the future they wanted. Viktor Ivanov Good thing they aren't, I'd be really worried if they were. Marty Maybe they were to a certain extent but couldn't manage to bring their ideals to fruition. The people running the show right now seem to be money-driven. Syukri Lajin Google trying to make the carriers move to a more centralized system. Good thing they showed good example by not making another messaging app just for RCS. :D freshprince_87 I hope the other 3 US carriers (T-Mobile, Verizon, and AT&T) adopts Google's RCS messaging network so that RCS finally replaces SMS/MMS forever . SMS/MMS needs to freaking die already! When that happens, there won't be a need for iMessage and it's blue bubbles anymore 😒. Because every phone except for iPhones (unless Apples updates it's messages app in iOS 11)will have the Google's version of iMessage messaging service, RCS, in the United States. Borgman I don't know how many bozo iphone friends I have who say "the picture you just send is hazy" or "why does Android not send HD pics or videos". Drives me crazy! Just want a simple way to send those things to my friends! Warren Skipper No matter if the rest of the world uses RCS, Apple will never adopt it simply because it involves connecting to Google. Add on top of the fact that Google will likely have access to all messages that come through and you have a perfect recipe for Apple to publicly stand against it on the basis of privacy. Jayson Stephenson Not sure what you mean by "Connecting to Google", if Apple were to ever adopt RCS they would just have to utilize the exact same API's that every other OEM (Windows Phones, Android, etc...) uses. The only thing Google is doing is promoting the standard and trying to push adoption. Warren Skipper From everything I've read, there are some parts of the universal profile that seem to be Google-specific. In this article by Mobilesyrup, the carrier network Rogers stated “It’s a Google managed service”: http://mobilesyrup.com/2017/05/11/rcs-messaging-sms-canada-explainer/ I could be wrong though.Even if so, Apple wouldn't adopt it on the basis of privacy. Jayson Stephenson What he was mentioning in that paragraph that you quoted was the Google Jibe platform which those carriers have agreed to utilize to have Google host the server infrastructure for them. Look at the previous paragraph... "One point Sarhangi is quick to reiterate multiple times throughout our interview is that RCS “is not a Google service.”" RCS is NOT a Google exclusive service. Any Carrier, or OS, or Hardware manufacturer can utilize RCS 100% without any involvement of Google whatsoever. mrjayviper Did that mean SMS communications will be data mined by Google as well? I believe they can't do that right now? h4rr4r Why not? They can read anything the device sends. If you own the kernel you own it all. mrjayviper Google can't read my SMS right now success they are not part of the process Ryan yes, they can. as he said they can technically read anything that exits your phone, if they choose to do so. This is how the current sms backup function works. Also if you use android messages they are already in the process mrjayviper i don't backup my SMS h4rr4r Google made the software that displays the text. If you use an Android phone. eddiepearson Honestly, don't care about this unless this means TMO will implement this tomorrow. All of this is null if TMO continues to not give a crap. You can get those free poop goodies every Tuesday though. bekifft The Venn diagram of people on Sprint with friends in Canada (and vice versa) are going to be very excited about this! JD So what Google is saying is RCS will be an unreliable POS that will be in Beta forever. thecoolkid So now Google will be reading our texts too...? kamiller42 Control the hub? Control the world! Nice one, stop shop for intelligence agencies. Will hub participants be given access to all traffic on the hub? I'm sure Google will. "Better to mine you with my pretty!" MeCampbell30 I'm sure the carriers have no intention of letting google profit at their expense. kamiller42 The answer? Enticement. Offer the carriers the access to the products of the data mining. "We all benefit." Abhishek Saral RCS is just for SMS or are there any other benefits? senoredusty Separate ideas. Your question doesn't really make sense. Think of RCS ad the evolution of SMS Abhishek Saral Try to understand the context. It's just for sending messages or something else. senoredusty Yes. It's like fancy SMS. Read receipts, higher quality media, typing indicators, etc. Abhishek Saral People in US should start using WhatsApp already. Instead of making things tough for everyone. senoredusty Everyone in the US uses SMS already. If, over the course of time, people are naturally transitioned from SMS to RCS, that's a lot smaller a barrier than trying to convince each and every person to install yet another app. Sprint is going in the right direction with this, having Android Messages installed by default on all new Android devices. Also IMO WhatsApp is ugly. I don't want to use it, so I'm not about to try to convince everyone else they should. I'd much rather see Textra gain RCS functionality. Duder12 Fixed for you. *iPhone users in US should stop using iMessage already. Instead of making things tough for everyone.* ThePublisher So Google will be able to read all texts... awesome... Erstam Why don't they have Google voice setup with this already? James Where does it say Jibe will provide the hub connection to carriers for free? davidtb I could see how Google (a non-carrier) would want a piece of every RCS message (via their servers) who's at the center of the hub? RCS is pretty, but not a necessity, needa I wonder if Google is going to let everyone in the hub get the data. Yuri Vidal Can someone please explain me why use RCS (Or even SMS) would be better than simply using internet IP messaging systems? (WhatsApp, Telegram, Hangout, and so many others...) Paul Hansen A universal platform for all mobile devices. Not just the ones with a particular app installed. 2 Men-E I just want this to come to Project Fi Sonic Sunglasses I'm sure AT$T is busy working out its strategic plan to be dead last in implementing this technology. KChristainsen So basically we're still far off from RCS becoming a reality, unreal Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? 10,000-19,999 (19%, 2,369 Votes) 5,000-9,999 (17%, 2,117 Votes) 20,000-39,999 (16%, 1,964 Votes) More than 40,000. (14%, 1,752 Votes) 2,500-4,999 (12%, 1,496 Votes) 1,000-2,499 (10%, 1,217 Votes) 100-999 (7%, 895 Votes) Under 100 (6%, 816 Votes) Total Voters: 12,626  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Popular television progress tracker TV Show Favs is testing a new material design layout 2017/06/07 11:11am PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 106 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 118 queries | 0.738s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 Plus 1 on G+ 47 Share on Facebook 29 Share on Twitter Total Shares87 Google News Google has made some pretty great commercials in the past, like the first Pixel ad and the Google Gnome April Fool's joke. The company has created a series of ads for the Google Home, mostly to highlight the Home's temporary price drop, and one of them is... not good. The ad isn't too bad until the end, when the speaker says "And they'll be like 'O.M.G', and you'll be like 'I K-N-O.W'," at which point it entered Fellow Kids territory. The only other ad in the series (for the moment), called 'Celebrity,' isn't too bad though. Tags ad advertisement fellow kids Google how do you do subscribe ... Previous Story Sprint and T-Mobile Galaxy S8 and S8+ receiving updates that bring the May patch, an updated ... ... Next Story Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and ... Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Jimk4003 O.H. D.E.A.R. Luckbuckets Oh hey! Didn't Earnest Ask Ronda thespacecowboy Oh D.E.A.R. Y.O.U. M.E.A.N. ;) but aside from that, google assistant is awesome XerBlade Depending on your perspective, this kind of dumb can be either hilarious or hilariously bad. I, for one, am in the hilarious camp. I think I might be in the target audience for this ad. Tim Harman Yea, it's so stupid that it's funny which I think is what they're going for. I mean, Bruno Mars? Qbancelli Dudes getting worked out about some words spoken in a commercial, lol nxtiak I like the current trend of Google commercials. This has the same voice from the Google Photo Scan app commercial. It's funny. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEyDt0DNjWU Rob Agree with you a lot Willie Chalmers III I like the voice, but what she says annoys me. If Google has determined that this style of advertising increases revenue, I'm okay with it. TechGirl90 Really?......It can always be worse, like this commercial. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Lwh2xA4uvo Gjorgi Lazarovski WHAT. THE. FUCK. dariusmoss i like it? it does a good job showing off some of the neat features.. and if you live in an area populated by a lot of millennial and younger white people, then like literally like saying like a whole lot is like normal. like my boss talks like this and she's like 37. this commercial is targeted at what is a huge demographic where i live.. north dallas tx for the curious Benjamin Lehto Pretty sure that the overuse of the word 'Like', isn't relegated to just younger white millennial's. dariusmoss well sure.. maybe not universally. but, where i live, it most certainly is mostly white millennials and the younger peeps. of course i'm not talking exclusively jcopernicus I like it! craftyorb IT BROKE NEW GROUNDS! ScottColbert Slow news day? Major Sceptic I must be getting old , it just didn't seem funny . vmxr M E H JohnyNoLegs The Apple home alternative will be out in Australia before both the Google Home and Amazon Alexa LOLOLOLOL. Google and Amazon sitting on their products for almost a year, and Apple still beat them haha JD But Machine Learning told them it would be a good idea Indianajonze what was so bad about it? fit with the theme of the ad 100%. i liked it boop I thought it was cute. Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 108 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 109 queries | 0.287s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Editorials Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Chargers Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/ladailynews Home â Opinion â Editorials ‘Right to be forgotten’ laws misguided Google’s headquarters in Mountain View, seen in a January 2013 file photo. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) By The Editorial Board, LA Daily News Posted: 06/07/17, 4:09 PM PDT | Updated: 2 hrs ago # Comments For some people, Google is a little too good at what it does. What it does is read every pixel of digitized information on public websites stored on servers around the globe, and then deliver an organized and easily accessible page of links to it in response to any question that’s typed into the plain white text box at Google.com. It’s free, fast and probably the greatest risk to privacy since the invention of windows. Glass windows, not the software kind. Now the New York state Legislature is considering a new law, Assembly Bill 5323, that would create a “right to be forgotten” on the internet. It would require search engines, indexers, publishers and any other entity that makes information available online to remove “inaccurate,” “irrelevant,” “inadequate” or “excessive” information about an individual, if that individual so requests, within 30 days or face a penalty of $250 per day plus attorney fees. The “right to be forgotten” has been the law in the European Union since 2014. Google says it has received more than 700,000 requests covering the removal of approximately 2 million links, and has taken down 43 percent of them. The company must evaluate each request individually, weighing the public’s right to public information against the requester’s right to, or wish for, privacy. Saying “no” can lead to extended legal wrangling. The EU’s highest court is set to review the case of four individuals in France who unsuccessfully sought the delisting of links to “sensitive” information about them, including details of criminal convictions. In February, Japan’s highest court ruled unanimously against an individual who wanted to be “forgotten.” Justice Kiyoko Okabe said the delisting of information “can be allowed only when the value of privacy protection significantly outweighs that of information disclosure.” That illustrates the problem: The law is unknowable because it’s a judgment call every time. Google had a policy of refusing requests to take down information about criminal records, but in May an appellate court in the Netherlands ordered the company to remove links to details about an attorney’s 2012 conviction on weapons charges. In the U.S., where freedom of speech and the press are written in plain language in the Constitution but the right to privacy is not, laws like the one under consideration in New York are likely unconstitutional. But these laws are misguided, regardless. Taking down links to public information is not the same as sealing a record. The information is still available. It’s just not easy or free to obtain. Companies that sell data will still be able to collect and disseminate information on individuals and businesses, including derogatory information, for customers who can pay for it. Ordinary people and small businesses will be at a disadvantage. Advertisement And while Google has the resources to fight it out in courts around the globe, most website publishers are far less able to bear the risk of financial liability and endless attorney fees. “Right to be forgotten” laws have the potential to turn the internet into a vacant lot. It’s understandable that people and businesses would like to keep embarrassing information or bad reviews out of the public’s sight. But laws requiring companies like Google to redact-on-demand are a mistake. Individuals who seek truthful public information when making decisions for themselves and their families should not be deprived of free and convenient access to all the facts. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author The editorial board supervises the Opinion pages for the Los Angeles News Group's nine publications: Los Angeles Daily News, Long Beach Press-Telegram, Torrance Daily Breeze, San Bernardino Sun, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin, San Gabriel Valley Tribune, Pasadena Star News, Whittier Daily News and the Redlands Daily Facts. Reach the author at opinion@langnews.com or follow The Editorial on Twitter: @SoCalOpinion. Full bio and more articles by The Editorial Board Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LA Daily News Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © LA Daily News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 981.08 4.51 Here are two new ads for the Google Home, featuring a temporary price cut [Video] Justin Duino - Jun. 7th 2017 4:02 pm PT @jaduino Google Home View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The Google Home, if used and paired with other items correctly, can turn your ordinary home into a smart house. While many with a Home already know that, Google wants to make sure everyone knows just how useful and powerful it can be with a pair of new ads… UAG Samsung Galaxy S8 Cases The two new advertisements, embedded below, show off the Google Home’s ability to cast Netflix onto your television, recognize a song and then play it, add things to your shopping list, and much more. If either of these videos convinced you to potentially purchase the Home for yourself or potentially as a Father’s Day gift, you’re in luck because the smart speaker with Google Assistant built-in is currently on sale through June 18. So, from now until then, you can pick up a Home for as low as $109 from participating retailers such as Best Buy, Target, and of course, the Google Store. Justin Duino @jaduino I’m a writer for 9to5Google with a background in IT and Android development. Follow me on Twitter to read my ramblings about tech and email me at justin@jaduino.com. Tips are always welcome. Favorite Gear Jaybird Freedom Headphones Acessorz USB-C Dock Samsung Chromebook Pro Guides Google Home View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Home Weather 76° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Breaking News LIVE COVERAGE: James Comey testimony Close Amazon exec: Alexa should be able to talk to Siri Edward C. Baig , USA TODAY , KHOU 5:57 PM. CDT June 07, 2017 In this March 2, 2016, file photo, David Limp, Amazon Senior Vice President of Devices, pushes down on an Echo Dot in San Francisco.   (Photo: AP) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST NEW YORK— Alexa and Siri, rival voice assistants on Amazon's Echo and Apple's iPhone, don’t directly communicate with one another. But the Amazon executive in charge of Alexa and the Amazon Echo said he'd welcome the idea. “You should be able to tell `Alexa, ask Siri X,’” said David Limp, senior vice president of devices at Amazon. “If Apple or Google want to come calling, my phone number is out there, they can call...I don’t know if I can envision it but I hope that will happen on behalf of customers,"  Limp told a group of journalists at the Wired Business Conference Wednesday in New York. Limp has a strong interest in Apple’s entry into the voice-activated, artificially-intelligent infused speaker space, which also includes Google Home and Microsoft's Cortana on the Harmon Kardon Invoke speaker. Apple's $349 Siri-controlled HomePod speaker announced Monday is in direct competition with Amazon's best-seller Echo and related products, like the smaller and cheaper Dot and the upcoming video-enabled Amazon Echo Show. Does Limp think HomePod poses a competitive challenge to Amazon? “From our standpoint, it’s a little different philosophically,” Limp says. Noting HomePod’s “premium” price, Limp points out that that you can place eight of the company’s best-selling Echo Dots in a home for the same price as one new Apple speaker, at least when purchasing the Dots in a three-pack. “When people are starting to spend … hundreds of dollar per speaker, I think generally they’re going to want choice," Limp says. He points out that through through Bluetooth or a “line out” connection, you can connect a Dot to any compatible speaker of your choice. “People’s tastes in speakers are unbelievably personal,” he says. Amazon has a big head start on HomePod, which Apple says won’t ship until December. In the meantime, Alexa keeps building on Alexa’s capabilities or as Amazon refers to them, “skills,” which now number more than 13,000. Asked to reflect on how Amazon figured out that there would be a giant market for an “ambient device” that would listen and respond to you and do so ahead of its rivals, Limp says Amazon “was in a  position where we had a little bit of insider knowledge that maybe others didn’t have.” Seven or eight years ago, he says, Amazon was applying machine learning internally to solve problems. “We gave a rallying cry to the engineers….`think of interesting hard problems that you can use machine learning that would be advantageous to consumers.’” Limp also says that Amazon also saw the emergence of the cloud ahead of other companies.  “Similarly, we went out to engineers and said `imagine a world in the not-so-distant future where you have infinite compute and infinite storage. And if you take off the constraints (with servers, infrastructure and cost) what could you do?’” One of the things they came back with was the thought that “conversational speech was in our future and we could get there.” Switching gears, Limp refused to lend credence to rumors that Amazon is working on a phone for the Indian market, though he said he kind of likes the “Ice” name that has been speculated on. Amazon's previous attempt at a phone, Fire, was a bust. “I think it’s such a big segment that if we could figure out how the right way to differentiate where consumers could have a notable reason to buy our phone if we were to do one, then sure we would do it. It’s how we look at every product,” Limp says. Amazon thought it had that with the Fire phone “We were all confident and bullish and that’s ok... We have to take those risks and sometimes they don’t come to fruition. But I would do it again. In Monday morning quarterbacking I might change some things, but I’d give it a shot again.” Limp discussed ways in which Alexa and Echo continues to improve. Though not perfect, he says Alexa is better at identifying when the Alexa wake word is coming from a television rather than someone in your house who really does want to ask the speaker something. Other recent additions include notifications (“Alexa, remind me at 5:00 I have to pick up the kids), and the ability to name your timers (“Alexa set pizza timer for 15 minutes”). Among the ongoing industry-wide challenges he identifies: the internationalization of such speakers. “It’s hard to get this in every language because you have to get data and train it and even though that’s been available in phones for a long time it’s much harder in these kinds of devices. That’s a place where as an industry we need to get better.” Limp said the recent Saturday Night Live parody commercial on an Echo for Seniors was “the greatest thing you’ve ever seen. Somebody asked me the other day, `did you pay for that?’ I said `no, but I wish I had.’” Limp even said there’s some good product ideas in the SNL sketch. © 2017 USATODAY.COM CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Houston dad, pizza shop owner makes emotional public plea Grand jury could hear beating case this week More than 150 marijuana plants seized from vacant home HPD: Woman admits to drugging underage girl to have sex with boyfriend Family warns of "dry drowning" after son dies days after swimming Family praying for charges in Denny's beating Local bar to open early, host watch party for Comey testimony Thursday Army serviceman upset over pricey toll bill Toddler served alcohol instead of apple juice at local restaurant Raw: Attorney releases witness video in connection with fatal beating More Stories Watch live: James Comey testifies before Senate Committee Jun. 8, 2017, 3:34 a.m. Motorcyclist dies after hitting curb, crashing on E.… Jun. 8, 2017, 4:42 a.m. HPD arrests 2, searching another suspect after chase… Jun. 8, 2017, 5:09 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Missing Kids Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Animals Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week Eclipse About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Sorry!! The article you are trying to read is not available now. Log In Business News Politics And Regulation Markets The Economy Editor's Pick Trading And Investing Stocks ETFs Fixed Income Currencies Earnings Commodities Options Taxes Personal Finance How To Trade How To Invest sectors Biotech/pharma Consumer Energy Financial Global Markets Media Precious Metals Real Estate Technology Transportation special features Wall Of Worry Random Thoughts Sports Business Minyanville Press Hoofy & Boo Radio From The Buzz & Banter Daily Recap MV Education center Video t3 live subscriptions Thank you very much; you're only a step away from downloading your reports. You will receive a download link right in your email inbox for each of the free reports that you choose. Minyanville Google hits my $1000 price target three years early By Scutify Jun 07, 2017 12:01 pm PRINT   Stay Connected This article is published in collaboration with Scutify, where you can find real-time markets and stock commentary from Robert Marcin, Cody Willard and others. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. Let's do this week's Trading With Cody Subscriber Live Q&A Conference Call at 2pm ET. I'll be ready to rock n roll and I hope you'll call in live to ask questions, kid with me, or otherwise check in. Join me on the phone (Dial-in: 641-715-0700 Access Code: 709981), in the Trading With Cody chat room or just email us your question. I think we've got the next Google or two and another name or two I'll be adding this week or next in that same vein. I was thinking about I'm going to find "the next Google" just like we did the actual Google back the day it came public when I heard everybody talking about Google trying to get hit $1000 per share -- something I'd predicted many years ago. I'm going to go ahead and declare victory at that prediction now that Google has gone up 300% and is within 3% of the price target I put on it seven years ago. As I was launching Trading With Cody back in 2010, Google was close to $250 per share and I constantly explained my vision for how Google would go up 300% in the next few years and hit $1000 per share: Cody Willard says Google's going to $1000 per share Sep 23, 2010 - Well, I also think that Google's going to get to $1000 by 2020. Yes, I'm serious with these bubble-esque type price targets. Here's why. It's crazy to look back at the points I was making then, including what seemed like some crazy predictions about billions of smartphones being sold in the years ahead... Last year I wrote an article looking back at the full decade of analysis I'd written on Google over the years. Interestingly this quote from the top of the article: "Google Alphabet, Apple, Microsoft and Facebook are currently the top 4 most valuable companies in the world. I have to admit that I'm rather proud that I've owned and held onto three of the four for years, long before they were worth hundreds of billions of dollars." Can now be changed to read (changes in bold): "Amazon, Google Alphabet, Apple, Microsoft and Facebook are currently the top 5 most valuable companies in the world. I have to admit that I'm rather proud that I've owned and held onto four of the five for years, long before they were worth hundreds of billions of dollars." And the market caps of all five have gone up significantly since I wrote about why we should stick with these names in that same article. Here's the article from last year: A decade of Google analysis February 2, 2016 by Cody Willard People day trade, draw lines on charts, try to catch a big swing here and there, time the market, read the tape...and they lose sight of what's important with their portfolios - maximizing our upside potential and minimizing risk. I do that by recognizing Revolutionary Trends and investing early in the most Revolutionary Companies (can I trademark this term yet?) on the planet. Google Alphabet, Apple, Microsoft and Facebook are currently the top 4 most valuable companies in the world. I have to admit that I'm rather proud that I've owned and held onto three of the four for years, long before they were worth hundreds of billions of dollars. As a matter of fact, you can see for yourself that Google, Facebook and Apple have been my three largest positions in my portfolio since June 2012 as I'd loaded up on Facebook back after it crashed to the teens after it first came public: June 15, 2012 Latest Positions - Here's a list of my latest positions in approximate order from largest to smallest. I give each stock a current rating from 1 to 10, 1 being "Get out of this position now!" and 10 being "Sell the farm, I've found a perfect investment" (there will never be a 10 rating, because there is no such thing as a perfect investment, of course). Google (8) (Market cap back on June 15, 2012 was $150 billion) Apple (9) (Market cap back on June 15, 2012 was $450 billion) Facebook (9) (Market cap back on June 15, 2012 was $70 billion) I want to focus on Google in particular today because as of this morning, Google, a company that's not even twenty years old, has ridden the Internet and App Revolutions to becoming the most valuable company on planet Earth. I've owned this stock since its IPO and have quite a public record analyzing this company. Remember about a year ago when I was buying more Google common stock and long-dated call options while the stock was below $250 a share? Recall these posts: Trade Alert: Nibbling some names as we analyze the cycles - "Is it time to for this current market pullback to end? Is it time to load up on stocks again for the next swing higher? Let me answer those questions this way - if you've been following our playbook, trimming at highs, managing your overall net long vs net short exposure, and handling your business properly, then you know that it's time to scale into some of our favorite long-term Revolution Investments while leaving yourself plenty of money and time to scale into more over time. I'm doing exactly that today with scaling into more $GOOG common stock." Trade Alert: Buying Spy calls, Google and First Solar - "It's time for another fresh round of tranche buying of a little more GOOG and FSLR common stocks and I'm also going to add a couple call options on the SPY here - buying the calls with a strike price of $186 from November 2014." 4 near-term catalysts for the next stock market crash redux - "I've been getting more cautious and cash heavy of late and while I'm not turning into an outright bear, seeing two of the four bullet points from my own playbook detailing 4 near-term catalysts for the next stock market crash has me wanting to remain a bit cautious and cash heavy. If I didn't own Google as one of my largest positions, that'd probably be the one stock I'd look at starting to scale into." Trade Alert: Scaling into two of my favorite tech stocks - "Last week, I'd noted that I'd want to scale into $GOOG below $490 and into $SNDK below $90. We're here. I'm following my playbook. I'm scaling into about a 1/6th size tranche position in GOOG common stock. This will be my last Google purchase for a while, as I now have what I'd consider a large position in the stock and don't want to commit any more capital to it for now. While I do think it could take a while for Google to get back into favor, I am looking out into 2020 with Android remaining the dominant smartphone and becoming the dominant wearables platform as the primary driver for Google's growth in the next five years." Trade Alert: Buying long-dated GOOG options - "I am buying a small first tranche of call options in GOOG, dated out into January 2016 with strike prices around $540 or higher. Will add a second tranche to this batch if GOOG were to get hit again in the near-term. I'd mentioned I've beenthinking about scaling into some more GOOG exposure and this is the approach I'm taking as I already have some common from much lower prices still." Even better, let's go back to 2011 when Google was at $240 per share: I just bought some slightly out-of-the-money Google calls - "Google's down 3% on the day and it's another one that has the bulls writhing in pain just now. But then again, looking out six months, this company has some huge growth ahead of it, is trading much cheaper than the broader markets and has tons of loaded ammo behind it as its a favorite of the tech shorts once again. And on that note, I also just bought some slightly out-of-the-money Google calls with expiries six months out adding to an existing position. Stick with the play book, stay disclined. Especially when it's painful." And here's my fundamental analysis for Google back in 2011 as outlined in the book I published back then: 50 Stocks for the App Revolution - "One of the truer purer-plays on the App Revolution is Google. Google's Android, while still not nearly as good overall in performance, ease-of-use, and battery-life as the iPhone (I've owned and played with many of each over the last year), has mind-boggling growth ahead of it. And like most of Google's best businesses, it's got huge profit margins, low reproduction and distribution costs, lots of disparate revenue streams and ... did I mention something about growth above? Huge growth. And there will likely be three major platforms battling it out for most of the 1.5 billion app phone buyers in 2010 - Symbian (driven by Nokia), Android (driven by Google) and iPhone (driven by Apple). There will be other platforms, but it's looking increasingly every day that they will be on a much smaller scale - Microsoft and Blackberry and perhaps HPQ's Palm, etc. Nokia's Symbian system will also grow. (Find out how we're trading Nokia in the Revolution Investing model portfolio by reading my recent newsletter dedicated to trading Nokia). The stock's cheap, with an enterprise value now at less than 15-times next year's earnings, when you include the $24 billion plus in cash they have on their balance sheet - nearly $37.50 per share. That'll be closer to $100 billion or so in cash by 2020 and if the company grows earnings at just 15% per year for the next seven years, they'll be earning $90 a share. Throw a 20 multiple on that and add the $100 billion cash and guess where you end up? That's right, $1000 per share price target for Google." I was calling for a 300% gain in the stock when I put that $2000 price target on it back in 2011. (Please note that we adjusted the post-split numbers for Google in my analysis there since they did the two-for-one stock split.) Take a look at how many analysts, retail investors and other people attacked me for my $1000 per share ($2000 pre-split) price target on Google back when I first put that out there. Going back even further, here's some analysis from my old Telecom Connection Newsletter that we used to publish on TheStreet.com from 2006, ten years ago: Telecom Connection Portfolio Round Up - "Google's gone from being a rebellious problem child in Wall Street's eyes to being the punching bag for a bunch of regulatory bureaucrats on Capitol Hill recently. Meanwhile, the company continues to chug along as single fastest-growing company in the history of capitalism in terms of just about any tangible metric you use, including earnings. The stock popped $25 or so in the last week, but it's still a strong buy in my book." Telecom Connection: Telecom Blasts Off - "Now for the buys. I want to double the Google (GOOG:Nasdaq) position. The stock has dropped about 7% since I added it to the portfolio a couple weeks ago. I believe that's an opportunity to add more because business is strong and Google, the single fastest-growing company in history, is likely to show more huge growth this year." I also mentioned Apple which trading for less than $10 per share, split adjusted at that time - "It's time to double the Apple (AAPL:Nasdaq) position as well. The driver for Apple's stock in 2006 is going to be market share in the computer business, and I think the company is likely to double its market share this year. That means it simply needs to take 2-3 percentage points of market share out of 100 percentage points to get to more than 5% total. At 5% market share, I'd expect the stock to trade at more than $100 a share." Or back even further back to 2005 when I joined Aaron Task on his TheStreet radio show to talk about Google and Apple: Feather in Large Caps - "Willard talked about a 'capital glut' in the U.S., which has kept the economy from collapsing. Additionally, technology companies are experiencing an 'incredible profitability boom,' he said. Those factors have contributed to an increase in merger and acquisition activity, which has reduced the supply of stock in the market. Additionally, Wall Street is starved for good growth stories, which is one reason stocks such as Apple Computer and Google have run so much, he said. Willard, who has owned Apple since the stock was in the single digits, is paring his holdings even though he plans to continue holding the stock well into the next several years, he said. Willard's thesis about Apple is playing out, he said, but with the stock up so much, 'I don't want to be a pig.' Commenting on Google, Willard said the stock is discounting earnings so far out into the future that it is bound to trade wildly. But he plans to hold the stock for years to come." And also from 2005, nearly a dozen years ago: Google Quarterbacks This Game - "More than a year ago when Google's market cap was about $40 billion, when Microsoft rolled out its new Internet search engine to much fanfare and selling of Google stock, I penned a column called Google Targets Microsoft With Desktop Search. That was $80 billion of Google valuation and trillions of user searches ago.With Google at a $120 billion market cap and generating billions of earnings now, there's no doubt that Softee (and every other company on the planet) now has Google fully in its sights. But I still believe investors should 'flip it' when it comes to that analysis. Google still has everyone, including Microsoft, on their heels, and Google's on the offensive rather than the defensive. Internet advertising accounts for less than 10% of all advertising sales now. That percentage will be going to 20% in the next few years and will eventually hit 50% and more in the decades to come. Hundreds of billions of dollars are at play here, and there will be lots of winners. Google has been and most likely will continue to be one." So yeah, I am proud of my analysis and even more proud that I've put my money and career where my mouth was, as I've bet big on Google for so many years now. We were able to look past the near-term trading cycles in Google and position ourselves to ride it into becoming the most valuable company on the planet. Last night, Google reported an absolute blow out quarter with strong topline growth and even stronger bottom line expansion, as I'd expected. Stock up 5-10% after hours, also as I'd predicted. The most exciting part of Google's quarter was that revenue growth actually accelerated from last quarter. Gross revenue accelerated for the 3rd straight quarter to +24% Y/Y. Mobile search is exploding in growth for the company and the combination of mobile and YouTube drove Google Sites paid click growth acceleration to 40% Y/Y. Given how large Google's revenue run rate already was, tens of billions of dollars per year, well, so much for the law of large numbers. Let's not waste our time daytrading, drawing lines on charts, trying to catch a big swing here and there, market timing, reading the tape or whatever else people want you to do with your time and money. You do realize that long-term subscribers to my service are probably the only people on the planet who can say they've owned three out of the four most valuable companies as they grew into these behemoths they are today. Let me quote myself from 2005 to wrap up today's report: "Hundreds of billions of dollars are at play here, and there will be lots of winners. Google (and Apple and Facebook and other positions of ours) has been and most likely will continue to be one." I still plan to hold them for years to come. To get started investing in these names or any other Revolutionary Company, I always suggest starting slowly and scaling into 1/3- or 1/4-sized positions and then nibbling a little more here and there over time. And, of course, my mission is to find and invest early in the next three companies to join the most valuable companies on the planet list. Stay with Trading With Cody as we do so. Rock on. Okay, Cody back in real-time June 2017 here. Let's find the next Google or five! But don't feel like you have to rush into find them today. Steady, patient and opportunistic -- that's what we'll continue to be. And be sure to join me for this week's Trading With Cody Subscriber Live Q&A Conference Call at 2pm ET. I'll be ready to rock n roll and I hope you'll call in live to ask questions, kid with me, or otherwise check in. Join me on the phone (Dial-in: #: 641-715-0700 Access Code: 709981), in the Trading With Cody chat room or just email us your question. This article was written by Cody Willard for http://TradingWithCody.com on . This article published in collaboration with Scutify, the best app for traders and investors. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. < Previous 1 Next > View As One Page Click Here to read the disclaimer > Follow Us On Twitter PRINT   Get The Minyanville Daily Recap Newsletter Stay current on financial news, entertainment, education and smart market commentary. Subscribe   Stay Connected Featured Videos This application requires JavaScript. WHAT'S POPULAR IN THE VILLE 1 Google hits my $1000 price target three years early 2 $ASML Expected To Break Sharply Lower In Coming Week 3 4 Ways a Business Can Find Funding for Growth 4 Strong Bullish Buy Alert On Tenet Healthcare Corp THC 5 Are You Handling Your Drain Cleaning Cable Properly? See All Articles » More From Minyanville   Business News Trading and Investing Sectors Special Features MV PREMIUM MV Education Center Video Buzz & Banter Cooper's Market Report TechStrat Report The Options Strategist Sitemap Contributor Bios Directory of Terms Archive Email Alerts RSS Feeds T3 Live Subscriptions Minyanville Merchandise Company   MinyanLand Minyanville Media Buzz and Banter.com Ruby Peck Foundation About Us Advertise Contact Us Help Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Disclaimers   Follow Minyanville on Facebook   Follow minyanville on Twitter   Follow Minyanville on Linkedin   Subscribe to Our RSS Feed Partners   ©2017 Minyanville Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 Plus 1 on G+ 47 Share on Facebook 29 Share on Twitter Total Shares87 Google News Google has made some pretty great commercials in the past, like the first Pixel ad and the Google Gnome April Fool's joke. The company has created a series of ads for the Google Home, mostly to highlight the Home's temporary price drop, and one of them is... not good. The ad isn't too bad until the end, when the speaker says "And they'll be like 'O.M.G', and you'll be like 'I K-N-O.W'," at which point it entered Fellow Kids territory. The only other ad in the series (for the moment), called 'Celebrity,' isn't too bad though. Tags ad advertisement fellow kids Google how do you do subscribe ... Previous Story Sprint and T-Mobile Galaxy S8 and S8+ receiving updates that bring the May patch, an updated ... ... Next Story Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and ... Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Jimk4003 O.H. D.E.A.R. Luckbuckets Oh hey! Didn't Earnest Ask Ronda thespacecowboy Oh D.E.A.R. Y.O.U. M.E.A.N. ;) but aside from that, google assistant is awesome XerBlade Depending on your perspective, this kind of dumb can be either hilarious or hilariously bad. I, for one, am in the hilarious camp. I think I might be in the target audience for this ad. Tim Harman Yea, it's so stupid that it's funny which I think is what they're going for. I mean, Bruno Mars? Qbancelli Dudes getting worked out about some words spoken in a commercial, lol nxtiak I like the current trend of Google commercials. This has the same voice from the Google Photo Scan app commercial. It's funny. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEyDt0DNjWU Rob Agree with you a lot Willie Chalmers III I like the voice, but what she says annoys me. If Google has determined that this style of advertising increases revenue, I'm okay with it. TechGirl90 Really?......It can always be worse, like this commercial. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Lwh2xA4uvo Gjorgi Lazarovski WHAT. THE. FUCK. dariusmoss i like it? it does a good job showing off some of the neat features.. and if you live in an area populated by a lot of millennial and younger white people, then like literally like saying like a whole lot is like normal. like my boss talks like this and she's like 37. this commercial is targeted at what is a huge demographic where i live.. north dallas tx for the curious Benjamin Lehto Pretty sure that the overuse of the word 'Like', isn't relegated to just younger white millennial's. dariusmoss well sure.. maybe not universally. but, where i live, it most certainly is mostly white millennials and the younger peeps. of course i'm not talking exclusively jcopernicus I like it! craftyorb IT BROKE NEW GROUNDS! ScottColbert Slow news day? Major Sceptic I must be getting old , it just didn't seem funny . vmxr M E H JohnyNoLegs The Apple home alternative will be out in Australia before both the Google Home and Amazon Alexa LOLOLOLOL. Google and Amazon sitting on their products for almost a year, and Apple still beat them haha JD But Machine Learning told them it would be a good idea Indianajonze what was so bad about it? fit with the theme of the ad 100%. i liked it boop I thought it was cute. Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 108 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 109 queries | 0.287s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch Shareholders of Google’s parent company squash plan to disclose its gender pay data The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Hamza Shaban By Hamza Shaban June 7 at 7:02 PM Follow @hshaban Alphabet executive chairman Eric Schmidt was the first person to speak at the shareholders meeting. (Wu Hong/European Pressphoto Agency) For the second year in a row, shareholders of Alphabet, the parent company of Google, voted down a proposal asking the tech giant to publish a report on possible pay disparities between its male and female employees. The vote comes at a time when the company is grappling with a federal lawsuit tied to this very issue and as the tech industry faces heightened scrutiny over gender pay, a lack of diversity and dysfunctional work environments. Under the proposal, the company would measure and disclose how much its female employees make as a percentage of their male counterparts. The plan, put forward by Arjuna Capital, an investment firm, and other co-filers also called for the company to design a policy to tackle any gender pay disparity. “Gender pay disparity is not only one of the biggest social justice issues of our time, it poses a risk to companies' performance, brand, and investor returns,” Natasha Lamb, Arjuna's director of shareholder engagement, said at the meeting. “This issue is particularly salient to the technology industry, which struggles to attract, retain, and move women into positions of leadership,” she said. The board of directors told shareholders that approving the proposal would not be in the best interest of the company or its investors, according to Alphabet's 2017 statement to stockholders. Management pointed to Google's existing diversity reports and internal evaluations as sufficient measures to ensure pay equity among its staff. “Our board of directors does not believe that the proposal would enhance Alphabet's existing commitment to fostering a fair and inclusive culture,” the statement said. Like many of its peers in the tech industry, Google produces an annual report outlining the gender and ethnic makeup of its employees. A vast majority of Alphabet's employees work for Google. But the report doesn't outline gender pay disparities. Sixty-nine percent of the company's global employees are male and 31 percent are female, according to Google' 2016 diversity report, which captured data from the year prior. But it's unclear how much female employees are paid relative to the men. Apple, Amazon.com and Microsoft have reported on their gender pay disparity, with each company claiming a discrepancy near zero. Lamb described Alphabet as a laggard, compared with its peers, when it comes to transparency over gender pay. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, Amazon's chief executive, owns The Washington Post.) Alphabet declined to comment. Arjuna Capital's push for Alphabet to release its gender pay information is part of a broader campaign to address enduring gender discrimination in the American workplace. Within Silicon Valley, which generally views itself as a meritocracy, calls for improving diversity have grown louder as yearly employment reports continue to show leadership teams being dominated by men. The calls also come as accounts of workplace harassment continue to surface. In February, former Uber employee Susan Fowler published a blog post alleging episodes of sexual harassment that she said took place while she worked as an engineer at the company. Since her writing, Uber initiated several internal investigations to examine what Fowler and others described as a toxic work culture. But Uber's sexual harassment controversy is viewed by some not as an outlier but just the latest prominent example of women facing discrimination at work in Silicon Valley. Mountain View, Calif.-based Google is facing a lawsuit from the Labor Department related to unfair gender pay. The Labor Department filed the lawsuit in January after the company refused to turn over compensation data and other info as part of a “routine compliance evaluation,” according to a Labor Department statement released in the same month. Labor Department lawyers have accused Alphabet of underpaying women, finding evidence of “extreme” gender pay discrimination. Google has denied those accusations. In a hearing last month, Alphabet said that it couldn't turn over internal wage data that the department requested because that would cost too much — $100,000 — and require hundreds of hours of work, according to the Guardian. Alphabet is the third major tech company since 2016 to fall under Labor Department scrutiny. Palantir was accused of discriminating against Asian job applicants, and Oracle was sued for engaging in pay discrimination against female employees, as well as Asian and black workers, according to the Guardian. At the shareholder meeting, Lamb also presented a shareholder proposal for Google to analyze its role in the spread of misleading and fabricated news stories. With management's blessing, that proposal also failed. Another plan presented by NorthStar Asset Management would have given stockholders equal voting power. That was defeated, as well. business technology the-switch false after3th true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hamza Shaban covers tech news for The Washington Post. Prior to joining The Post, he worked at Buzzfeed, where he covered tech policy for the past two years, writing about antitrust, free speech, surveillance, cybersecurity and the tension between privacy and security interests. Follow @hshaban 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sideways Dictionary Created by See More Analogies or Add Your Own Sponsored by Sponsored by Most Read 1 ‘I expect loyalty,’ Trump told Comey, according to written testimony 2 A British election campaign that few expected ends in a way that no one could have predicted 3 Islamic State claims new reach into Iran with twin attacks in Tehran 4 Top intelligence official told associates Trump asked him if he could intervene with Comey on FBI Russia probe 5 North Korea slams Trump’s decision to pull out of Paris accord as ‘the height of egotism’ The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Market Watch DJIA 0.18% NASDAQ 0.36% Get quote Last Update: 4:39 PM 06/07/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices Log in Get a demo What we do Who uses WARC Explore Awards WARC 100 News & Opinion Webinars Case Finder Topics Contact us Log in Get a demo Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up War on intrusive ads could change web News, 08 June 2017 Topics Ad blocking NEW YORK: With both Google and Apple taking steps to introduce ad blocking features to their browsers, the tech giants are not only addressing the current concerns of users but also potentially changing the way the web works. Apple has added an ad tracker blocker for its Safari web browser as part of a series of updates of its desktop OS, while Google has confirmed that updates to its Chrome browser early next year will block the most annoying ads that currently plague consumers. Firefox and Opera also offer such features but with Chrome and Safari accounting for two thirds of global browser usage, they are now becoming mainstream. Wired observed that these developments "represent a shift in the way web browsers work", explaining that they were moving from a passive role to an active one. "That means publishers will have to rethink not just their ads but their assumptions about what readers do and don't see when they visit their pages," it said. Apple, for example, is not just blocking cookies to reduce tracking but is also giving users the option to display only the main content of a page. "It means that a page's code could soon act more as a set of suggestions for how browsers should present its content, not a blueprint to be followed as closely as possible," Wired noted. "That doesn't just change the way companies have to think about ads. It changes the relationship between reader and publisher—and between publishers and browser makers." Makers of adblocking software, meanwhile, are sanguine about Google's limited move to block certain ad formats – it is not planning on endangering its main revenue stream – arguing that not only does it not go far enough to meet consumer concerns about intrusive ads but does nothing to meet their worries about tracking and malware. Data sourced from Wired, TechCrunch, Wall Street Journal; additional content by WARC staff Sign up for daily news Latest News Indian Motorcycle taps 'old-school' tactics News War on intrusive ads could change web News The three drivers of customer satisfaction in home improvement News Aussie adland fails to understand ordinary people News WARC Awards: Effective Content shortlist announced News China is mobile marketing trailblazer News CMO priorities shift as media ecosystem hits 'peak complexity' News How Coca-Cola delivers insight at speed View more News and Opinion More from WARC Why we should welcome ad blocking Ad Blocking: Who Blocks Ads, Why and How to Win Them Back What we know about ad blocking Get a demo Topics Ad blocking 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Press Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Quotebank Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Entertainment Business Boardroom Deals Service Providers Tech Law Wall Street E-Commerce Analytics Entertainment Marketing Online Advertising Piracy Search Enterprise IT Applications Cloud Computing Government Infrastructure Mobile BYOD Carriers M-Commerce Mobile Advertising Security Consumer Security Cybercrime Enterprise Security Privacy SMB Social Media Social Media Marketing Social Networks Trends Expert Advice Hot Topics Opinions Trailblazers  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map June 8, 2017 07:08:55 AM PDT E-Commerce Times > Entertainment | Next Article in Entertainment Apple's Risky Gambit to Redefine the Smart Speaker Print Email By David Jones Jun 7, 2017 3:05 PM PT Before Apple launched its long-awaited HomePod smart speaker at its annual developers conference earlier this week, the expectation was that it would unveil a sophisticated Echo killer that would redefine the landscape that Amazon has dominated, with Google playing catch-up. "Just like iPod reinvented music in our pockets, HomePod is going to reinvent music in our homes," Apple SVP Phil Schiller told attendees at the Worldwide Developers Conference. However, while the HomePod appears to be a well-designed, high end treat for loyal iTunes fans, Apple may have missed the mark in terms of creating a category leader that will become the center of the digital living room. "Like any product Apple introduces, it will have unique features because Apple controls everything from the hardware design to the service," said Jim McGregor, principal analyst at Tirias Research. However, "consumers will likely pay a premium in one form or another," he told the E-Commerce Times. "The real question is, can Apple step into this market with the HomePod and establish a dominant position like it did with the Apple Watch?" As a smart speaker, the HomePod appears to be a technically sophisticated market entry. It features seven beam-forming tweeters, an upward facing woofer, and room-sensing technology that allows it to adjust its acoustics, depending on whether the device is at the center of a room or near a wall. It is powered by Apple's A8 chip, the same one that is used in the flagship iPhone. The speaker is sufficiently compact, at just below 7 inches in height, to fit comfortably on a coffee table, bookshelf or entertainment center. The HomePod is designed to work with the Apple Music library, which has access to 40 million tracks and already knows the preferences of millions of consumers that stream their music through Apple. Using the Siri built-in digital assistant, the speaker can deliver news, weather and sports, set reminders, send messages, and perform other tasks. Customers with Apple's HomeKit can use the HomePod to control lights and thermostats, open garage doors and secure door locks. Despite the wide capabilities of HomePod, Apple so far has not indicated that it will open the smart speaker ecosystem to third-party developers. Rather, the company seems intent on promoting the HomePod as a breakthrough audio device. Crowded Market The market for smart speakers is fairly new. Almost 11 million U.S. consumers own an Alexa-powered digital assistant speaker from Amazon, including the Echo, the Echo Dot and the Amazon Tap, according to Michael Levin, a partner at Consumer Intelligence Research Partners. The brand has exploded since its 2014 launch, with consumer awareness increasing from about 20 percent in March of 2015 to about 86 percent by March 2017, according to CIRP. Amazon sold a whopping 2.5 million units during the first quarter of this year, the firm estimated. The low-cost Echo Dot accounts for 52 percent of the Echo units in use -- in many cases in multiple rooms of the same household. Apple's HomePod will be a serious contender in the smart-speaker market, said Mark Beccue, principal analyst at Tractica, but he added that unless it "proves to be a superior high-end" speaker system, its US$349 price will need to come down. "The really compelling market for Apple will be current Apple users who can leverage the Apple ecosystem -- iTunes and the App Store -- for their speakers," Beccue told the E-Commerce Times. "iTunes and Apple Music provide a proven and leverageable content play for Apple with the Homepod." Apple likely will widen and enhance the Siri SDK for developers in the App Store, he said. Apple has taken a slightly different tack than Amazon and Google by positioning the HomePod as a high-end acoustic device that will appeal to the audiophile, suggested Paul Erickson, senior analyst for the connected home at IHS Markit. "The depth of commands available for music playback utilizing Siri's voice interface trump that of Google and Amazon," he told the E-Commerce Times. "Given that music is one of several fundamental, high-utilization use cases for smart speakers, it is keenly targeted differentiation by Apple -- and a highlight of a competitive weakness of its competitors." Still, Apple may have a hard time moving a significant number of units, given that Amazon's Echo is priced at $179 and the Amazon Dot at $49, while Google's Home is a modest $129, Erickson pointed out. Considering likely seasonal promotions by rivals and third-party hardware costs, the HomePod could cost anywhere from two to eight times more than the competition. Apple will be more competitive at the higher end of the spectrum, Erickson suggested. The HomePod launch represents a "shot across the bow" at Sonos, which is a long-favored choice of iOS music enthusiasts for multiroom audio, he noted. HomePod will be a challenger in Sonos territory, Erickson said, based on its cost, audio quality, selling proposition, decor-neutral styling, and automatic audio adjustment for the room. It is similar to Sonus PLAY 5, the flagship smart speaker that the company launched in 2015, he pointed out. Never Scared For its part, Sonos doesn't appear to be unnerved. The company last year partnered with Amazon on a software integration through the Alexa Voice Service SDK, which allows customers with an Alexa-enabled device to control their Sonos sound system. Sonos last year also announced partner integrations with several connected home providers, including Crestron, a developer of lighting, audiovisual and energy control software; Control4, a smart home software developer; and Deutsche Telecom's home automation platform Qivicon. "It's great to see Apple and other big tech companies join our mission to fill every home with music," Sonos said, in a statement provided to the E-Commerce Times by spokesperson Dane Estes. "Since we're partners with all of them and agnostic in our approach, every innovation they bring to market enhances Sonos home sound systems." Sonos will continue to build integrations that make it easy to add Sonos products to other devices, including voice assistants, the company said. Flying somewhat under the radar, Harman Kardon is coming out with its own entry in the smart speaker category: Invoke, which uses Microsoft's Cortana digital assistant technology. It's expected this fall. Invoke's capabilities, including its Sonique far-field voice technology, are similar to those of the Sonos and Apple speakers. There are seven microphones, three woofers, and three tweeters on the cylindrical device, offering what Harman Kardon considers true 360-degree sound. The speaker is integrated with Skype, which Microsoft is promoting as a benefit for hands-free calling to landlines, mobile phones and other Skype-enabled devices. Amazon hasn't been sitting on its hands in terms of innovation either. It recently announced two new additions to the Echo line: the Echo Look, a fashion assistant that is available by invitation only; and the Echo Show, a touchscreen device scheduled for release later this month. The company this spring ceded to partner demands by making the Alexa 7-Mic Far Field Development Kit available to third-party hardware makers who wanted to build far-field voice operated products faster. Making sure to protect the integrity of its ecosystem, Amazon has made the kit available to commercial developers on an exclusive, invitation-only basis. Google recently added additional features to Home, including appointment scheduling and hands-free calling. It has entered streaming music partnerships with Spotify, SoundCloud and Deezer. Google also has 70 smart home partners working with Google Home and Android phones, including Honeywell, Logitech and August locks. David Jones is a freelance writer based in Essex County, New Jersey. He has written for Reuters, Bloomberg, Crain's New York Business and The New York Times. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by David Jones Reader Comments Be the first to comment! Related Stories With Audio Focus, Apple Side-Steps Smart Speaker Competition Jun 6, 2017 Amazon Adds Show to Echo's Tell May 10, 2017 News Alerts Google Activate Alert | Search Archives Skype Activate Alert | Search Archives Android Activate Alert | Search Archives Create Your Own News Alerts More in Entertainment Rumored Apple Plans Hint at Smart Speaker Battle Ahead Plex Advances Cord-Cutting Case With Live OTA TV Microsoft Partners Heed Mixed-Reality Call Facebook's Original Programming Plans Take Shape Microsoft's Mixer Could Shake Up the Streaming Game Comcast Rolls the Dice With Xfinity Instant TV Free Newsletters from ECT News Network Don't Miss a Story. Get the Latest Headlines Delivered to Your Inbox. Tech News Flash Daily - View Sample E-Commerce Minute Daily - View Sample ECT News Network Weekly Newsletter - View Sample Editor's Pick - View Sample View All More by David Jones Alphabet Jumps on the $1K-a-Share Train Amazon Shares Hit Milestone as E-Commerce Battle Heats Up Google Brings Machine Learning to Online Marketing Assessment New GitHub Marketplace Showcases Integrators, Speeds Development Snap Stock Snaps Back - for the Moment Softbank Vision Fund Attracts $93B From Gulf States, Apple, Others Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts Which of Apple's new or updated products excites you the most? GPUs and displays iMac Pro watchOS 4 macOS High Sierra iOS 11 iPad Pro HomePod Vote to See Results TechNewsWorld Metis CDS Debbie Berebichez to Women in STEM: Chase Your Dreams Apple's iOS 11 Makes Siri a More Natural Woman... and Man With Audio Focus, Apple Side-Steps Smart Speaker Competition The Max-Q: The Coolest Thing Out of Computex Tech Titans Pledge Continued Paris Accord Support Plex Advances Cord-Cutting Case With Live OTA TV Microsoft Partners Heed Mixed-Reality Call Android Creator Launches a Phone of His Own CRM Buyer The [xxx] Economy Managing Commissions to Boost Sales Productivity Zuora VP Matt Darrow: The Intelligence of the Subscription Model Salesforce Offers Alternative to Old-School Partner Portals The Subscription Economy's Maturation Building a Sales Team by the Numbers Helpshift Integrates With Salesforce Genesys Launches G-Nine CX Framework LinuxInsider Open Source Survey Exposes Community Troubles BitKey Unlocks Mysteries of the Bitcoin Universe Hacking and Linux Go Together Like 2 Keys in a Key Pair MariaDB Offers a Bigger Box of Transactional Tools New GitHub Marketplace Showcases Integrators, Speeds Development Red Hat Linux Upgrade Pushes New Security, Automation Tools Android at the Wheel: Google Aims for One Vehicle Ecosystem Feren OS: A Linux Desktop Game-Changer E-Commerce Times Headlines E-Commerce Times Amazon Courts Low-Income Customers With Deep Prime Discount Seeding the Next Generation of Consultancies Alphabet Jumps on the $1K-a-Share Train Rumored Apple Plans Hint at Smart Speaker Battle Ahead PCs Shine Again, but for How Long? Facebook's Original Programming Plans Take Shape Amazon Shares Hit Milestone as E-Commerce Battle Heats Up SC Ruling Signals New Era for Software Patent Enforcement Inside E-Commerce Times Cloud Computing Google Pushes AI, Machine Learning to the Front Veeva Offers Cross-Stack Customer Insights Microsoft Debuts Smarter Cloud at Build Enterprise IT Kaspersky to US: Check Our Source Code How Deep Learning Could Fix Trump and Healthcare Report: Cybersecurity Dangerously Lax at Mar-a-Lago Exclusives A Better World President MarySue Hansell: Getting Real With a Virtual Do-Good Game EquiSeq CEO Lexi Palmer: Act Like You're Not Scared and Go at It GIT CEO Adriana Gascoigne: More Women in Tech Means More Problems Solved Expert Advice CloudCraze EVP Andrew Witherspoon: For Successful B2B, Set Aside Expectations Outreach CEO Manny Medina: Selling Success Oro CEO Yoav Kutner: Getting a Sense of Your Customer Hot Topics John Oliver's Viewers Flood FCC Site With Net Neutrality Concerns Qualcomm May Seek iPhone Ban to Retaliate Against Apple Congress Probes United Airlines' Customer Mishandling Marketing Google Brings Machine Learning to Online Marketing Assessment E-Commerce Gets the Einstein Treatment Marketing Firm Zeta Global Turns Heads With $140M Funding Round Mobile Main Surface Pro Improvements Are Beneath the Surface Getting Serious About Teen Smartphone Addiction Snap Stock Snaps Back - for the Moment Security Leaked Docs Spotlight Complexity of Moderating Facebook Content Intertwining Artificial Intelligence With Blockchain Crate.io Packs New Features, Services Into DB Upgrade SMB Dell's 'Alice' Will Guide Women Through VC Wonderland Nutshell CTO Andy Fowler: Good CRM Tools Stay Out of the Way Red Hat Pilots New Program to Ease Digital Transformation Social Media New Deals Turn Twitter's Content Stream Into a River Instagram Snaps Up Rivals' Users Internet Giants Ramp Up Fake News Defenses Spotlight Features The Grim Upward Trajectory of Mobile Fraud Risks Traversing the Social Media Minefield China's Business-Unfriendly Cybersecurity Stance Trends Will Future Autonomous Cars Fly Like Birds or Tunnel Like Moles? Comcast Rolls the Dice With Xfinity Instant TV 3 Ways Your Sales Organization Should Prepare for AI Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2017 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Hump Day Deals: Cheap TVs, 40% Off Phones, Dick Smith EOFY Sale How Much Money You Need To Make To Move To Your Dream US City Apple Just Added One More Way To Repay Your Friends 16 Tax Deductions You Might Be Able To Claim This EOFY Home Make A Super Bomb Onion Dip Without A Mix Add Used Tea Bags To The Bottom Of Pots To Feed Plants How To Follow Donald Trump's Tweets Without Following Donald Trump Lumo Energy Fined By ACCC For Misleading Customers, Again Entertainment E3 2017: Your Guide To Watching E3 Live In Australia Why I Refuse To Feel Guilty For Torrenting Game Of Thrones How Apple's New Siri Speaker Compares To Sonos And Echo Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? Travel Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' Stop Saying 'Rate Of Speed' Travel Hacker: How To Plan The Perfect Travel Itinerary This Crash Between A 2015 And A 1998 Toyota Corolla Shows How Far Car Safety Has Come Health Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule We Can Be Easily Tricked Into Liking Bad Wine 16 Ways To Be A Better Person (That Require Almost No Effort) Design Learn Game Animation With These Pixel Art GIFs Need Selfie Tips? Ask A Neural Network With This App, You Can Finally Trust Photos Again  Sketchar Is An Augmented-Reality App For Wannabe Graffiti Artists Work Productivity I'm Katia Beauchamp, Birchbox Co-Founder And CEO, And This Is How I Work  Getting Things Done, Ten Years In How To Self-Publish A Book Change Your Screen To Greyscale To Combat Phone Addiction Communicate Six 'Secret' iPhone Codes That Unlock Extra Features Your NBN Connection Might Be Getting A Speed Boost 9 Books Everyone Should Read Before They Turn 30 Apple's New MacBooks And iMacs: Australian Pricing And Release Dates Organise Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions How To Save Storage Space On iOS 11 Briefly: EB Games Sales, Australian Survivor 2, Creepy Wonder Woman Briefly: Lifeguard Video Test, Target's Game Sale, Bitcoin Price Surge Career How To Grow Your Business Faster By Becoming A Better Leader We're Hiring A Publisher At Allure Media Ask LH: How Can I Learn To Work With A New Boss? What It Takes To Be A Kickarse Car Designer At Just 23 Business Travel Engineers Are Not Mechanics US Visa Applications Now 'Request' Social Media Information Lounge Hacker: Ten Airport Lounges You Need To Experience At Least Once Uber Price Hike: Here's How Much More You'll Pay In Each Australian City Security When It Comes To Ransomware, It's Sometimes Best To Pay Up Protect Your Data By Using Single Sign-On Whenever Possible  Experts Speak: How Trump's Paris Accord Exit Hurts Us All Ask LH: Am I Allowed To Booby Trap My Thumb Drive? Small Business & Startups How To Take Advantage Of The $20,000 Small Business Tax Break Five Life Lessons You Can Learn From Successful Corporations Free Report Download: Best Practices For Salespeople In The Social Era Elevator Pitch: DisruptSports IT Pro Cloud Dropbox Announces Local PoP For Performance Boost OpenStack Foundation Says We Are At A Cloud Tipping Point Outlook Email Down: Hope You Can Still Get To MySpace Microsoft To Use DNA To Store Data In The Cloud IT Career Apply For A Job In 8 Seconds When Is It Worth Keeping A Job You Hate? Working With A Mentor Is A Process, Not Just An Accomplishment How To Deal With Weird Job Interview Questions IT Security Kaspersky Expands Legal Battle With Microsoft Over Anticompetitive Behaviour How Modern Printer Technology Outed An NSA Leaker Britney Spears Instagram Used In Cyber Attack The ACDC Act: Should You Be Allowed To Hack The Hackers? Developer Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off GitHub Enterprise 2.10 Adds New Dev and Project Management Tools Was There Anything For Developers At WWDC? .NET Standard 2.0, Summarised In A Giant Microsoft Poster Deployment 5 Things You Need To Do To Prepare For A Media Interview Apple Expanding Screen Repair Program With More Horizon Machines Catch Group Readies For the Amazon Onslaught IBM Deliver Massive Power In Tiny Package Servers Get 12 Linux And Open Source eBooks For $US15 In Humble's Book Bundle Companies Are Creating So Much Data, It Has To Be Shipped In Trucks Synology Boosts VM Support With New Virtual Machine Manager Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers 16 Ways To Be A Better Person (That Require Almost No Effort) Lovehacker: My Boyfriend's Hair Fetish Is Tearing Me Apart How To Grow Your Business Faster By Becoming A Better Leader Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? Five Life Lessons You Can Learn From Successful Corporations Adam Dachis Jun 8, 2017, 8:30am ⋅ Filed to:  clips leadership psychology Share When you think of good role models, businesses probably aren't your first thought but you may be surprised by the wisdom they have to offer. After all, we often learn a lot from their leaders. A select few can teach us quite a bit about how to have fruitful, happy and successful lives. Images by Millisenta (Shutterstock), Oregon Live, Lorelyn Medina (Shutterstock), Pta Pta (Shutterstock) and Svinkin (Shutterstock). Some of the examples I'll discuss here are famous worldwide; others have a more limited range. But all have something to teach us. Google: Experiment Often Google has a reputation for working a little differently than other companies. It keep its teams to smaller, more manageable sizes. It creates workplaces full of amenities. It has been known to encourage experimentation through something called 20 per cent time. What does that mean and what have people accomplished with it? The New York Times offers an explanation in a profile of how the privilege works: Google engineers are encouraged to take 20 per cent of their time to work on something company-related that interests them personally. This means that if you have a great idea, you always have time to run with it. It sounds obvious, but people work better when they're involved in something they're passionate about, and many cool technologies have their origins in 20 per cent time, including Gmail, Google News and even the Google shuttle buses that bring people to work at the company's headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. Last year Google decided to place limitations on 20 per cent time, but it seems that didn't kill the practice like everyone thought it would. It inspired their employees to continue experimenting, and many technology corporations adopted the same idea in their workplaces. The idea of 20 per cent time continues to thrive because experimentation is important and it leads to great, new things. No matter how mundane and regimented your life, you need to take time to experiment and try different things. This doesn't mean developing the next Gmail in your time off, but rather trying something new, strange or uncomfortable. Give yourself the privilege of having an idea and following through on it. It may not become a worldwide phenomenon, but you'll end up a lot happier if you continue to learn and show yourself new possibilities. Voodoo Doughnut: Find Confidence, Embrace Your Weird Side Naturally, a life lesson about being weird comes from a company in Portland, Oregon. Voodoo Doughnut offers one of the most extensive and strange selections of baked items you'll ever find, ranging from the "orangatang doughnut" (with actual tang in it) and "triple chocolate penetration doughnut". Until the FDA stepped in, it created a few that contained Robitussin, Nyquil and Pepto-Bismol. You'd think something that awful would turn people away, but the company found success because they were willing to accept their strangeness and put it out into the world. In a look at Voodoo Doughnut's success, Copyblogger found it had little to do with the quality of their product but everything to do with how memorable it was: Do they taste better than other doughnuts? If you've been pining for bacon or breakfast cereal on your doughnuts, I guess so. Otherwise, they're a lot like everyone else's doughnuts: delicious for two bites, and then you start to hate yourself. But if you go to Voodoo once, you want to talk about it. It makes for a great story that their customers love to tell. Furthermore, you become memorable because you know exactly who you are and who you aren't: Part of being memorable is knowing who you don't serve. It's not (necessarily) about being as offensive as your imagination can inspire. It's about writing off the people who aren't right for you and never will be. It's about more than weirdness. We're all a little weird, but some of us show it more than others. To be weird and let people judge you for who you are, you need to be honest and confident. These qualities are at the core of why Voodoo Doughnut has success and why they make good qualities for individuals as well. I've often been a topic of conversation in the same way as the doughnut shop because I do a lot of weird things. I make a habit of it, in fact, because — as previously noted — it's important to experiment and learn more about the world around you. I believe if you try to be honest and forthcoming, you'll attract the kinds of people who want to be around you. You'll repel at least as many, but that's the cost of meaningful relationships. You don't have to be any stranger than you are. The goal is to find confidence in yourself and what matters to you, then be honest about it. If you happen to be really weird like a Robitussin-filled doughnut, people will still love you anyway. Apple: Stay Positive You can love or hate Apple's magical, revolutionary marketing tactics, but you can't deny they're effective. The incredibly successful company found its place at the top not just because it made some good gadgets, but because it shared its work with blinding optimism. Apple is so well known for this, people openly mock the company for overselling itself or just sounding a little silly. Still, positivity has a massive effect on how we process information. We may know Apple likes to exaggerate, but just hearing its repeated positive language can actually improve our mood. (Of course, there are some of you out there that feel exactly the opposite way — nothing is perfect.) For example, watch this video simply parodying Apple's marketing style and try not to want to eat a KitKat afterwards: Positive communication breeds positive feelings. Many people are highly suggestible, but a positive effect is often planted regardless of the outcome. You can't feel positive all of the time, but you can make an effort to see the upsides of everything and show gratitude. Both of these approaches can help you feel better and happier. Just don't fake it. Like Apple, you have to believe in the positive things you say. Find those silver linings instead of fabricating a more ideal reality. Panera Bread: Break The Rules For The Right Reasons Rules were written to be followed, but most of us know that you ought to break them when it's the right thing to do. Most companies don't feel that way, but Panera Bread has found success in making exceptions for good reasons. You may remember a kindness Panera paid to Gail Cook when her Facebook post went viral. Here's her story: My grandmother is passing soon with cancer. I visited her the other day and she was telling me about how she really wanted soup, but not hospital soup because she said it tasted "awful" she went on about how she really would like some clam chowder from Panera. Unfortunately Panera only sells clam chowder on Friday. I called the manager Sue and told them the situation. I wasn't looking for anything special just a bowl of clam chowder. Without hesitation she said absolutely she would make her some clam chowder. When I went to pick it up they wound up giving me a box of cookies as well. It's not that big of a deal to most, but to my grandma it meant a lot. I really want to thank Sue and the rest of the staff from Panera in Nashua NH just for making my grandmother happy. Thank you so much! Articles were written about Panera Bread and what it did in this specific situation later on, explaining how this wasn't out of the ordinary for the company. As a business, its rule isn't give away food but they encourage their employees to make exceptions when it seems like the right thing to do. There's no chain of command to consult. Instead, you're empowered to make your own choices. Sometimes, in life, the rules just don't make sense. Sometimes you have to follow them anyway because the consequences of rebellion are worse than keeping quiet, but other times disobedience is necessary. When you can do a good thing and it doesn't take much risk, don't hesitate to break the rules. A small thing can make an enormous difference in someone's life. Tasty Brand And Amazon: Make Choices That Solve Problems It isn't hard to jump on a trend and make a quick buck in the world. I've seen enough Bluetooth speakers and USB batteries to know how many replicate rather than create. While there aren't many new ideas left in the world, it's not necessary to reinvent the wheel. You just need to make something that actually solves a problem. The founders of Tasty Brand looked at children's food options and found they were either unhealthy or unappealing. They decided to start a company to solve both problems and now offer healthy, naturally-sourced foods that actually taste good. When Amazon began, it set out to solve multiple problems. Online shopping was a somewhat new idea at the time, but the goal was bigger: to become the most customer-centric retailer in existence. Amazon not only solved the problem of easier shopping, but has continued to find ways to make every aspect of buying almost anything less painful for the consumer. Tasty Brand and Amazon are not the only companies to emerge as a solution to a problem — not by a long shot. Most successful companies, including the others in this post, started because they wanted to contribute something good to the world. While we can't say that about every brand, we can about many. Of all the lessons to take away from successful businesses, this one proves itself more times than anything else: make choices to solve problems, not just to make choices. In our personal lives, we're confronted with decision making all the time. It's stressful and we're bad at it. We still have to make them, of course, but it helps to have some guidance for each one. When you consider your options, choose based on whether or not the outcome will solve a problem. This may seem obvious, but because of the stressful nature of the process we often don't have the willpower to choose effectively. When you can't decide, opt for the productive option. Even when things don't work out perfectly, you'll always know you made an effort to put something good into the world. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Why I Refuse To Feel Guilty For Torrenting Game Of Thrones Mark Serrels 08 Jun 2017 9:00 AM One year ago my brother in-law and I made a decision. We wanted to do the right thing. We wanted to try and pay to watch Game of Thrones season 5. Analyse that sentence for a second. I’ll add some italics for emphasis. “We wanted to try and pay to watch Game of Thrones.” Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? Chris Jager 07 Jun 2017 11:30 AM Foxtel has announced a revamped high-definition video streaming service dubbed Foxtel Now - and it's priced competitively with Stan and Netflix. With subscriptions starting at just $10 per month, it's a far cry from the company's prohibitively expensive Pay TV offerings. (In fact, it's actually cheaper than Netflix's HD tiers which start at $11.99.) But what do you actually get for your ten dollarydoos? Does Foxtel Now include Game Of Thrones? Do you still need to add a bunch of additional packs to make it worthwhile? We take a look at the prices, inclusions and your frequently asked questions. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off Deals: Upgrade Your Shower Experience With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: Get This VPN For 90% Off Trending Articles 1 Why I Refuse To Feel Guilty For Torrenting Game Of Thrones 2 Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? 3 E3 2017: Your Guide To Watching E3 Live In Australia Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons Universal Studios Japan Gets A Super Mario Bros. Stage The New Darth Vader Comic Gives Us A Much Better Version Of Revenge Of The Sith's Infamous 'Noooo!' A Look Inside The New Sci-Fi Comic Mark Wahlberg Wants To Turn Into A Movie Franchise  Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' Apple's original logo looks nothing like it does today -- here's how it's changed One photo reveals the answer to everyone's biggest question about James Comey Nintendo's bringing 'Super Nintendo World' to Universal Studios -- here's a first look The line for the Comey hearing is blocks long © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Minority Report] Google and Coca-Cola may target personalized ads at you - in real life Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/10 11:27am PDTMay 10, 2017 23 Plus 1 on G+ 46 Share on Facebook 50 Share on Twitter Total Shares119 News Videos Google and Coca-Cola's partnership effort for in-store advertising displays looks to be bearing fruit. The advertising system uses DoubleClick's preference and tracking data combined with Google's Beacon Platform to serve up targeted ads by pulling data from passing smartphones. With that info, displays are able to select content based on your preferences in the form of advertisements specifically targeted to passersby. In a recent grocery store pilot program the Minority Report-style ads performed quite very well. This isn't actually that new. It was discussed at a few places in the last couple months since the details were revealed at Google's conference. But, it seems to have quite effectively flown under the radar for that time, considering how cool it is. Coca-Cola made a detailed post about it on one of their social promotion sites in April as well, in which they talked about the potential environments for these tracking signage systems, like movie theaters and other Retail venues than just grocery stores. Google's partnership with Coca-Cola for this system has been discussed off-and-on for a few years. Back at the National Automatic Merchandising Association's OneShow in 2016 Google talked about the potential as applied to vending machines, and said that Google and Coca-Cola were working together on Bluetooth beacons for vending, but this is the first time I've actually gotten to see what it looks like and how it performs. Coca-Cola's Greg Chambers, at Google's recent Cloud Next Conference, said that it has been experimenting with small tests into proximity marketing since at least 2015 when they first started working with Google on a prototype. The two companies tested things with a pilot for the system in 250 Albertson's grocery stores, in which Coca-Cola saw some incredible results. There was a one year ROI on Coca-Cola products displayed by the system, and a spillover effect from so-called "category-lift," in the form of a total one-month ROI for all nearby soda products — i.e., this system sells a lot of soda for Coca-Cola and all other brands near it. There's no word yet on when or how Coca-Cola might roll this out to other stores, but given how positive the results were for the pilot tests, it is likely you'll see one someday at the end of the soda aisle in your local grocery. On a more technical note, I'm not sure exactly what sort of data is being sent to the displays by nearby phones or how it is taken. Allegedly the system uses Google's Eddystone beacons, which exchange information with nearby phones using Bluetooth low energy. This is the first time I've heard of Google's Beacon Platform actually being used, combined with DoubleClick's targeting advertising systems, to target people in the physical world. The privacy-conscious might express some concern at the potential of having your phone communicate your preferences to an in-store display, but I would hope and assume that any identifying information is stripped out. Either way, we're one step closer to this. Source: Digital Strategy Consulting Tags beacon platform beacons bluetooth low energy Coca-Cola Eddystone Targeted advertisements video subscribe ... Previous Story T-Mobile SyncUP DRIVE now supports up to 24 cars ... Next Story Netflix updated to v5.0 with HDR video for LG G6 Trending 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Dallas King Screw commercials and advertisements: I don't need the media constantly telling me what I should and shouldn't buy. athorax Media here, yes you do. Anu6is Stop being absurd, how else would you know what you NEED? WesleySmalls Actually, you do. People require social interaction, it's a very strong part of our being. Humans generally don't like to be alone, and very much can't over longer periods of time. Because of this, people tend to follow each other's example in one way or another, advertising is just one of the many examples Ben Yeah, your phone communicating with a vending machine to give you personalised advertisements is not in any way 'social interaction'. WesleySmalls I did not say anything about that, it wasn't even remotely close, nor was the post I commented on. But of course, else you had to actually comment on my actual post, and realize that it's true that people follow other people Prezes Dyrektor But you are making it sound like advertising is indispensable in our lives. Well guess what, ads is the reason why I cut cable tv, they don't have those fancy adblockers. Ads is the reason I mostly listen to local academic radio without any. Etc. Ads and marketing are evil, and we are being manipulated every day. Now excuse me as I run to grab some sugar soda and candy. xyz Your second sentence was "People require social interaction". It seems you didn't bother reading your own comment. WesleySmalls Indeed, that was a art of my comment, which was a reply to a comment that wasnt about any digital technologies. Ryne Hager https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKlSVNxLB-A xyz "Humans generally don't like to be alone, and very much can't over longer periods of time." Right, that's why we have these things called friends and family. I mean if ads are your way making the loneliness go away, good for you. WesleySmalls It wasnt really difficult to grasp that advertisement uses these relationships and human behavior to advertise their product Avishek GSkynet: Resistance is Futile https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/eceea630e7e43621ded725c3914bdc7a06d9b153943c3512fb6b0f0eeff75d71.png Bryan Does it just give a different Coke commercial based on my tastes? Or are people going to start getting ads for the sex toys they have in their amazon cart? Bane✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ There's one way to find out. Add some (more) sex toys to your Amazon cart and then go grocery shopping! Deannalshepherd Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !ss165c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !ss165c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs455DirectToolGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ss165c:....,....... Ryne Hager I actually haven't seen one in my area yet, when I go out west in a month I'll see if I can drop by an Albertson's. Carlos Rodríguez So, you have sex toys in your cart, right? Ryne Hager Obviously not enough sex toys, if you're questioning that. Carlos Rodríguez “( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)” yochanan Albertson's are now all Safeway's, FYI. Ryne Hager Albertson's acquired Safeway back in 2015, indeed. yochanan Right, but it wasn't until fairly recently (at least in Northern CO) that Albertsons stores have been converted into Safeway's. Tee Albertsons is the parent company. They own Safeway, Star, Acme, Shaws, Pavillions, Randalls, Jewel Osco, etc. etc. Francesco Lorenzet i suppose they will have a whitelist Bane✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Well, I'm a blank slate to advertising. I might as well be a ghost. I block all ads, turn off all targeted options everywhere, and never click on any. I guess I'll have to turn off Bluetooth when I'm in stores now too. Fadakar lol if you think your record is clean you need to re-evaluate how seriously you want to take privacy. James F This. People underestimate how much of a digital footprint they leave, even if they do turn off everything. EowynCarter True. And if they are, they wouldn't show me ads for coca cola, I just don't like that. And sodas in general. Cakefish Agreed, if I have to endure advertising it might as well be about products that actually interest me. Bewear I am a fan of your picture edits, Ryne. Ryne Hager What a coincidence, I am also a fan of your work. I kept a Bewear in my party for most of Moon. Anu6is lol! Lord Argyris My party was boring. Two of them were from Gen I, and apart from my starter, only one other member was from Gen VII. Now really, Nintendo should get in on this whole Coke-Google partnership thing. Maybe put something in their 3DS games that ties into this advertising platform. "Oh, so you're raising a bunch of Fire-type Pokemon. I'll bet you're feeling pretty hot right about now. Know what would cool you right down? A nice, ice cold COKE." Ryne Hager I mean, with the launch event Munchlax and Munchlax/Snorlax available on the first island, who in their right mind didn't take a Gen I Snorlax to end game. Michael Oghia I came here just to give you a +1 for Hypno Toad. Steve Actually noticed this happening to me recently when near the vending machine at my job. Guessing the capabilities will be endless and more diverse when full-on set-ups are placed everywhere. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/7ea9fde9939850ddee856f08d34c3e8a98a6c90461c779f049060ec4e655b8c6.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/f87dc3afe5a1492c33e179552b9fcf3259d388ef4a1a6cfed7951d9612faeae6.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/da689e538e0681368f0ef1dac408a796aa111781564a9ded426c4639fbeab351.jpg F4LL0U7 Disabling Nearby will disable invasive ads, you say? Done! Morten Ulv Google usually have a way to opt out. james fuston https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPGgTy5YJ-g Ben Nothing better than a new way to sell people tooth-rotting, diabetes-causing sugar water. Nicholas Conrad *This* is the gateway to AR! Aing actual R; genius! abqnm Are these connected to the "Nearby" activity in Google Settings? (Which also interestingly enough at some point has earned the ability to add the Nearby activity directly to the homescreen. Don't know when it appeared as I don't open that screen often, but it's now an option in the overflow menu.) James F Beacons typically use Bluetooth. abqnm Yes, and Google's Nearby uses Bluetooth LE scanning and Play Services location. But with Google being a part of it, I'm asking if it is directly related to the Nearby function. I am not asking for how beacons typically work. MJ Double checked BT is off on my phone... The only time ever use it is when play music on a BT speaker which I don't do when grocery shopping. "With that info, displays are able to select content based on your preferences in the form of advertisements specifically targeted to passersby" How does these ads work exactly? I am not watching a 54min video. Dedren You don't need bluetooth on per say. It just uses that tech. I believe you will have to enable Nearby places, which is disabled by default but will probably be enabled by default in the future. MJ Nearby places will not be going on... F4LL0U7 I'm not sure they could develop an ad that's targeted enough to get me to buy Coke. F4LL0U7 I guess I might consider it if the vending machine held a family member hostage or something. James F I don't know if I should be concerned that you said *might* consider it.... F4LL0U7 What can I say, I'm just not very receptive to ads. Dedren What about Water, Sprite, SimplyOrange, Powerade, Minute Maid? Surely one of those you drink...all Coke. F4LL0U7 I mean, of course I drink water, but I get it from the filtered pitcher in my fridge. No to the others. xyz You regularly purchase water from the Coca-Cola company? May I also say, I've never heard of SimplyOrange and Powerade. I had no idea that diabetes and obesity came in so many flavors. Adrian quickest way to turn me off on a product. Bluetooth is only on in my car anyway so good luck with it. As soon as someone figures out how to spoof it and annoy people in public, it will go away. Max Johnson I thought it's been NFC and GPS all this time. At least from my Android Pay app. Adrian I don't leave either on when I'm not using them so it's probably a non-issue for me then. blindexecutioner I would literally break my phone if I got an ad as I walked by a pop machine (or whatever) if I couldn't opt out of it of course.. I would switch to iOS that day. If it happened on iOS I would stop using smart phones altogether. tehboogieman You could just turn off bluetooth. Or you know, there's your way rndusrnm479461 iOS also supports this same thing. rndusrnm479461 I've read the whole article and even watched some of that video and I still don't get it - what do your "preferences" affect in the ads? How will it affect what the ad displays? Does it just play the ad you're more likely to prefer from 5 different ads? I'm confused... Why is such system necessary for something simple like coke? Would make more sense for a bus stop ad or other kinds of billboards. Joey1058 I hate to tell you folks this, but I've been out in the wilderness preaching this for at least a good 10 years, if you go by my 2007 blog post: http://joey1058.blogspot.com/2007/07/robots-dreams-is-vending-machine-robot.html Cakefish ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD!!! xyz Damn, you got me. I have no choice now but to buy a Pepsi. psuedonymous "On a more technical note, I'm not sure exactly what sort of data is being sent to the displays by nearby phones or how it is taken." BLE Beacons are transmit-only. In order for a piece of ad signage to get any information from you, the chain works like this: BLE beacon emits location. Phone detects beacon, is informed that it is near location. Software on phone then queries backend platform (Google's Beacon platform in this case) to see if there is anything it needs to do with this new knowledge. This could be displaying a popup message, or in this case the phone itself does nothing. Instead, since Google's service has learnt your phone is near a beacon (geographically it cares not, this is logical nearness rather than necessarily physical nearness) so contacts the beacon owner with "Anonuser is nearby who hits your preset filter for Target users" (e.g. users who like coke, users who are above a certain age, users who have not previously pinged this beacon, etc). 'Anonuser' could be a unique but nonpersonal hash, a semi-persistant hash (e.g. for each ad client only), a time-limited persistant hash (e.g. valid for only a certain period before changing, probably just for the single proximity session), or just no hash at all so the ad client cannot track individual users. There may be an avenue for the ad client to pass a message back to google who can then pass it onto the user, without the ad client knowing who the user is. Vivek Rameses Just die already you greedy cocksuckers. (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ Completely unrelated, but speaking of Minority Report it was one of the best movies I've seen. Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Popular television progress tracker TV Show Favs is testing a new material design layout 2017/06/07 11:11am PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 106 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.628s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 37 Plus 1 on G+ 159 Share on Facebook 40 Share on Twitter Total Shares236 Carriers Google News Last week Sprint and Rogers announced that users sending messages between the two carriers will be able to make use of RCS. RCS, of course, is the new standard to replace SMS that Google committed to back in 2015. So far each carrier seems to have its own idea for how RCS should work. But Google's recent work in cross-carrier communication is a big step towards ubiquity, and thanks to the tech behind this latest interconnect other carriers can more easily get in on the RCS action. We are deploying a "hub" model, so that carriers can interconnect to the hub once to get access to all other carriers connected to the hub. — Nick Fox (@RealNickFox) June 5, 2017 Google's Nick Fox followed up his announcement on the 1st with an answer to a question posed by our own Artem about how Google's RCS interconnect works. Instead of requiring that carriers individually connect their networks in some capacity to one another to exchange RCS messages, the RCS standards used by Google and the GSMA make use of a hub-style interconnect. Google's hub-based implementation of RCS in the recent cross-carrier announcement isn't a new technology, but it is cool. Back in 2013, the GSM Association published a white paper that detailed how RCS could work — and it's very much worth a read if you are even mildly interested in the future of carrier messaging, RCS, or even just networking. The white paper showed a few different methods for RCS implementation, such as using a direct NNI (Network-Network Interface) decentralized network for each carrier interconnection. Unfortunately, that particular solution results in a quickly rising number of interconnects as the number of carriers increases (n(n - 1) / 2), which means for each additional carrier in the network a larger investment needs to be made by those in it. The white paper also talked about a hub model for RCS, which has clear advantages for carriers. Rather than be burdened with developing their own connections to other carriers, each needs only connect to the one central hub presumably provided by Google. But, this centralized system will likely suffer from the same sort of weaknesses that all centralized systems do. For instance, if the capacity of the hub isn't high enough for the traffic present, then messages might not be delivered as expected, or things could grind to a halt. A central network is also more susceptible to censorship, attacks, or interference. However, it also provides some advantages, such as decreasing the investment of time and resources for carriers joining the standard. 4 node interconnect vs 36 The hub system proposed in the white paper (based on Openmind Networks implementation for SMS/MMS) does have drawbacks, but fewer connections might end up meaning faster deployment. And since Google has already done the work bringing the hub network up for Sprint and Rogers, each additional carrier should only responsible for its connection to that hub, as opposed to managing every link to every other RCS carrier themselves. Perhaps the recent news might help other carriers be persuaded to adopt Google's version of RCS, if for no other reason than cost-cutting. Why manage a ton of different networks for RCS when they can let Google cough up the cash for infrastructure? After all, if there's one thing carriers love, it's money. Tags hub networking interconnect node rcs Rogers Sprint subscribe ... Previous Story Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and ... ... Next Story MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Jayson Stephenson In case anybody is interested. Release 2 of the RCS universal profile which is to contain the needed information for third-party apps (Like Textra) to utilize RCS features will be released very soon. http://i.imgur.com/HLbSwcy.jpg https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14Ns9oV0Dh8_S5M-JHDvJ8sNHR6rpbiq2N6qZlP3g9zQ/edit Ryne Hager The beauty of that document makes me feel bad about my Google Docs skills. Jayson Stephenson Trust me, it wasn't anywhere that great to begin with. I really learned a lot with this doc and the amazing features/flexibility that G-Drive has. Snowsky Mountain Does this mean I can use third-party apps like the SMS Backup & Restore app to backup and restore RCS messages? Jayson Stephenson Yes, but even better. RCS Messages are by default synced to your carriers cloud infrastructure. So if you were to change phones/tablets your messages will be in sync with whatever device you use. Snowsky Mountain Where would I go to turn off/on that syncing of messages? Would it be from a messaging app, like the Android Messages app? Or would it be through my carrier? Also, I wonder what (if any) effect that would have on T-Mobile's DIGITS service, which appears to do something similar for SMS/MMS messages... Jayson Stephenson I'm not 100% yet. But I believe your answer might be on what Google turns its new 'Carrier Services' app into. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.ims&hl=en MJ I have no interest in my carrier storing my messages. No thanks... I hope this can be turned off. Jayson Stephenson I'm sure a lot of people will agree with you. As I mentioned to Snowsky, I believe the option for that will be on whatever Google turns its new 'Carrier Services' app into. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.ims&hl=en Latheryin There goes your privacy. Dmitri Smirnov There was never any to begin with in the SMS world. Latheryin That completely is a matter of the country to live in. Dmitri Smirnov SS7 vulnerabilities prove, that lack of privacy transcends borders :) Also, there is nothing preventing your carrier to store the SMS "for technical reasons" regardless of a country. At any rate, while RCS might be a weird attempt to catch up with the messenger market, it is definitely not worse than the SMS. Latheryin Acutally there is. At least in the states. There are laws that prevent them from being more then a pass through. As for the messaging market. That also depends on the country you live in. Data messengers are bigger in developing countries then they are say in the states. A perfect example is that 3% of the US population even use a messaging app as their primary. SMS or just flat out calling is the preffered. David Ruddock Cool doc, but Verizon and AT&T are both signatories on the RCS Universal Profile. That doesn't compel them to do anything, but it seems unlikely they'd sign if they didn't intend to be compatible with the universal profile at some point, which is what Google Jibe is based on. Jayson Stephenson It doesn't say anywhere they they ever will implement it. In fact I expect they won't for a long time. All it mentions is their RCS is a proprietary format meaning it will work on only their internal networks. Also check out my comment on AT&T. newtonfb ATT showed a demo of it at MWC(I see that you made that comment on the doc, you should include the twitter picture also). I dont see why ATT and Tmobile will not have the UP out by the end of the year. Verizon is a different story as they have not showed or said anything about it. Jayson Stephenson The doc is open source. ;) Latheryin Yes attached showed it but it plans on placing it on top of their SMS setup not as a replacement. wicketr I think what he's saying is that "yes, it's proprietary now, but they planning on having UP with an unconfirmed launch date". The same is true for most of these. T-Mobile's is currently proprietary, but has been rumored to be UP completed by the end of the year. But it's undetermined if it's going to use Google's hub, or implement the RCS UP using Samsung's infratructure across the boards. Jayson Stephenson Yes, sorry for the confusion. I will see if I can design it any better. But so far the only carrier which we know guaranteed is in the process of installing the UP is T-Mobile. Which is mentioned in the doc. Tom Erlandsen Calling it now, I bet Allo gets RCS support fairly soon after this release Joshua Why? Android Messages - which has RCS - is made by Google. They could have implemented RCS into Allo this whole time. Tom Erlandsen Because Google wants Allo to succeed, and the absolute best way they can do that is by having some kind of carrier messaging fallback. They're not going to do SMS fallback, the Allo lead has come out and said that before. But they've never said they won't do RCS fallback. And the fact that Android Messages has RCS support means absolutely nothing. Google is infamous for its A/B tests, so it's hardly a stretch to imagine them having two apps with RCS support. If Allo with RCS fallback proves very popular and successful, I could imagine them discontinuing Android Messages and making Allo with RCS the default messaging app on Android, requiring OEMs to bundle it with their devices. But I only think they'll do that if Allo proves to be a success, as otherwise they'll face massive OEM backlash Joshua They wont discontinue Android Messages because here in Canada where RCS has been out for months, carriers have said in 2018 Android Messages is shipping with all of their devices. Tom Erlandsen Like I said, I don't think they'd discontinue Android Messages unless Allo was poised to take its place (i.e. had a decent userbase). And that would take a while to happen, even with RCS support. So yeah Android Messages will probably stay for a while, until Google has something it feels would make a better replacement, and I think that's what they'll try and build Allo into Jayson Stephenson You have a very similar theory as I do. I think the point of the renaming of Google Messages to "Android Messages" is to give all AOSP devices a baseline messenger app that is not branded with the Google name, and supports whatever standard your carrier utilizes. (SMS/MMS/RCS) Obviously Allo will not be getting full-SMS support at all for obvious reasons....(https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/53uvvu/why_sms_fallback_isnt_the_holy_grail_you_all/) But it might be possible for it to get RCS support and still allowing it to view, send, and receive SMS messages. As SMS messages are connected to your carriers data infrastructure instead of tied to your phone storage. (If you have an RCS compatible carrier) You can have Allo to communicate to any non-Allo contacts while still utilizing its rich features with Allo-Allo communication. Although I'm not sure if such an app/feature is even possible. If it were, we could see a messenger revolution! Abraham No this is how I see it. Android Messages is a very generic simple SMS/RCS platform. No real branding, no real benefit for Google. This makes carriers happy as they are not shoving Google on everyones faces by default. Allo, if it gets RCS support. Will be the Google branded, with Google assistant and many more things. But this will be for the user to decide if they want to use. Not set as default to keep the user and carriers happy. What do you guys think? Joshua More likely. Allo will never replace Android Messages. Android Messages is a very lightweight, clean, and basic app. Allo is full of many (some might call pointless) features most don't want or need. Allo is slow to open compared to Android Messages, which could get annoying if you just want to send a quick SMS/RCS message. .w oh, and google will be in the center of our communication even more! and if someone opts to use basic sms, which doesn't use internet and such one will end up being processed but damn google... how "noble" of them, and they will probably do this also for "free" (i.e. "only" our data will be collected)... 😆😄 Better Google than Amazon, Facebook, or Apple. That's for sure. .w I'm not so sure about that, given google cluster-freck attitude towards messaging apps... None of the above looks great tbh... Nana Adu-Krow Not sure what is so hard to understand about their messaging apps. Each one serves a different purpose. And if you feel like there's apps that lack certain functionality (like web app support or something) you have the option to use something 3rd party. .w ROTFL, I didn't say that it's hard to understand but the purpose of messaging app is, well... messaging. In case of google you have abundance of messaging apps and if they have distinctive functionality it's even worse - there should be single app that handles all the basics and does it well. That's not the case in google messaging ecosystem. Why would I put my feet in that mess? Just to find out that in a couple of months google would introduce yet another messaging app? or in case of operators - say that they were mistaken if not 100% chooses their solution. Bottomline - trusting google services, especially those not well established (like mail, calendar, docs or android ecosystem) is veeeery risky... Cakefish When will RCS come to the UK? NathanDrago My knowledge is that SMS have basically disappeared. I only receive SMS from my bank and my carrier. Everybody is using WhatsApp / Telegram / you name it. What's the purpose of this effort for RCS? Is RCS more capable than WhatsApp / Telegram / you name it? David Ruddock SMS is still widely used in the USA. NathanDrago But don't you suspect that by the time this standard even starts to spread, USA will already have caught up with the rest of the world (that is, abandoning non-data messages)? It seems to me a lot of wasted resources. raddacle Considering how comfortable people are with services like iMessage which discriminates against other OS's, I don't see SMS going anywhere for the US. SMS is as standard as possible for the US right now. The only way to change the standard is by forcing it, hence RCS. .w This highly depends on the country... Peter Obligatory XKCD https://m.xkcd.com/927/ Dat Nguyen Here in Belgium, SMS is still used (well less than before) because when it comes to mobile subscriptions, Belgium is one of the countries that has expensive prices. For example, for 15€ a month, the carrier I use gives you 2,5 hours of calling, unlimited texting and 1,5 Gb of data so it's not like I can enable the data 24/7 And none of the carriers in Belgium doesn't seem to be aware of RCS AbdulB1 keep it on 3g. You will survive within limits Ryne Hager RCS is supposed to be an open replacement for SMS/MMS. But it is really just another competing standard. At least when compared to things like WhatsApp it isn't a private system. Any carrier that wants to can jump on and start using RCS for messaging, while WhatsApp is not so open and requires that you use their app the way they want you to. So TL:DR RCS is just supposed to replace old standards. bekifft Obligatory XKCD: https://xkcd.com/927/ Latheryin Data only messaging services are not really used a lot in the states and many other places. Data rates are just too high where SMS is unlimited free. Kyle Salewski Really hoping that since Google is behind this, and with the recent revamp of Google Voice, that RCS would soon come to GV. Anyone have any insight on the complexity behind that? Or would it be really difficult since Google Voice isn't a traditional "carrier" but more of a middle man. David Ruddock It would make sense as a reason for them bringing it back from the brink of death, if nothing else. bekifft But Google Voice / Hangouts are the core of the Frankenstein monster that is Google Fi. They seem to be trying to kill both brands, so it makes more sense to do this as part of Google Fi. But maybe GV / GFi is just more A / B testing. Willie Chalmers III More like A/B/C/D/E testing for a messaging strategy. Snowsky Mountain Is an Internet connection required to send and receive RCS messages? Jay Yes. h4rr4r So then why bother with it over XMPP? Snowsky Mountain So what would happen if I had a cellular connection but no Internet (no Wi-Fi or data)? Would it fall back to SMS/MMS? Jay Yep, you got it! John Doe VoLTE? Phone service requires Internet now so why not messages? Evan Anderson For instance, if the capacity of the hub isn't high enough for the traffic present, then messages might not be delivered as expected, or things could grind to a halt. This is an extremely unlikely situation. Any large network system, such as this one, will have plenty of redundancy and excess capacity to avoid ever overloading the system. Star network topology is standard these days, so this architecture makes perfect sense. Any other topology is highly inefficient. Snowsky Mountain I wonder what would happen if that were to occur, though. Maybe it would fall back to SMS/MMS? Ryne Hager It's definitely unlikely, I'm more concerned about denial of service implications from a centralized system. Decentralized might be more expensive for the carriers, but it would be more robust. Borgman Say Android Messages gets RCS on all carriers and stuff. What then will be the incentive to use Allo or other IM? Sruly J Well Allo has bots... Marcellus1 It'll be the particular feature set of each offering. I could use Allo because I like the bot and you could use WhatsApp because you like the stickers, for example, but it wouldn't matter that we aren't using the same app--which would be awesome and would drive competition better. Borgman But Allo won't get RCS, correct? Won't that remain an IM (unfortunately?). Or by some miracle (thanks to RCS) I'd be able to use Allo and message someone on imessage? Or are IM a whole nother story for a later date? (I just wish I could use X app and send messages, full resolution photos, HD video, read receipt, typing notify, to someone on Y app). Marcellus1 I don't know specifically what apps will get RCS and what ones won't. Hopefully all messaging apps will support it at some point. I suspect if there are any holdouts, iMessage would be the main one just because Apple likes to be intentionally incompatible. The goal of RCS, though, is to have exactly what you said is your wish. Borgman Man I sure hope that happens!!! Latheryin Will never take off as the standard. Not for a least 10 years. Joshua Canada already has had RCS for many months. We only have a few carriers, so it can easily be standard in Canada. Latheryin Everywhere has it. It is just a matter of who will be using it and what version they will use. It will end up like Android pay.. It to mention that is a but too much privacy that many people just will not freely Give up. Mainly not with the anti Google movement going on right now. Marty For some reason the headline of this article made me remember what I used to think about Google several years ago. I was of the opinion that the mentality at Google was of forging a future of making everything free...at least free in the phone and service market to start. Back then my impression of Google was that it was lead by activistic, hippy-culture young people who wanted everything in life to be free. I felt Google would try to lead society to forge such a mindset that "profit" was evil and that humanity being free from wants and needs was the future they wanted. Viktor Ivanov Good thing they aren't, I'd be really worried if they were. Marty Maybe they were to a certain extent but couldn't manage to bring their ideals to fruition. The people running the show right now seem to be money-driven. Syukri Lajin Google trying to make the carriers move to a more centralized system. Good thing they showed good example by not making another messaging app just for RCS. :D freshprince_87 I hope the other 3 US carriers (T-Mobile, Verizon, and AT&T) adopts Google's RCS messaging network so that RCS finally replaces SMS/MMS forever . SMS/MMS needs to freaking die already! When that happens, there won't be a need for iMessage and it's blue bubbles anymore 😒. Because every phone except for iPhones (unless Apples updates it's messages app in iOS 11)will have the Google's version of iMessage messaging service, RCS, in the United States. Borgman I don't know how many bozo iphone friends I have who say "the picture you just send is hazy" or "why does Android not send HD pics or videos". Drives me crazy! Just want a simple way to send those things to my friends! Warren Skipper No matter if the rest of the world uses RCS, Apple will never adopt it simply because it involves connecting to Google. Add on top of the fact that Google will likely have access to all messages that come through and you have a perfect recipe for Apple to publicly stand against it on the basis of privacy. Jayson Stephenson Not sure what you mean by "Connecting to Google", if Apple were to ever adopt RCS they would just have to utilize the exact same API's that every other OEM (Windows Phones, Android, etc...) uses. The only thing Google is doing is promoting the standard and trying to push adoption. Warren Skipper From everything I've read, there are some parts of the universal profile that seem to be Google-specific. In this article by Mobilesyrup, the carrier network Rogers stated “It’s a Google managed service”: http://mobilesyrup.com/2017/05/11/rcs-messaging-sms-canada-explainer/ I could be wrong though.Even if so, Apple wouldn't adopt it on the basis of privacy. Jayson Stephenson What he was mentioning in that paragraph that you quoted was the Google Jibe platform which those carriers have agreed to utilize to have Google host the server infrastructure for them. Look at the previous paragraph... "One point Sarhangi is quick to reiterate multiple times throughout our interview is that RCS “is not a Google service.”" RCS is NOT a Google exclusive service. Any Carrier, or OS, or Hardware manufacturer can utilize RCS 100% without any involvement of Google whatsoever. mrjayviper Did that mean SMS communications will be data mined by Google as well? I believe they can't do that right now? h4rr4r Why not? They can read anything the device sends. If you own the kernel you own it all. mrjayviper Google can't read my SMS right now success they are not part of the process Ryan yes, they can. as he said they can technically read anything that exits your phone, if they choose to do so. This is how the current sms backup function works. Also if you use android messages they are already in the process mrjayviper i don't backup my SMS h4rr4r Google made the software that displays the text. If you use an Android phone. eddiepearson Honestly, don't care about this unless this means TMO will implement this tomorrow. All of this is null if TMO continues to not give a crap. You can get those free poop goodies every Tuesday though. bekifft The Venn diagram of people on Sprint with friends in Canada (and vice versa) are going to be very excited about this! JD So what Google is saying is RCS will be an unreliable POS that will be in Beta forever. thecoolkid So now Google will be reading our texts too...? kamiller42 Control the hub? Control the world! Nice one, stop shop for intelligence agencies. Will hub participants be given access to all traffic on the hub? I'm sure Google will. "Better to mine you with my pretty!" MeCampbell30 I'm sure the carriers have no intention of letting google profit at their expense. kamiller42 The answer? Enticement. Offer the carriers the access to the products of the data mining. "We all benefit." Abhishek Saral RCS is just for SMS or are there any other benefits? senoredusty Separate ideas. Your question doesn't really make sense. Think of RCS ad the evolution of SMS Abhishek Saral Try to understand the context. It's just for sending messages or something else. senoredusty Yes. It's like fancy SMS. Read receipts, higher quality media, typing indicators, etc. Abhishek Saral People in US should start using WhatsApp already. Instead of making things tough for everyone. senoredusty Everyone in the US uses SMS already. If, over the course of time, people are naturally transitioned from SMS to RCS, that's a lot smaller a barrier than trying to convince each and every person to install yet another app. Sprint is going in the right direction with this, having Android Messages installed by default on all new Android devices. Also IMO WhatsApp is ugly. I don't want to use it, so I'm not about to try to convince everyone else they should. I'd much rather see Textra gain RCS functionality. Duder12 Fixed for you. *iPhone users in US should stop using iMessage already. Instead of making things tough for everyone.* ThePublisher So Google will be able to read all texts... awesome... Erstam Why don't they have Google voice setup with this already? James Where does it say Jibe will provide the hub connection to carriers for free? davidtb I could see how Google (a non-carrier) would want a piece of every RCS message (via their servers) who's at the center of the hub? RCS is pretty, but not a necessity, needa I wonder if Google is going to let everyone in the hub get the data. Yuri Vidal Can someone please explain me why use RCS (Or even SMS) would be better than simply using internet IP messaging systems? (WhatsApp, Telegram, Hangout, and so many others...) Paul Hansen A universal platform for all mobile devices. Not just the ones with a particular app installed. 2 Men-E I just want this to come to Project Fi Sonic Sunglasses I'm sure AT$T is busy working out its strategic plan to be dead last in implementing this technology. KChristainsen So basically we're still far off from RCS becoming a reality, unreal Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? 10,000-19,999 (19%, 2,369 Votes) 5,000-9,999 (17%, 2,117 Votes) 20,000-39,999 (16%, 1,964 Votes) More than 40,000. (14%, 1,752 Votes) 2,500-4,999 (12%, 1,496 Votes) 1,000-2,499 (10%, 1,217 Votes) 100-999 (7%, 895 Votes) Under 100 (6%, 816 Votes) Total Voters: 12,626  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Popular television progress tracker TV Show Favs is testing a new material design layout 2017/06/07 11:11am PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 106 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 118 queries | 0.738s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 Plus 1 on G+ 47 Share on Facebook 29 Share on Twitter Total Shares87 Google News Google has made some pretty great commercials in the past, like the first Pixel ad and the Google Gnome April Fool's joke. The company has created a series of ads for the Google Home, mostly to highlight the Home's temporary price drop, and one of them is... not good. The ad isn't too bad until the end, when the speaker says "And they'll be like 'O.M.G', and you'll be like 'I K-N-O.W'," at which point it entered Fellow Kids territory. The only other ad in the series (for the moment), called 'Celebrity,' isn't too bad though. Tags ad advertisement fellow kids Google how do you do subscribe ... Previous Story Sprint and T-Mobile Galaxy S8 and S8+ receiving updates that bring the May patch, an updated ... ... Next Story Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and ... Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Jimk4003 O.H. D.E.A.R. Luckbuckets Oh hey! Didn't Earnest Ask Ronda thespacecowboy Oh D.E.A.R. Y.O.U. M.E.A.N. ;) but aside from that, google assistant is awesome XerBlade Depending on your perspective, this kind of dumb can be either hilarious or hilariously bad. I, for one, am in the hilarious camp. I think I might be in the target audience for this ad. Tim Harman Yea, it's so stupid that it's funny which I think is what they're going for. I mean, Bruno Mars? Qbancelli Dudes getting worked out about some words spoken in a commercial, lol nxtiak I like the current trend of Google commercials. This has the same voice from the Google Photo Scan app commercial. It's funny. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEyDt0DNjWU Rob Agree with you a lot Willie Chalmers III I like the voice, but what she says annoys me. If Google has determined that this style of advertising increases revenue, I'm okay with it. TechGirl90 Really?......It can always be worse, like this commercial. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Lwh2xA4uvo Gjorgi Lazarovski WHAT. THE. FUCK. dariusmoss i like it? it does a good job showing off some of the neat features.. and if you live in an area populated by a lot of millennial and younger white people, then like literally like saying like a whole lot is like normal. like my boss talks like this and she's like 37. this commercial is targeted at what is a huge demographic where i live.. north dallas tx for the curious Benjamin Lehto Pretty sure that the overuse of the word 'Like', isn't relegated to just younger white millennial's. dariusmoss well sure.. maybe not universally. but, where i live, it most certainly is mostly white millennials and the younger peeps. of course i'm not talking exclusively jcopernicus I like it! craftyorb IT BROKE NEW GROUNDS! ScottColbert Slow news day? Major Sceptic I must be getting old , it just didn't seem funny . vmxr M E H JohnyNoLegs The Apple home alternative will be out in Australia before both the Google Home and Amazon Alexa LOLOLOLOL. Google and Amazon sitting on their products for almost a year, and Apple still beat them haha JD But Machine Learning told them it would be a good idea Indianajonze what was so bad about it? fit with the theme of the ad 100%. i liked it boop I thought it was cute. Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 108 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 109 queries | 0.287s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to main content About Who We Are Contact Press People Opportunities Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity and Innovation Transparency International Security Updates Deeplinks Press Releases Events Legal Cases EFF in the News Whitepapers Take Action Action Center Electronic Frontier Alliance Volunteer Tools Privacy Badger HTTPS Everywhere Surveillance Self-Defense Certbot Panopticlick Donate Donate to EFF Shop Other Ways to Give Search form Search Email updates on news, actions, and events in your area. Join EFF Lists Copyright (CC BY) Privacy Policy Thanks Electronic Frontier Foundation The leading nonprofit defending digital privacy, free speech, and innovation. Donate About Who We Are Contact Press People Opportunities Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity and Innovation Transparency International Security Updates Deeplinks Press Releases Events Legal Cases EFF in the News Whitepapers Take Action Action Center Electronic Frontier Alliance Volunteer Tools Privacy Badger HTTPS Everywhere Surveillance Self-Defense Certbot Panopticlick Donate Donate to EFF Shop Other Ways to Give Search form Search DEEPLINKS BLOG Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google+ Copy link With New Browser Tech, Apple Preserves Privacy and Google Preserves Trackers Commentary by Alan Toner June 7, 2017 Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google+ Copy link Recently Google and Apple announced plans to respond to complaints about online advertising. Both companies will implement changes to their browsers to neutralize some of the most annoying ad formats, but only Apple has chosen to address concerns around user privacy. Starting sometime in 2018, Google's Chrome browser will begin blocking all ads on websites that do not follow new recommendations laid down by the industry group the Coalition for Better Ads (CBA). Chrome will implement this standard, known as the Better Ads Standard, and ban formats widely regarded as obnoxious such as pop-ups, autoplay videos with audio, and interstitial ads that obscure the whole page. Google and its partners worry that these formats are alienating users and driving the adoption of ad blockers. While we welcome the willingness to tackle annoying ads, the CBA's criteria do not address a key reason many of us install ad blockers: to protect ourselves against the non-consensual tracking and surveillance that permeates the advertising ecosystem operated by the members of the CBA. Google's approach contrasts starkly with Apple’s. Apple's browser, Safari, will use a method called intelligent tracking prevention to prevent tracking by third parties—that is, sites that are rarely visited intentionally but are incorporated on many other sites for advertising purposes—that use cookies and other techniques to track us as we move through the web. Safari will use machine learning in the browser (which means the data never leaves your computer) to learn which cookies represent a tracking threat and disarm them. This approach is similar to that used in EFF's Privacy Badger, and we are excited to see it in Safari. Users Can Opt In to Publisher Payments—But Not Out of Tracking In tandem with their Better Ads enforcement, Google will also launch a companion program, Funding Choices, that will enable CBA-compliant sites to ask Chrome users with content blockers to whitelist their site and unblock their ads. Should the user refuse, they can either pay for an "ad-free experience" or be locked out by a publisher's adblock wall. Payment is to be made using a Google product called Contributor, first deployed in 2015. Contributor lets people pay sites to avoid being simply shown Google ads, but does not prevent Google, the site, or any other advertisers from continuing to track people who pay into the Contributor program. This approach is consistent with the ad industry's dogged defense of tracking, and its refusal to honor user signals such as Do Not Track. The industry's sole response has been to create a system called AdChoices, which offers users a complicated and inefficient opt-out from targeted ads, but not from the data collection and the behavioral tracking behind the targeting. By that logic, it is okay to track and spy on people who opt out—as long as you don’t remind them that they are being tracked! With a vast network of websites that display its ads, and over 50 percent of the browser market, Google has the power to address the ad quality problem by requiring sites to control the types of ads they show or risk losing all income from Chrome users. Google's motivation is strong because, collectively, ad blockers are undermining Google's revenue from programs like DoubleClick AdExchange, AdSense, Adwords—or, in the case of Adblock Plus and Adblock, unblocking those ads but demanding payments in exchange. While Google Chrome has mostly allowed users to install the ad- and tracker-blocking tools of their choice, there is always the risk that Google may seek to neutralize any blocking capability not under its direct control. This is no imaginary threat: in 2014, the Android Play Store banned Disconnect Mobile, a privacy app designed to prevent third party tracking. And in January of this year, the Chrome store kicked out AdNauseam, an obfuscation and anti-tracking tool that unblocks ads from websites that have adopted the EFF's Do Not Track policy and promised to respect user demands for privacy. At EFF, we understand that advertising funds much of the media and services online, but we also believe that users have the right to protect themselves against tracking. Advertising is currently built around a surveillance architecture, and this has to change. Until then, users will continue to install browser extensions like Privacy Badger and make use of tracking protection in browsers like Brave, Firefox, Opera and Safari to protect themselves.  Google and the CBA want to address the visibly annoying aspects of ads while ignoring the deeper privacy issues. Instead, they should take their lead from Apple on this one. Ad quality needs to improve and advertisers must abandon any attempt to hijack our attention with disruptive audio, flashing animation, or screen takeovers. But this alone will not win back the trust of users alienated by an ad system run amok. Users should be given more control over the ads they are shown, and their Do Not Track demands must be honored. The web should be about opening up new possibilities both individually and collectively, but the feeling of being monitored can create unease that information about us could be misused or revealed without our permission. Since the Web has become central to human thought and communication, surveilling it without an opt-out is a fundamental intrusion into human cognition and conversation. Any plan to make ads "better" that lacks a core privacy component is fundamentally broken. Do Not Track Online Behavioral Tracking Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google+ Copy link The leading nonprofit defending digital privacy, free speech, and innovation. Follow EFF: twitter facebook google plus youtube flicker rss Contact General Legal Security Membership Press About Calendar Volunteer Victories History Internships Jobs Staff Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity & Innovation Transparency International Security Updates Blog Events Press Releases Whitepapers Press Press Contact Press Materials Donate Join or Renew Membership Online One-Time Donation Online Shop Other Ways to Give Copyright (CC BY) Privacy Policy Thanks JavaScript license information
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. business culture gadgets future startups Uber and Waymo face off in court over stolen self-driving tech by Heather Kelly   @heatherkelly May 3, 2017: 7:19 PM ET Waymo is giving out test rides in self-driving cars Accusations of theft, conspiracies and withholding evidence were flying during a contentious hearing between Uber and Alphabet's Waymo in San Francisco on Wednesday. Waymo, formerly Google's "self-driving car" company, is suing Uber for using technology stolen by former Waymo employee Anthony Levandowski. It's asked the judge to put a halt on Uber's self-driving R&D until the case is settled. Uber is free to continue working on its self-driving cars for the moment, while federal judge William Alsup wrangles with a lack of evidence, either damning Uber or vindicating it. Levandowski left Waymo in January 2016 to start autonomous truck company Otto, which Uber bought for $680 million in August 2016. Waymo claims he absconded with 14,000 top secret documents, an allegation that Judge Alsup said was not in question. Waymo believes Uber used details about its LiDAR technology, which uses lasers and radar to collect information about the surrounding environment. It's not just accusing Uber of using proprietary information. According to Waymo, Uber collaborated with Levandowski while he was still at Google. As part of the plan, Waymo's attorney's say Levandowski left Waymo specifically to build an independent company using the stolen technical information that Uber could then buy. "There's this clandestine plan all along that Uber and Levandowski had a deal," said Waymo council Charles Verhoeven in court Wednesday. Related: Google's Waymo sues Uber over self-driving car technology Waymo pointed to documents that show Levandowski received 5 million Uber shares on January 28, 2016, the day after he quit Google without notice. An Uber spokesperson said the shares were actually granted in August 2016 when the deal closed. Backdating gives Levandowski credit for the time he was at Otto. Because his vesting is tied to meeting certain milestones, he actually has zero Uber shares that are vested at this time. However, Uber maintains it did not use any trade secrets from the documents in its own technology, and that no Uber employees even knew they existed until the lawsuit. Judge Alsup agreed it was not clear that Uber had used that information or had even known that Levandowski possessed it. That made Alsup wary of issuing an injunction. "You didn't sue him. You sued Uber. So what if it turns out Uber was totally innocent?," Alsup asked Verhoeven. "Let's say they are totally innocent and the worst thing they did was pay a lot of money to hire away a brilliant guy from another competitor?" Related: Uber's top self-driving car exec steps aside amid lawsuit Levandowski refused to answer questions during his deposition, taking the fifth amendment. Last week, Uber said Levandowski would step down as head of the self-driving team until the suit was settled. Uber is refusing to turn over 3,500 documents, claiming they contain privileged information about the Otto acquisition. However, its defense team tried to downplay the amount by showing how many documents and data they had provided. Lawyers and researchers collected over 229 terabytes of data, reviewed more than 300,000 documents, interviewed 85 employees and imaged the workstations of 131 workers, according to Uber. They only found one Google email, and it was unrelated to the case. Judge Alsup said that didn't prove the stolen information wasn't used, as Levandowski could have brought his own personal laptop into the office and worked off that. More depositions might be required to rule out similar scenarios. That could mean an assistant who saw Levandowski use the documents or even CEO Travis Kalanick. "We'll produce our CEO for deposition," said Gonzalez. "Nobody's hiding at Uber." Judge Alsup is expected to rule on the injunction this week, or he could ask Waymo to provide more evidence first. CNNMoney (San Francisco) First published May 3, 2017: 7:19 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Businesses cash in as millions of Chinese students sweat over crucial exam Apple built a machine just for replacing iPhone screens Tesla joins the Fortune 500 Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Pay no interest until July 2018 with this card $200 just for using this credit card Rack up unlimited miles with this astonishing credit card 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived NerdWallet Paid Partner Looking for a low-interest loan? Check out our review of Prosper. The search is over. We found the best stock brokers for online trading. How much do you need to retire? Use this calculator to find out Current mortgage rates can't be beat. Get the best rate with our tool follow us! Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. . All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. © Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy AdChoices
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 37 Plus 1 on G+ 159 Share on Facebook 40 Share on Twitter Total Shares236 Carriers Google News Last week Sprint and Rogers announced that users sending messages between the two carriers will be able to make use of RCS. RCS, of course, is the new standard to replace SMS that Google committed to back in 2015. So far each carrier seems to have its own idea for how RCS should work. But Google's recent work in cross-carrier communication is a big step towards ubiquity, and thanks to the tech behind this latest interconnect other carriers can more easily get in on the RCS action. We are deploying a "hub" model, so that carriers can interconnect to the hub once to get access to all other carriers connected to the hub. — Nick Fox (@RealNickFox) June 5, 2017 Google's Nick Fox followed up his announcement on the 1st with an answer to a question posed by our own Artem about how Google's RCS interconnect works. Instead of requiring that carriers individually connect their networks in some capacity to one another to exchange RCS messages, the RCS standards used by Google and the GSMA make use of a hub-style interconnect. Google's hub-based implementation of RCS in the recent cross-carrier announcement isn't a new technology, but it is cool. Back in 2013, the GSM Association published a white paper that detailed how RCS could work — and it's very much worth a read if you are even mildly interested in the future of carrier messaging, RCS, or even just networking. The white paper showed a few different methods for RCS implementation, such as using a direct NNI (Network-Network Interface) decentralized network for each carrier interconnection. Unfortunately, that particular solution results in a quickly rising number of interconnects as the number of carriers increases (n(n - 1) / 2), which means for each additional carrier in the network a larger investment needs to be made by those in it. The white paper also talked about a hub model for RCS, which has clear advantages for carriers. Rather than be burdened with developing their own connections to other carriers, each needs only connect to the one central hub presumably provided by Google. But, this centralized system will likely suffer from the same sort of weaknesses that all centralized systems do. For instance, if the capacity of the hub isn't high enough for the traffic present, then messages might not be delivered as expected, or things could grind to a halt. A central network is also more susceptible to censorship, attacks, or interference. However, it also provides some advantages, such as decreasing the investment of time and resources for carriers joining the standard. 4 node interconnect vs 36 The hub system proposed in the white paper (based on Openmind Networks implementation for SMS/MMS) does have drawbacks, but fewer connections might end up meaning faster deployment. And since Google has already done the work bringing the hub network up for Sprint and Rogers, each additional carrier should only responsible for its connection to that hub, as opposed to managing every link to every other RCS carrier themselves. Perhaps the recent news might help other carriers be persuaded to adopt Google's version of RCS, if for no other reason than cost-cutting. Why manage a ton of different networks for RCS when they can let Google cough up the cash for infrastructure? After all, if there's one thing carriers love, it's money. Tags hub networking interconnect node rcs Rogers Sprint subscribe ... Previous Story Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and ... ... Next Story MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Jayson Stephenson In case anybody is interested. Release 2 of the RCS universal profile which is to contain the needed information for third-party apps (Like Textra) to utilize RCS features will be released very soon. http://i.imgur.com/HLbSwcy.jpg https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14Ns9oV0Dh8_S5M-JHDvJ8sNHR6rpbiq2N6qZlP3g9zQ/edit Ryne Hager The beauty of that document makes me feel bad about my Google Docs skills. Jayson Stephenson Trust me, it wasn't anywhere that great to begin with. I really learned a lot with this doc and the amazing features/flexibility that G-Drive has. Snowsky Mountain Does this mean I can use third-party apps like the SMS Backup & Restore app to backup and restore RCS messages? Jayson Stephenson Yes, but even better. RCS Messages are by default synced to your carriers cloud infrastructure. So if you were to change phones/tablets your messages will be in sync with whatever device you use. Snowsky Mountain Where would I go to turn off/on that syncing of messages? Would it be from a messaging app, like the Android Messages app? Or would it be through my carrier? Also, I wonder what (if any) effect that would have on T-Mobile's DIGITS service, which appears to do something similar for SMS/MMS messages... Jayson Stephenson I'm not 100% yet. But I believe your answer might be on what Google turns its new 'Carrier Services' app into. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.ims&hl=en MJ I have no interest in my carrier storing my messages. No thanks... I hope this can be turned off. Jayson Stephenson I'm sure a lot of people will agree with you. As I mentioned to Snowsky, I believe the option for that will be on whatever Google turns its new 'Carrier Services' app into. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.ims&hl=en Latheryin There goes your privacy. Dmitri Smirnov There was never any to begin with in the SMS world. Latheryin That completely is a matter of the country to live in. Dmitri Smirnov SS7 vulnerabilities prove, that lack of privacy transcends borders :) Also, there is nothing preventing your carrier to store the SMS "for technical reasons" regardless of a country. At any rate, while RCS might be a weird attempt to catch up with the messenger market, it is definitely not worse than the SMS. Latheryin Acutally there is. At least in the states. There are laws that prevent them from being more then a pass through. As for the messaging market. That also depends on the country you live in. Data messengers are bigger in developing countries then they are say in the states. A perfect example is that 3% of the US population even use a messaging app as their primary. SMS or just flat out calling is the preffered. David Ruddock Cool doc, but Verizon and AT&T are both signatories on the RCS Universal Profile. That doesn't compel them to do anything, but it seems unlikely they'd sign if they didn't intend to be compatible with the universal profile at some point, which is what Google Jibe is based on. Jayson Stephenson It doesn't say anywhere they they ever will implement it. In fact I expect they won't for a long time. All it mentions is their RCS is a proprietary format meaning it will work on only their internal networks. Also check out my comment on AT&T. newtonfb ATT showed a demo of it at MWC(I see that you made that comment on the doc, you should include the twitter picture also). I dont see why ATT and Tmobile will not have the UP out by the end of the year. Verizon is a different story as they have not showed or said anything about it. Jayson Stephenson The doc is open source. ;) Latheryin Yes attached showed it but it plans on placing it on top of their SMS setup not as a replacement. wicketr I think what he's saying is that "yes, it's proprietary now, but they planning on having UP with an unconfirmed launch date". The same is true for most of these. T-Mobile's is currently proprietary, but has been rumored to be UP completed by the end of the year. But it's undetermined if it's going to use Google's hub, or implement the RCS UP using Samsung's infratructure across the boards. Jayson Stephenson Yes, sorry for the confusion. I will see if I can design it any better. But so far the only carrier which we know guaranteed is in the process of installing the UP is T-Mobile. Which is mentioned in the doc. Tom Erlandsen Calling it now, I bet Allo gets RCS support fairly soon after this release Joshua Why? Android Messages - which has RCS - is made by Google. They could have implemented RCS into Allo this whole time. Tom Erlandsen Because Google wants Allo to succeed, and the absolute best way they can do that is by having some kind of carrier messaging fallback. They're not going to do SMS fallback, the Allo lead has come out and said that before. But they've never said they won't do RCS fallback. And the fact that Android Messages has RCS support means absolutely nothing. Google is infamous for its A/B tests, so it's hardly a stretch to imagine them having two apps with RCS support. If Allo with RCS fallback proves very popular and successful, I could imagine them discontinuing Android Messages and making Allo with RCS the default messaging app on Android, requiring OEMs to bundle it with their devices. But I only think they'll do that if Allo proves to be a success, as otherwise they'll face massive OEM backlash Joshua They wont discontinue Android Messages because here in Canada where RCS has been out for months, carriers have said in 2018 Android Messages is shipping with all of their devices. Tom Erlandsen Like I said, I don't think they'd discontinue Android Messages unless Allo was poised to take its place (i.e. had a decent userbase). And that would take a while to happen, even with RCS support. So yeah Android Messages will probably stay for a while, until Google has something it feels would make a better replacement, and I think that's what they'll try and build Allo into Jayson Stephenson You have a very similar theory as I do. I think the point of the renaming of Google Messages to "Android Messages" is to give all AOSP devices a baseline messenger app that is not branded with the Google name, and supports whatever standard your carrier utilizes. (SMS/MMS/RCS) Obviously Allo will not be getting full-SMS support at all for obvious reasons....(https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/53uvvu/why_sms_fallback_isnt_the_holy_grail_you_all/) But it might be possible for it to get RCS support and still allowing it to view, send, and receive SMS messages. As SMS messages are connected to your carriers data infrastructure instead of tied to your phone storage. (If you have an RCS compatible carrier) You can have Allo to communicate to any non-Allo contacts while still utilizing its rich features with Allo-Allo communication. Although I'm not sure if such an app/feature is even possible. If it were, we could see a messenger revolution! Abraham No this is how I see it. Android Messages is a very generic simple SMS/RCS platform. No real branding, no real benefit for Google. This makes carriers happy as they are not shoving Google on everyones faces by default. Allo, if it gets RCS support. Will be the Google branded, with Google assistant and many more things. But this will be for the user to decide if they want to use. Not set as default to keep the user and carriers happy. What do you guys think? Joshua More likely. Allo will never replace Android Messages. Android Messages is a very lightweight, clean, and basic app. Allo is full of many (some might call pointless) features most don't want or need. Allo is slow to open compared to Android Messages, which could get annoying if you just want to send a quick SMS/RCS message. .w oh, and google will be in the center of our communication even more! and if someone opts to use basic sms, which doesn't use internet and such one will end up being processed but damn google... how "noble" of them, and they will probably do this also for "free" (i.e. "only" our data will be collected)... 😆😄 Better Google than Amazon, Facebook, or Apple. That's for sure. .w I'm not so sure about that, given google cluster-freck attitude towards messaging apps... None of the above looks great tbh... Nana Adu-Krow Not sure what is so hard to understand about their messaging apps. Each one serves a different purpose. And if you feel like there's apps that lack certain functionality (like web app support or something) you have the option to use something 3rd party. .w ROTFL, I didn't say that it's hard to understand but the purpose of messaging app is, well... messaging. In case of google you have abundance of messaging apps and if they have distinctive functionality it's even worse - there should be single app that handles all the basics and does it well. That's not the case in google messaging ecosystem. Why would I put my feet in that mess? Just to find out that in a couple of months google would introduce yet another messaging app? or in case of operators - say that they were mistaken if not 100% chooses their solution. Bottomline - trusting google services, especially those not well established (like mail, calendar, docs or android ecosystem) is veeeery risky... Cakefish When will RCS come to the UK? NathanDrago My knowledge is that SMS have basically disappeared. I only receive SMS from my bank and my carrier. Everybody is using WhatsApp / Telegram / you name it. What's the purpose of this effort for RCS? Is RCS more capable than WhatsApp / Telegram / you name it? David Ruddock SMS is still widely used in the USA. NathanDrago But don't you suspect that by the time this standard even starts to spread, USA will already have caught up with the rest of the world (that is, abandoning non-data messages)? It seems to me a lot of wasted resources. raddacle Considering how comfortable people are with services like iMessage which discriminates against other OS's, I don't see SMS going anywhere for the US. SMS is as standard as possible for the US right now. The only way to change the standard is by forcing it, hence RCS. .w This highly depends on the country... Peter Obligatory XKCD https://m.xkcd.com/927/ Dat Nguyen Here in Belgium, SMS is still used (well less than before) because when it comes to mobile subscriptions, Belgium is one of the countries that has expensive prices. For example, for 15€ a month, the carrier I use gives you 2,5 hours of calling, unlimited texting and 1,5 Gb of data so it's not like I can enable the data 24/7 And none of the carriers in Belgium doesn't seem to be aware of RCS AbdulB1 keep it on 3g. You will survive within limits Ryne Hager RCS is supposed to be an open replacement for SMS/MMS. But it is really just another competing standard. At least when compared to things like WhatsApp it isn't a private system. Any carrier that wants to can jump on and start using RCS for messaging, while WhatsApp is not so open and requires that you use their app the way they want you to. So TL:DR RCS is just supposed to replace old standards. bekifft Obligatory XKCD: https://xkcd.com/927/ Latheryin Data only messaging services are not really used a lot in the states and many other places. Data rates are just too high where SMS is unlimited free. Kyle Salewski Really hoping that since Google is behind this, and with the recent revamp of Google Voice, that RCS would soon come to GV. Anyone have any insight on the complexity behind that? Or would it be really difficult since Google Voice isn't a traditional "carrier" but more of a middle man. David Ruddock It would make sense as a reason for them bringing it back from the brink of death, if nothing else. bekifft But Google Voice / Hangouts are the core of the Frankenstein monster that is Google Fi. They seem to be trying to kill both brands, so it makes more sense to do this as part of Google Fi. But maybe GV / GFi is just more A / B testing. Willie Chalmers III More like A/B/C/D/E testing for a messaging strategy. Snowsky Mountain Is an Internet connection required to send and receive RCS messages? Jay Yes. h4rr4r So then why bother with it over XMPP? Snowsky Mountain So what would happen if I had a cellular connection but no Internet (no Wi-Fi or data)? Would it fall back to SMS/MMS? Jay Yep, you got it! John Doe VoLTE? Phone service requires Internet now so why not messages? Evan Anderson For instance, if the capacity of the hub isn't high enough for the traffic present, then messages might not be delivered as expected, or things could grind to a halt. This is an extremely unlikely situation. Any large network system, such as this one, will have plenty of redundancy and excess capacity to avoid ever overloading the system. Star network topology is standard these days, so this architecture makes perfect sense. Any other topology is highly inefficient. Snowsky Mountain I wonder what would happen if that were to occur, though. Maybe it would fall back to SMS/MMS? Ryne Hager It's definitely unlikely, I'm more concerned about denial of service implications from a centralized system. Decentralized might be more expensive for the carriers, but it would be more robust. Borgman Say Android Messages gets RCS on all carriers and stuff. What then will be the incentive to use Allo or other IM? Sruly J Well Allo has bots... Marcellus1 It'll be the particular feature set of each offering. I could use Allo because I like the bot and you could use WhatsApp because you like the stickers, for example, but it wouldn't matter that we aren't using the same app--which would be awesome and would drive competition better. Borgman But Allo won't get RCS, correct? Won't that remain an IM (unfortunately?). Or by some miracle (thanks to RCS) I'd be able to use Allo and message someone on imessage? Or are IM a whole nother story for a later date? (I just wish I could use X app and send messages, full resolution photos, HD video, read receipt, typing notify, to someone on Y app). Marcellus1 I don't know specifically what apps will get RCS and what ones won't. Hopefully all messaging apps will support it at some point. I suspect if there are any holdouts, iMessage would be the main one just because Apple likes to be intentionally incompatible. The goal of RCS, though, is to have exactly what you said is your wish. Borgman Man I sure hope that happens!!! Latheryin Will never take off as the standard. Not for a least 10 years. Joshua Canada already has had RCS for many months. We only have a few carriers, so it can easily be standard in Canada. Latheryin Everywhere has it. It is just a matter of who will be using it and what version they will use. It will end up like Android pay.. It to mention that is a but too much privacy that many people just will not freely Give up. Mainly not with the anti Google movement going on right now. Marty For some reason the headline of this article made me remember what I used to think about Google several years ago. I was of the opinion that the mentality at Google was of forging a future of making everything free...at least free in the phone and service market to start. Back then my impression of Google was that it was lead by activistic, hippy-culture young people who wanted everything in life to be free. I felt Google would try to lead society to forge such a mindset that "profit" was evil and that humanity being free from wants and needs was the future they wanted. Viktor Ivanov Good thing they aren't, I'd be really worried if they were. Marty Maybe they were to a certain extent but couldn't manage to bring their ideals to fruition. The people running the show right now seem to be money-driven. Syukri Lajin Google trying to make the carriers move to a more centralized system. Good thing they showed good example by not making another messaging app just for RCS. :D freshprince_87 I hope the other 3 US carriers (T-Mobile, Verizon, and AT&T) adopts Google's RCS messaging network so that RCS finally replaces SMS/MMS forever . SMS/MMS needs to freaking die already! When that happens, there won't be a need for iMessage and it's blue bubbles anymore 😒. Because every phone except for iPhones (unless Apples updates it's messages app in iOS 11)will have the Google's version of iMessage messaging service, RCS, in the United States. Borgman I don't know how many bozo iphone friends I have who say "the picture you just send is hazy" or "why does Android not send HD pics or videos". Drives me crazy! Just want a simple way to send those things to my friends! Warren Skipper No matter if the rest of the world uses RCS, Apple will never adopt it simply because it involves connecting to Google. Add on top of the fact that Google will likely have access to all messages that come through and you have a perfect recipe for Apple to publicly stand against it on the basis of privacy. Jayson Stephenson Not sure what you mean by "Connecting to Google", if Apple were to ever adopt RCS they would just have to utilize the exact same API's that every other OEM (Windows Phones, Android, etc...) uses. The only thing Google is doing is promoting the standard and trying to push adoption. Warren Skipper From everything I've read, there are some parts of the universal profile that seem to be Google-specific. In this article by Mobilesyrup, the carrier network Rogers stated “It’s a Google managed service”: http://mobilesyrup.com/2017/05/11/rcs-messaging-sms-canada-explainer/ I could be wrong though.Even if so, Apple wouldn't adopt it on the basis of privacy. Jayson Stephenson What he was mentioning in that paragraph that you quoted was the Google Jibe platform which those carriers have agreed to utilize to have Google host the server infrastructure for them. Look at the previous paragraph... "One point Sarhangi is quick to reiterate multiple times throughout our interview is that RCS “is not a Google service.”" RCS is NOT a Google exclusive service. Any Carrier, or OS, or Hardware manufacturer can utilize RCS 100% without any involvement of Google whatsoever. mrjayviper Did that mean SMS communications will be data mined by Google as well? I believe they can't do that right now? h4rr4r Why not? They can read anything the device sends. If you own the kernel you own it all. mrjayviper Google can't read my SMS right now success they are not part of the process Ryan yes, they can. as he said they can technically read anything that exits your phone, if they choose to do so. This is how the current sms backup function works. Also if you use android messages they are already in the process mrjayviper i don't backup my SMS h4rr4r Google made the software that displays the text. If you use an Android phone. eddiepearson Honestly, don't care about this unless this means TMO will implement this tomorrow. All of this is null if TMO continues to not give a crap. You can get those free poop goodies every Tuesday though. bekifft The Venn diagram of people on Sprint with friends in Canada (and vice versa) are going to be very excited about this! JD So what Google is saying is RCS will be an unreliable POS that will be in Beta forever. thecoolkid So now Google will be reading our texts too...? kamiller42 Control the hub? Control the world! Nice one, stop shop for intelligence agencies. Will hub participants be given access to all traffic on the hub? I'm sure Google will. "Better to mine you with my pretty!" MeCampbell30 I'm sure the carriers have no intention of letting google profit at their expense. kamiller42 The answer? Enticement. Offer the carriers the access to the products of the data mining. "We all benefit." Abhishek Saral RCS is just for SMS or are there any other benefits? senoredusty Separate ideas. Your question doesn't really make sense. Think of RCS ad the evolution of SMS Abhishek Saral Try to understand the context. It's just for sending messages or something else. senoredusty Yes. It's like fancy SMS. Read receipts, higher quality media, typing indicators, etc. Abhishek Saral People in US should start using WhatsApp already. Instead of making things tough for everyone. senoredusty Everyone in the US uses SMS already. If, over the course of time, people are naturally transitioned from SMS to RCS, that's a lot smaller a barrier than trying to convince each and every person to install yet another app. Sprint is going in the right direction with this, having Android Messages installed by default on all new Android devices. Also IMO WhatsApp is ugly. I don't want to use it, so I'm not about to try to convince everyone else they should. I'd much rather see Textra gain RCS functionality. Duder12 Fixed for you. *iPhone users in US should stop using iMessage already. Instead of making things tough for everyone.* ThePublisher So Google will be able to read all texts... awesome... Erstam Why don't they have Google voice setup with this already? James Where does it say Jibe will provide the hub connection to carriers for free? davidtb I could see how Google (a non-carrier) would want a piece of every RCS message (via their servers) who's at the center of the hub? RCS is pretty, but not a necessity, needa I wonder if Google is going to let everyone in the hub get the data. Yuri Vidal Can someone please explain me why use RCS (Or even SMS) would be better than simply using internet IP messaging systems? (WhatsApp, Telegram, Hangout, and so many others...) Paul Hansen A universal platform for all mobile devices. Not just the ones with a particular app installed. 2 Men-E I just want this to come to Project Fi Sonic Sunglasses I'm sure AT$T is busy working out its strategic plan to be dead last in implementing this technology. KChristainsen So basically we're still far off from RCS becoming a reality, unreal Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? 10,000-19,999 (19%, 2,369 Votes) 5,000-9,999 (17%, 2,117 Votes) 20,000-39,999 (16%, 1,964 Votes) More than 40,000. (14%, 1,752 Votes) 2,500-4,999 (12%, 1,496 Votes) 1,000-2,499 (10%, 1,217 Votes) 100-999 (7%, 895 Votes) Under 100 (6%, 816 Votes) Total Voters: 12,626  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Popular television progress tracker TV Show Favs is testing a new material design layout 2017/06/07 11:11am PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 106 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 118 queries | 0.738s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 28 Plus 1 on G+ 48 Share on Facebook 29 Share on Twitter Total Shares105 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Videos Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Calling through Google Home 1.2 Manual control over which Assistant answers 1.3 Independence Day [US-Only] 1.4 Notification access for easier access to contacts and messages 2 Download There's another version of the Google app floating around in the wild, and as we've probably become accustomed, it doesn't appear to make any notable changes upon installation. However, there are some interesting elements floating around in the apk. In this update, we can see the first signs of support for making calls with Google Home and a new action that allows users to manually reroute voice commands to the device in their hand. There's also a new feature that looks at your notifications in an effort to give easier access and suggests about your contacts and messages. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Calling through Google Home Google announced this one at I/O, so it's far from a surprise that things are starting to show up in the Google app. Think of this section as a status update. In case you missed it, the announcement at I/O declared that it will soon be possible to use Google Home a bit like a speakerphone. More specifically, you'll be able to start and carry through a call on Google Home. There were still a lot of unanswered questions, but a few of those might be cleared up with this teardown. To begin with, some people have predicted that the call still occurs through the caller's phone, but the audio is traveling over Bluetooth or Wi-Fi, while others have suggested a phone number will be linked to Google Home and calls will be made through the Google Voice infrastructure. It appears that the latter of the two is the winner. Some of the new strings show that users will link their phone service to Google Home for outgoing calls. Another common question is whether or not people will be able to answer incoming calls through Google Home. At the moment, only outgoing calls are mentioned in the strings, which hints that incoming calls might not be supported. On the other hand, this implementation doesn't look finished, and support could be added in the future, so this is far from conclusive. code <string name="assistant_settings_active_phone_service_category_title">Linked phone services</string> <string name="assistant_phone_preference">assistantPhone</string> <string name="assistant_settings_more_phone_servicer_category_title">Other phone services</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_title">Phone</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_default_snackbar_text">%1$s is your default phone service.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_link_dialog_text">Link your Google Account to %1$s to make calls on Google Home through Google Assistant.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_no_preference_title">Anonymous</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_no_preference_summary">You will appear as unlisted to others</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_service_category_title">The Assistant will use the phone service provided below for outgoing calls on Google Home. E911 is not available.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_unable_unlink_default">Cannot unlink your default phone service.</string> Manual control over which Assistant answers Staying with the topic of Google Home, but going wider to all devices that run Assistant, it looks like Google is still working working out the best way to handle multiple always-listening devices. A new line of text has been added that will be used to give direction to the Assistant that the device in your hand is the one that should be responding. <string name="opa_mult_devices_answer_on_phone">Answer Here</string> There are no clear signs about how this line will be used, but it looks like it will be a button on the toast message. That is to say you'll probably have a brief span of a second or two after a command is claimed by another device when you'll be able to insist it should be handled on your phone. Obviously, we all want voice commands to be handled by the perfect device each time, but since that would take some bewilderingly perfect artificial intelligence and perfect knowledge of context, that's pretty unrealistic. Most of us expect commands to at least route to the device that can handle them, not to be sucked into the black hole that is a Google Home when certain commands only work on a phone. I welcome the option to manually tell Assistant to answer on my phone. It may be a hacky workaround, but at least it gives us an out that doesn't require whispering into a phone mic or walking over to the Home unit to hit a mute button. Independence Day [US-Only] There's actually nothing special to say here – Google just added a new line for activities scheduled for July 4th, which is Independence Day in the United States. <string name="july_4th_activities">July 4th activities</string> I don't have much to read into about a line like this, but I am going to predict those of us in the US will see this in a little less than a month. :p Notification access for easier access to contacts and messages If you were paying much attention to Google I/O, you may have caught that Android O is bringing a quirky new feature called Notification Dots. In short, the Google Launcher will draw a little dot over the corner of app icons when they have pending notifications. It seems Google may have another feature planned that will also begin watching your notifications. Several new lines describe a feature that will "help you find your contacts and messages," but it needs to watch your notifications to do that. code <string name="notification_accessable_apps_category_title">Notification access</string> <string name="notification_access_desc">Google uses notifications you've received on this device to help you find your contacts and messages. This is done solely on this device and these results are only shown to you.</string> <string name="notification_enabled_apps_title">Select the apps you'd like to include:</string> <string name="notification_access_link_text">Turn off notification access</string> <string name="notification_menu_message">To give Google access to your notifications, tap the toggle above next to Google. You can change this access from Settings &gt; In Apps.</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_title">Want to see more contacts?</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_body">To see more relevant contacts and messages, turn on notification access. This means that Google can read notifications from all apps and keep the information private on your phone.</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_dismiss_button_text">NOT NOW</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_learn_more_text">Learn more</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_optin_button_text">GO TO SETTINGS</string> Reading through the new strings is a little disappointing because they only give a (very vague) sales pitch about what the feature is supposed to achieve – helping you to find your contacts and messages – and that it wants permission to do this. However, there isn't even a hint about what users can actually expect to see as an end result. In fact, the most notable thing to take from the wording is that Google is very specific that all data collected for this feature is stored locally on your device and won't be going to the cloud. While privacy is certainly important, and it's not surprise Google wants to be cautious, this means users won't have cross-device syncing or some of the more clever features that rely on server-based processing. Two other small notes can be taken from the text, though they aren't terribly helpful. The first is simply that users can configure which apps will be watched, so it'll be possible to effectively ignore notifications that are misleading to the system or you might not want to have mixing into your results. The second detail is that the option to include or exclude apps from this feature is in Settings –> In Apps, which is currently where apps are enabled for deep search. This might suggest information from notifications will also turn up through the search field, just like deep search does now, but that feels like a bit of a leap in logic. Perhaps there will be more to learn when the next update begins rolling out. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 7.4.15 beta APK Mirror Download QR-Code Google Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app calling contacts download downloads google app google assistant google home Independence Day messages notifications teardown video subscribe ... Previous Story Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude ... Next Story Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging Trending 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments edmann What happen to the data saver for the cards that was supposed to be in the app? Cody Toombs If you don't live in India (or some other country with painfully slow bandwidth and crippling data caps), I'm not sure you'll see it at all. Even if you are in an area where it's going to roll out, I don't think it has been enabled yet. These things take time to implement and test, and things don't always move super quickly. Joshua So a third world Country or Canada. Got it. Oh wait, nothing comes to Canada. Duder12 Google is moving farther and farther in front of Alexa and Siri. Its going to be embarrassing for the competition if the public finally notices. LondonLeedsFan Maybe in the US - UK won't be getting call features as far as I understand. Lars Jeppesen Neither will Europe or other places. Gfame103 Just enable the got dam calling feature already! XerBlade "It may be a hacky workaround, but at least it gives us an out that doesn't require whispering into a phone mic or walking over to the Home unit to hit a mute button." If this is truly what that's about, seriously, as I keep bringing up pretty much every time I see such extremes being brought up as necessities, wouldn't it be easier than any of those incredibly stupid solutions to just hit the button on your phone instead of using the hotword in the first place? tu3218 Bring it on! Good_Ole_Pinocchio I want new Hardware Google. Software is almost fully baked. I shall wait. F4LL0U7 So this stuff is great, but I'm having some experience-breaking issues on my Nexus 5X and G Watch R. 1. Reminders just don't show up as notifications at all, and automatically get dismissed. This makes them completely useless as reminders! 2. I enter *every* appointment in Google Calendar, and some of them have addresses. This should (and used to) make a very handy "time to leave" card and notification show up when I needed it. Currently, the card and notification do show up, but then get automatically dismissed. When they disappear, that event no longer shows up in my agenda in my Google feed. If it weren't for Google Calendar reminders, I'd completely miss my appointments. Both of these issues have plagued me for months, and have not been fixed even if I do a factory reset. Anyone else experiencing this? Any suggestions? Good_Ole_Pinocchio I haven't experienced those issues personally. You may get a lot more responses over at reddit though. surethom All. I want is a graphical equaliser to reduce the ridiculously high base. Good_Ole_Pinocchio What you need is new hardware from Google. obk88 is using the free spotify account available yet? JD That will never happen Spencer Actually... http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/17/google-home-now-supports-spotify-even-free-accounts-plus-soundcloud-deezer/ Grey When will my phone beep when I say Okay Google again? This is the single most head-scratching, bizarre, insane decision Google has ever made. Does anyone else's Okay Google's on their phone beep them anymore? Makes that sound? Mine make it over bluetooth but not in person. I DON'T GET IT. How do I get this feature back?? It's essential. Willie Chalmers III It makes the noise if it's on Bluetooth. I miss the sound, but I suppose Google considered the fact that if you're asking the assistant something on your phone, you can visually see if it's responding, so only tactile response, a vibration, is necessary There's also the possibility that the noise made Google Assistant feel less conversational and more like a robot, which isn't what Google desires. Grey I think the less conversational thing is what they were going for, but there's tons of problems. For one, it isn't always listening. I have spoken to the phone trying to be conversational and it's just not listening anymore. And two, I'm not looking at my phone!!! That's the point of voice commands!! akshay7394 It beeps when you trigger it via 'Ok Google', doesn't beep if triggered through the home button long-press gesture. Total Insecurity On my Google Pixel XL it still beeps like a champ. Sina ina Anyone having problem with ok google detection when screen is off ( while chaging ) with this version ? mine is broken right now Behace When deciding which device to answer from, why can't assistant decide which decides can handle the request then figure out which device recorded the request at the highest decibel? It would be a rather crude way of deciding which device to answer with but it could work, no? Fruity101079 Still no Google Assistant on Nexus devices, while my language is supported... reggjoo What I worry about is breaking what setup I already have. Last few updates broke my voice function (what happened to "from any app button"?) It took almost a month to figure how to get that function back. Eventually, through g+, after trying all the help solutions, that didn't work at all, I figured it out, but I can't remember how now. I don't want to go thru that again. I'm turning off automatic updates, just to protect my setup, even though Google apps always finds a way. I'll shy away from this one, til I hear from various forums about stability problems with setups and older devices. Ryan How about recognizing the Home is handling the request and turning my screen back off? My phone just sits there with the screen on. Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Popular television progress tracker TV Show Favs is testing a new material design layout 2017/06/07 11:11am PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 106 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 125 queries | 0.657s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BOTS Guest Apple’s vision for HomePod still needs work Chris Constantine, Syzygy@chriscon June 7, 2017 2:35 PM Above: A look inside the HomePod Image Credit: https://www.apple.com/homepod/ Before Apple’s WWDC announcements on Monday, the web was abuzz with rumours that the tech giant would deliver a device that could take on both Amazon Alexa and Google Home. Instead, we got HomePod, which seems to be more of a challenge to home sound system Sonos. The HomePod and new multi-room audio feature in HomeKit, is a music-first smart speaker, where sound quality is premium and Siri is a musicologist above all other home assistant roles. The HomePod smart speaker, we’re told, will “rock the house.” So why did Apple decide to go niche? With voice interfaces still in their infancy, Apple has apparently chosen to focus on music and get the experience right. If you’ve used Alexa, Google Assistant, Cortana, or Siri, you know how you construct your question or command has a bearing on the quality of the response. Despite these technologies now having a better error rate than a human, machine learning is still getting to grips with the multitude of ways we may ask the same question. Ultimately, we don’t want to have to think about how we talk to these devices. So I expect the musicologist in HomePod to understand a myriad of muso nuances. “Drop some fresh beats” should actually work if Apple has studied a 50-year-old pretending to be street. Additionally, the ability to understand context is key, so asking “Who’s the drummer on this?” will have Siri deliver specific information about the track currently playing. Apple says it has worked hard on developing Siri’s skills in 13 other areas, including news, translation, weather, and sport. Yes, it does hook up with HomeKit, but the list falls way short of the 10,000 skills available on Amazon’s Echo. Additionally, HomePod will allow messaging – something my Google Home currently apologizes for not being able to do. But if HomePod’s messaging is limited to iMessages, the recipient must also have an Apple device for it to work. By focusing on music and paying lip service to other home assistant functionality, Apple is delivering a minimum viable product (MVP) but cleverly selling it as a great experience in a realm it claims to own. Given that Apple brought us iTunes and the iPod, HomePod makes sense. However, consider this a baby step towards a world of conversational interfaces. Since the iPod was launched on the world back in 2001, we have gradually evolved from product consumers to experience consumers. As the importance of experience has increased, the complexity of interfaces has had to diminish. The result of which is a device that sits in our kitchens emitting pulsating lights, with expectant microphones and varying degrees of ability. We should consider these smart speakers on par with the first iPod. The big contenders are already exploring some logical next steps. Amazon is allowing Alexa to display visuals on the Echo Show, which is due out later this month. Google understands the need to recognize different voices and personalize the experience. HomePod and Google Home allow the user to create “scenes,” where a command like “good night” will turn off the lights, lock the front door, and set the thermostat to a sleep-friendly temperature. None can yet put the cat out. These developments come through understanding user needs. Whereas previously researchers would have to go into homes to observe their subjects, Apple, Google, and Amazon have customers who have paid to provide the insights. The devices listen to what’s being said and can send that detail back to California. The moment you say “Hey Siri,” what comes next is sucked into the system and the machine learning gets to work. Over time, Apple should learn the 127 ways I could ask if it’s raining in Manchester. Which brings us to privacy. In the same way that Band-Aids are now more common on laptop cameras than on knees, can we expect these always-on assistants to be hidden under tea cosies by a population of conspiracy theorists? Apple aimed to reassure its audience by saying HomePod won’t listen until the user triggers it with “Hey Siri.” This may be the case now, though if the direction is towards a more conversational experience, triggers become problematic. When does a conversation end and snooping begin? Did Apple miss a trick announcing HomePod without demonstrating the vision? Is the experience it’s set to provide this December worth the price of the device? In the next six months up to launch Amazon and Google won’t be standing still, so Apple will have to show how HomePod can reliably do more than name that drummer. Chris Constantine is Head of User Experience at digital agency Syzygy. VB Recommendations Powering Twitch and Medium, search startup Algolia raises $53 million Automat raises $8.3 million to make marketing bots How Volvo’s using self-steering trucks to help sugarcane farmers improve crop yield
Articles l l Want Fast Charging? Don’t Use Your Car’s USB Ports The Best Streaming Music Services for Any Type of Listener What’s New in iOS 11 for iPhone and iPad, Arriving Fall 2017 What Is conhost.exe and Why Is It Running On My PC? Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search How to Change Google Assistant to Typing Instead of Voice By Default By Eric Ravenscraft on June 7th, 2017 Google Assistant is designed to be a conversational voice assistant, but sometimes it’s not socially acceptable to talk to your phone. If you’d rather type your requests to Assistant, you can make that the default instead. While using your voice to talk to Google Assistant is convenient in some cases, it comes with downsides. If you’re listening to music on your phone, Assistant will interrupt it any time you try to search when it turns on the microphone. Google also starts recording you right away, even if you decide to type your search instead. Changing your default input method to text still gives you the option to search with your voice with one extra tap (or by saying “Ok Google”), but it doesn’t assume that you want to talk to your phone every time. To do that, open up Google Assistant on your phone (must be running Marshmallow or higher) by holding down your home button. Tap the round, blue icon at the top right of the card that pops up. In the top-right corner of the screen, tap the three button menu icon, then choose Settings.   Scroll down in the list and find your phone under Devices and tap on it. At the bottom of the screen, tap on “Preferred input.” In the window that pops up, choose Keyboard. From now on, when you activate Google Assistant, you’ll see a screen that looks like this one. Annoyingly, Assistant won’t automatically open the keyboard, but tap the text box and it will pop right up. Alternatively, if you’d like to use a voice command, tap the microphone on the right side of the screen. All your searches and voice commands will still work like normal, but you won’t have to interrupt your music or start recording until you’re ready. In addition, this will not affect Assistant when you invoke it using “Ok Google”. You’ll still be able to issue hands-free voice commands by saying “Ok Google”; Assistant will only default to text if you hold the home button to activate it. JOIN THE DISCUSSION (1 REPLY) Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Eric Ravenscraft covers smarthome tech for How-To Geek. He's a problem solver who never learned to say no to a project. When he's not fixing things, he's cosplaying at cons, playing video games, and watching too many comic book movies. You can follow him on Twitter or Instagram. Published 06/7/17 DID YOU KNOW? Astronauts can gain up to two inches in height while spending extended time in space; alas when they return to Earth the strong pull of gravity compresses their spines again and they return to their former size. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK How to Watch Hulu on Ubuntu and Other Linux Distributions How to Use All of Windows 10’s Backup and Recovery Tools How to Choose the Best VPN Service for Your Needs What’s the Best Way to Back Up My Computer? How to Use Spotlight Search on Your iPhone or iPad 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow PC Running Windows 7, 8, or 10 Why You Should Use a Password Manager, and How to Get Started How to Create Custom Chrome Web App Shortcuts For Your Favorite Websites 17 Things You Can Do with Siri on the New Apple TV Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum How-To Geek Pro Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
Tech Search Search boutique hotelsThe Original Hospitality Disrupter On LeadingThis Is How Occidental Petroleum’s CEO Led Through a Crisis Donald TrumpPresident Trump’s Aides Are Urging Him Not to Fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions Comey testimonyWhat to Expect From James Comey’s Testimony Eric Schmidt, chief executive officer of Google Inc., listens to a question during a news conference at the Seoul Digital Forum 2007 in Seoul, South Korea, on Wednesday, May 30, 2007. Photo by Bloomberg—Getty Images Fortune 500 At Alphabet, There Are Only Two Shareholders Who Matter Mathew Ingram Jun 07, 2017 Google parent Alphabet's annual meetings are a very civilized affair, with executive chairman Eric Schmidt playing host after a light lunch, sharing a vision of the better world the company is creating, followed by polite questions and proposals from shareholders. Those shareholder proposals, however, are largely window dressing. Because as everyone at the meeting knows, there are only two shareholders who really matter at an Alphabet meeting, and their names are Larry Page and Sergey Brin. That's because Google founders Page and Brin control 51% of the votes, despite owning just 11% of the overall equity. Their voting control comes through their large ownership stake in Class B shares, which carry 10 votes each (Schmidt's stake gives him 5% of the overall votes). One by one, shareholder representatives stood up at the meeting in Mountain View, Calif. on Wednesday morning and presented a range of proposals designed to try to force Alphabet to take action on a variety of issues. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. A proposal from Arjuna Capital, for example, would have required that the company produce numbers related to the pay gap between male and female staff, an issue that is currently the subject of an investigation by the U.S. Department of Labor. In its arguments against the case, Google has said that compiling exact numbers on pay equity across the company would be time consuming and would cost too much. Observers have noted that the cost—which it has estimated at $100,000—is a tiny fraction of the company's profit last year of close to $28 billion. The department has alleged that there are "systemic compensation disparities against women" at Alphabet, but the company maintains that this is not the case. In the shareholder proxy document filed with regulators, it argued that shareholders should vote against the Arjuna proposal because it is "not in the best interests of the company and its stockholders." UberUber’s Biggest Rival in India Says the Company Is ‘Despicable’ Fortune 500Fortune 500 CEOs See A.I. as a Big Challenge TeslaCan Tesla Succeed in China? Fortune 500Howard Schultz for President? Fortune 500Fortune 500 CEOs on Trump, the Economy, and Artificial Intelligence Fortune 500Howard Schultz Has Something Left to Prove Fortune 500Amazon Glitch Sends Some Shoppers to Dog Photo Fortune 500Terrible Reviews for ‘The Mummy’ Are Really Bad News for Universal Another motion, also backed by Arjuna and several other institutional shareholders, proposed that the company be required to produce a report describing what kind of action it is taking to prevent the spread of "fake news" and misinformation through its networks. Arjuna director Natasha Lamb told the meeting that such misinformation "has affected elections in the U.K, France and the U.S., and the confusion cuts across political lines—a study from Pew shows that 64% of Americans trust less in news on the Internet than a year ago." Steps the company has announced to take action, she said "are too little and too late." The investment fund presented an identical motion at Facebook's recent annual meeting, and just like the proposal at Alphabet's meeting, it was voted down—and for the same reason, since Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg controls a majority of the votes in the company. The motion from NorthStar Asset Management, which owns 7.2 million shares of Alphabet, was perhaps the most quixotic of them all. It proposed that Alphabet restructure its shares in order to give every shareholder a single vote, which would obviously dilute Page and Brin's stake. A representative for the fund said that it's easy to ignore voting-rights inequities when profits are up, but it "poses significant risk" to the company's future performance. "It's impossible for shareholders to have any meaningful input," the NorthStar spokesman said. "We are very concerned about the governance risks of relying on two or three people." Just like all the other shareholder proposals, the Northstar motion was voted down. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Thursday, June 8, 2017 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Life Ex-MMA fighter War Machine gets 36 years to life in kidnap, beating case Grande returns to Manchester to honor victims with benefit Bill Maher apologizes for using racial slur during HBO show Shara Fair 2017: A unique Saudi artistic approach London Hilton on Park Lane For Business Travelers AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Technology Apple’s HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals Technology Apple’s HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals June 8, 2017 15 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter SAN JOSE, Calif. — Apple is hoping a new smart home speaker will strike a chord with music lovers – the latest test of the iPhone maker’s ability to redefine markets originally staked out by its rivals. The trend-setting company also is putting new twists on existing products as it delves deeper into virtual reality and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The moves announced Tuesday escalate Apple’s technological battle of wits with Google, Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook. These giants are battling over still-emerging fields that are expected to turn into technological gold mines, much the way personal computers and smartphones became moneymaking machines in previous decades. NO PLACE LIKE HOMEPOD The “HomePod” speaker unveiled at Apple’s annual developers conference is similar to rival devices that have been released during the past two years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri, a digital assistant that has been on Apple’s iPhone since 2011, will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. Unlike those other smart speakers, Apple is positioning the HomePod primarily as a way to listen to and discover new songs and artists. Making the most of it will require a subscription to Apple’s own music streaming service, which runs $10 to $15 per month and has attracted 27 million subscribers so far. The company is casting Siri as a music connoisseur that will learn and cater to the tastes of the HomePod’s owners, as well as answer questions about the songs as they are played. “It will reinvent home audio,” boasted Apple CEO Tim Cook. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the US, U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google’s Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the US are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. APPLE VS. THE DRY SPELL The HomePod is Apple’s first new gadget in nearly three years, following its announcement of the Apple Watch in September 2014. Although that product came out after other smartwatches hit the market, it quickly outshone competitors, according to industry research firms. Still, the Apple Watch hasn’t been a smash hit, fueling worries that the company’s ability to transfix customers had waned after the 2011 death of co-founder Steve Jobs. During Jobs’ last decade, Apple introduced the iPod, iPhone and iPad – all huge commercial successes that both reshaped daily life and swamped previous digital music players, smartphones and tablets. Analysts said the smart home speaker market is ripe for Apple. The company “can’t afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people’s homes to Amazon, Google and others,” said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That’s especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more “pervasive” way that’s less dependent on smartphones, he said. But it’s also possible that the HomePod could expose Siri as less capable than Amazon’s Alexa, Google’s Assistant and Microsoft’s Cortana, Blaber said. (Many reviewers have suggested that the current incarnation of Apple’s assistant already trails competitors in key respects .) “This is the start of the AI wars,” he said. — AP SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleHonor’s features drive its global growth Next articlePetromin-Nissan’s ‘Win a Car’ Campaign picks 2nd prize draw winner Mohammed Ahmed Al Aidroos RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR King Hamad: Saudi Arabia protects us from Qatari, Iranian interference I thank King Salman for fighting terrorism: Trump A flurry of diplomatic activities NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply June 2017 S M T W T F S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   STAY CONNECTED 1,647,224FansLike 44,324FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts King Hamad: Saudi Arabia protects us from Qatari, Iranian interference June 8, 2017 I thank King Salman for fighting terrorism: Trump June 8, 2017 A flurry of diplomatic activities June 8, 2017 12 killed in twin Iranian attacks June 8, 2017 Gulf states alone can solve Qatar row: Jubeir June 8, 2017 Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
Xero accounting | AliExpress | MightyApe | Amazon Prime | Amazon Fire TV | Amazon (Kindle, books, electronics) Home Forums News Articles Reviews Price comparison Email Blasts Slack Search Contact Welcome Guest. You haven't logged in yet. If you don't have an account you can register now. Forums › Gadgets, robotics, home automation, electronics (including wearables) › Alexa (echo) vs Google Home gnfb 1611 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 80 #212739 @ 10-Apr-2017 14:11 2 people support this post For the next month I am running Alexa (thats how I think of it) side by side with a Google Home.   I will report a "laymans findings"   So far , I can tell you that Alexa is winning hands down!   Things like "Alexa convert 190 us dollars to new zealand dollars"   simple stuff. Is an English Man living in New Zealand. Not a writer, an Observer he says. Graham is a seasoned 'traveler" with his sometimes arrogant, but honest opinion on life. He loves the Internet!.   gnfb on trademe travelkit.nz GNFB Geeks Out on Geekzone Email Me   1 | 2 Next BuffyNZ Will not stab you 215 posts Master Geek +1 received by user: 15 Subscriber   #1760278 @ 10-Apr-2017 14:58 One person supports this post Subscribed to get updates, watching with interest. Recursion: See recursion. -- “It is important not to let the perfect become the enemy of the good, even when you can agree on what perfect is. Doubly so when you can't. As unpleasant as it is to be trapped by past mistakes, you can't make any progress by being afraid of your own shadow during design.”      --Greg Hudson, Subversion developer mattwnz 12489 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 1389   #1760282 @ 10-Apr-2017 15:07 Although I haven't compared the two, Alexa is pretty good, considering it isn't tuned for the NZ accent. I have been using it for about 6 months. You would think Googles would be a a lot better considering all the data Google collects from people.         stocksp 332 posts Ultimate Geek +1 received by user: 148   #1760303 @ 10-Apr-2017 15:15 I run both.  Alexa is better for home automation I think.  Google is Ok, but doesnt have as many microphones as Alexa and therefore seems to have more trouble hearing.       I'm running the echo dot (and two google homes)     nzkc 345 posts Ultimate Geek +1 received by user: 25   #1760314 @ 10-Apr-2017 15:44 This recently popped up on my Google Cards: https://www.forbes.com/sites/jaymcgregor/2017/04/06/google-home-vs-amazons-alexa-54-questions-1-clear-winner/   Gave a pretty good comparison I thought. Its always going to be a YMMV.   Disclaimer: I'm a Google Home owner/user.  I have no opinion on Alexa as I've never used one.  And therefore I have no opinion on which is the better device. gnfb 1611 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 80   #1760317 @ 10-Apr-2017 15:45 mattwnz:   Although I haven't compared the two, Alexa is pretty good, considering it isn't tuned for the NZ accent. I have been using it for about 6 months. You would think Googles would be a a lot better considering all the data Google collects from people.     LOL I have an English / mid Atlantic / 15 years on Oz accent maybe that helps Is an English Man living in New Zealand. Not a writer, an Observer he says. Graham is a seasoned 'traveler" with his sometimes arrogant, but honest opinion on life. He loves the Internet!.   gnfb on trademe travelkit.nz GNFB Geeks Out on Geekzone Email Me sbiddle 24946 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 4842 Moderator Trusted Biddle Corp Subscriber   #1760325 @ 10-Apr-2017 16:02 One person supports this post I think it's pretty bold to be saying that Echo beats Google Home hands down. That's not a view many have.   I have a Google Home and have only briefly played with an Echo. From everything I've read and seen both have their strong points and weak points. IMHO Google Home wins hands down at natural English questions (such as your example above about converting currency) or asking it simple questions how to spell words. Echo wins hands down when it comes to home automation.   Both are severely restricted by not being true multi user devices. That's the whole grail - and IMHO whoever gets their first and nails the implementation is going to win the space.     scottjpalmer Minimalist 5317 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 327 Moderator Trusted Subscriber   #1760380 @ 10-Apr-2017 18:40 THE HOLY GRAIL!!! nzkc 345 posts Ultimate Geek +1 received by user: 25   #1760419 @ 10-Apr-2017 20:22 So...how do you actually add a second account!?  Trying to add my wife's and cannot find where to do that. mattwnz 12489 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 1389   #1760440 @ 10-Apr-2017 20:59 Apparently Googles home has been sneaking in advertising messages. Such as when someone asks for the summary for teh day, it apparently sneaked in an advert for a movie. That is a complete turn off for me. But considering they are an advertising company, it is likely the way they are heading with it. Haven't had that problem at all with the Echo, apart from adverts on Pandora, which you can use for free. shk292 1143 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 524   #1760444 @ 10-Apr-2017 21:04 One person supports this post gnfb:   For the next month I am running Alexa (thats how I think of it) side by side with a Google Home.   I will report a "laymans findings"   So far , I can tell you that Alexa is winning hands down!   Things like "Alexa convert 190 us dollars to new zealand dollars"   simple stuff.     I just asked my Google home that question and it gave me the correct answer. gnfb 1611 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 80   #1760523 @ 11-Apr-2017 01:03 sbiddle:   I think it's pretty bold to be saying that Echo beats Google Home hands down. That's not a view many have.         I am English I was born bold! ;)   I actually intend to gather some of the data and compare. Again I stress this is done by a layperson , you know like the majority of people. So the test may not be scientific or technical . I simply bought bot units and quickly set them up. I have them sitting on the sideboard within 6' feet of where my desk is.   But give me a bit of time to use them both. I quickly became familiar with the "skills" of Alexa havnt looked into what or how Goggle handles this.  Is an English Man living in New Zealand. Not a writer, an Observer he says. Graham is a seasoned 'traveler" with his sometimes arrogant, but honest opinion on life. He loves the Internet!.   gnfb on trademe travelkit.nz GNFB Geeks Out on Geekzone Email Me Jase2985 6415 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 2015 Subscriber   #1760531 @ 11-Apr-2017 05:08 gnfb:    I quickly became familiar with the "skills" of Alexa havnt looked into what or how Goggle handles this.      so your testing them in a bias manner? doesnt make for much of a comparison richms 19564 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 3446 Trusted Subscriber   #1760535 @ 11-Apr-2017 07:05 One person supports this post I find the home is much more useful.   What year did .... come out. What does a .... weigh, things like that which google search is excelent at can be answered, alexa is all sorry I didnt understand the question. Richard rich.ms sbiddle 24946 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 4842 Moderator Trusted Biddle Corp Subscriber   #1760554 @ 11-Apr-2017 08:25 One person supports this post mattwnz:   Apparently Googles home has been sneaking in advertising messages. Such as when someone asks for the summary for teh day, it apparently sneaked in an advert for a movie. That is a complete turn off for me. But considering they are an advertising company, it is likely the way they are heading with it. Haven't had that problem at all with the Echo, apart from adverts on Pandora, which you can use for free.     I haven't heard a single advertising message in the 2 months I've now had one at home and used it on a daily basis.     sbiddle 24946 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 4842 Moderator Trusted Biddle Corp Subscriber   #1760555 @ 11-Apr-2017 08:25 nzkc:   So...how do you actually add a second account!?  Trying to add my wife's and cannot find where to do that.     It appears this may have been a premature announcement from Google.       1 | 2 Next Twitter » Follow us to receive Twitter updates when new discussions are posted in our forums: Follow @geekzonenzforum Follow us to receive Twitter updates when news items and blogs are posted in our frontpage: Follow @geekz1 Follow us to receive Twitter updates when tech item prices are listed in our price comparison site: Follow @geekzoneprices News » HP unveils ProLiant Gen 10 servers Posted 7-Jun-2017 13:39 VMware introduces vRealize Cloud Management Platform Posted 7-Jun-2017 13:35 Fixed fee managed IT solution promises to get Kiwi small businesses HUMming Posted 7-Jun-2017 13:32 Smart watch: The revolution that didn’t happen Posted 7-Jun-2017 11:19 Huawei Nova Lite: NZ$400 Android alternative Posted 6-Jun-2017 12:17 Commerce Commission investigates Vodafone FibreX Posted 3-Jun-2017 16:44 D-Link partners with Google Posted 2-Jun-2017 15:49 Soltius achieves AWS Managed Service Partner accreditation Posted 2-Jun-2017 15:48 AWS skills and certification shortage an opportunity for IT students and pros Posted 2-Jun-2017 15:46 Never lose your keys again: tech startup Magpie Posted 2-Jun-2017 15:44 Crucial announces 128GB DDR4 LRDIMM server memory Posted 2-Jun-2017 15:42 Accenture study shows benefits of AI to NEw Zealand growth Posted 2-Jun-2017 15:40 IDC smartphone shipment numbers: Samsung takes top spot again Posted 2-Jun-2017 15:38 New Zealand government secures cloud framework agreement with Amazon Web Services Posted 30-May-2017 15:51 Mobile termination rate revision not pressing Posted 30-May-2017 15:16 Geekzone Live » Try automatic live updates from Geekzone directly in your browser, without refreshing the page, with Geekzone Live now. Updates » Are you subscribed to our RSS feed? You can download the latest headlines and summaries from our stories directly to your computer or smartphone by using a feed reader. Alternatively, you can receive a daily email with Geekzone updates. RSS feeds Main feed Forums feed All RSS feeds Site features Geekzone Mobile Geekzone Badges Geekzone Slack channel Geekzone on Twitter Geekzone Dashboard Geekzone offers Amazon orders (Kindle, books, everything) MightyApe orders Payoneer card Site Information Subscribe to Geekzone Privacy Statement Forum Usage Guidelines (FUG) Advertising on Geekzone Trademark and copyright ©2002-2017 Geekzone®
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 Plus 1 on G+ 47 Share on Facebook 29 Share on Twitter Total Shares87 Google News Google has made some pretty great commercials in the past, like the first Pixel ad and the Google Gnome April Fool's joke. The company has created a series of ads for the Google Home, mostly to highlight the Home's temporary price drop, and one of them is... not good. The ad isn't too bad until the end, when the speaker says "And they'll be like 'O.M.G', and you'll be like 'I K-N-O.W'," at which point it entered Fellow Kids territory. The only other ad in the series (for the moment), called 'Celebrity,' isn't too bad though. Tags ad advertisement fellow kids Google how do you do subscribe ... Previous Story Sprint and T-Mobile Galaxy S8 and S8+ receiving updates that bring the May patch, an updated ... ... Next Story Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and ... Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Jimk4003 O.H. D.E.A.R. Luckbuckets Oh hey! Didn't Earnest Ask Ronda thespacecowboy Oh D.E.A.R. Y.O.U. M.E.A.N. ;) but aside from that, google assistant is awesome XerBlade Depending on your perspective, this kind of dumb can be either hilarious or hilariously bad. I, for one, am in the hilarious camp. I think I might be in the target audience for this ad. Tim Harman Yea, it's so stupid that it's funny which I think is what they're going for. I mean, Bruno Mars? Qbancelli Dudes getting worked out about some words spoken in a commercial, lol nxtiak I like the current trend of Google commercials. This has the same voice from the Google Photo Scan app commercial. It's funny. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEyDt0DNjWU Rob Agree with you a lot Willie Chalmers III I like the voice, but what she says annoys me. If Google has determined that this style of advertising increases revenue, I'm okay with it. TechGirl90 Really?......It can always be worse, like this commercial. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Lwh2xA4uvo Gjorgi Lazarovski WHAT. THE. FUCK. dariusmoss i like it? it does a good job showing off some of the neat features.. and if you live in an area populated by a lot of millennial and younger white people, then like literally like saying like a whole lot is like normal. like my boss talks like this and she's like 37. this commercial is targeted at what is a huge demographic where i live.. north dallas tx for the curious Benjamin Lehto Pretty sure that the overuse of the word 'Like', isn't relegated to just younger white millennial's. dariusmoss well sure.. maybe not universally. but, where i live, it most certainly is mostly white millennials and the younger peeps. of course i'm not talking exclusively jcopernicus I like it! craftyorb IT BROKE NEW GROUNDS! ScottColbert Slow news day? Major Sceptic I must be getting old , it just didn't seem funny . vmxr M E H JohnyNoLegs The Apple home alternative will be out in Australia before both the Google Home and Amazon Alexa LOLOLOLOL. Google and Amazon sitting on their products for almost a year, and Apple still beat them haha JD But Machine Learning told them it would be a good idea Indianajonze what was so bad about it? fit with the theme of the ad 100%. i liked it boop I thought it was cute. Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 108 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 109 queries | 0.287s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Amazon executive says he's open to Siri on Amazon Echo Todd Haselton | @robotodd 17 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Siri isn't ready for prime time as Alexa has been in the home: Stern    Tuesday, 6 Jun 2017 | 11:31 AM ET | 02:46 Amazon's head of products says he'd allow other voice assistants, such as Apple's Siri or Google Assistant, on the Amazon Echo. The Echo currently only runs Alexa, Amazon's smart voice assistant. David Limp, Amazon's senior vice president of devices, said he's open to talking with Apple, Google or other firms about loading up other voice assistants, too. "We're open to that," Limp said, according to CNET. "If Apple or Google want to come call, my phone number is out there. They can call. I hope there is a day when that happens. I don't know if I can envision it, but I hope it happens, on behalf of customers." His comments came in the wake of the HomePod announcement — Apple's Echo competitor — during Apple's developer conference on Monday. The HomePod is powered by Siri and allows users to play music, check the weather and more, but starts at $349. Apple says the added cost is for the more premium speaker experience it offers over the Amazon Echo, which costs $179. Apple doesn't typically integrate its services with other products, so the odds are slim that Tim Cook ever gives Limp a ring. On the other hand, Google and Microsoft do work with third parties. The Google Assistant is built into smartphones and smartwatches built by its partners, for example. Microsoft is also teaming up with firms such as Harmon Kardon on speakers that run its Cortana assistant. Maybe Alexa will have some company soon. Watch: Can HomePod compete with Echo show chapters Can Apple's HomePod compete with Amazon's Echo and Google Home?    Tuesday, 6 Jun 2017 | 6:27 AM ET | 01:25 Todd HaseltonTechnology Product Editor To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Google Executives Rebuff Plea to Change Internet Law Consumer Watchdog Claims Shields Web Sites Accused of Facilitating Child Sex-Trafficking News provided by Consumer Watchdog 07 Jun, 2017, 16:38 ET Share this article MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif., June 7, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Alphabet Inc., parent company of Google, today refused to back a change in Internet law that would enable victims to hold websites that intentionally facilitate online child sex-trafficking accountable, at the company's annual shareholders meeting. The refusal came from Kent Walker, Sr. Vice President and General Counsel of Alphabet Inc.'s Google, in response to a question asked by Consumer Watchdog's John M. Simpson, an Alphabet Inc. shareholder, on behalf of Nacole S. whose daughter was sold repeatedly for sex through Backpage.com. Their story was documented in the film I am Jane Doe. Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act provides that a website can't be held liable for what's posted on its site by third parties. Tech companies and other defenders of CDA Section 230 claim it promotes and protects free expression on the Internet.   View a video clip of the exchange: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCu6MvTWmDk&feature=youtu.be  The question Simpson read on Nacole's behalf: "Good morning, Dr. Schmidt, Alphabet and Google executives, board members and shareholders. I am Nacole S. I hope you have seen I am Jane Doe; it is available on Google Play and Netflix. It documents how my 15-year-old daughter was sold repeatedly for sex through the notorious website Backpage.com. "Consumer Watchdog's recent report, How Google's Backing of Backpage Protects Child Sex Trafficking, details how Alphabet Inc.'s Google has funded nonprofit groups and legal scholars who continue to defend Backpage in the name of Internet freedom. Internet freedom can't be about helping websites sell children for sex.  That's got to end. "Will you stop funding groups in their misguided effort to defend Backpage no matter what harm it causes? Going forward, will you support a narrow amendment to Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act that would allow victims like my daughter and me to hold Backpage accountable for intentionally facilitating child sex trafficking?" Last month a coalition of anti-child sex trafficking and public interest groups and Nacole S. released a report detailing Backpage's abuses. It documented how Google has funded efforts to defend CDA Sec. 230. "For years, one company—Backpage.com—has dominated online trafficking in minors for sex. The advertising giant's reach is vast, with sites catering to 437 locations in the U.S. and 506 overseas. So is its impact: By one count, 73% of all suspected child trafficking reports in the U.S. involve Backpage," the report said. Joining in issuing the report were Nacole S., Consumer Watchdog, DeliverFund, Faith and Freedom Coalition, Trafficking America Taskforce and The Rebecca Project. View a copy of the report here:  http://www.consumerwatchdog.org/resources/backpagereport.pdf Consumer Watchdog has called on tech companies including Google, Facebook, Twitter, Amazon and Microsoft, to support amending a narrow amendment to CDA Sec. 230  so companies like Backpage.com that intentionally facilitate child sex trafficking can be held accountable by victims and state attorneys general. Read Consumer Watchdog's letter to Facebook's CEO Mark Zuckerberg and COO Sheryl Sandberg here: http://www.consumerwatchdog.org/resources/ltrfacebook052217.pdf Rep. Ann Wagner's (R-Mo.)  has introduced H.R. 1865, Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act of 2017 that would amend Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act – the law that shields Backpage from accountability for its ongoing abuses. In earlier letters to the tech companies Consumer Watchdog's Simpson wrote: "We call on you to support a narrow amendment to Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act -- H.R. 1865, the 'Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act' could be the vehicle -- that would allow Backpage to be held accountable for its ongoing facilitating of child sex trafficking." Visit our website at www.consumerwatchdog.org   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/google-executives-rebuff-plea-to-change-internet-law-consumer-watchdog-claims-shields-web-sites-accused-of-facilitating-child-sex-trafficking-300470644.html SOURCE Consumer Watchdog Related Links http://www.consumerwatchdog.org 26 May, 2017, 09:00 ET Preview: Proposed Law Would Allow New Yorkers to Tell the Internet, "Fuhgeddaboudit" My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 24 May, 2017, 16:40 ET Proposed Law Would Allow New Yorkers to Tell the Internet,... 24 May, 2017, 16:40 ET State Ethics Commissioners Asked to Compel Witness Interviews In... Explore More news releases in similar topics Advocacy Group Opinion Not For Profit You just read: Google Executives Rebuff Plea to Change Internet Law Consumer Watchdog Claims Shields Web Sites Accused of Facilitating Child Sex-Trafficking News provided by Consumer Watchdog 07 Jun, 2017, 16:38 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Google reveals top 'how to spell' searches by Canadian province | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Trader Joe's Child porn Spelling Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada Canada150 World Politics Sci-Tech Health Entertainment Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin Sports The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team WATCH LIVE  Former FBI director James Comey testifies before the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee Advertisement Google reveals top 'how to spell' searches by Canadian province Jackie Dunham, CTVNews.ca @JaclynLDunham Published Wednesday, June 7, 2017 10:54AM EDT Last Updated Wednesday, June 7, 2017 5:04PM EDT It might take some discipline to avoid splurging on that precious blueberry-coloured hardcover dictionary; even if it is a good bargain, you can’t be too facetious or you could wind up with financial anxiety. Scroll down or click here to vote in our poll of the day Those are just some of the hard-to-spell words tripping up Canadians in different provinces and territories, according to Google Trends. The search engine giant released its list of most misspelled words by province and territory based on the number of times Canadians typed “how to spell” in Google search. Nicole Bell, Google Canada’s head of communications and public affairs, told CTV News Channel on Wednesday that they noticed a lot of the words were ones that had letters that are easily mixed up or are spelled slightly differently in Canada than in the United States. “So words like colour, favourite, cheque, those are always in the top words that are searched by Canadians on Google,” Bell said. “They’re the tricky words that we need a little bit of backup for.” She also said it was interesting that Canadians are still searching for the correct spelling of words when there are so many autocomplete or autocorrect programs out there to fill in the letters for them. “I think there are times when people are still thinking: ‘How do I even search for this word if I don’t know how to spell it correctly?’,” Bell said. According to the data compiled this year, Yukoners appear to struggle with “altar,” Manitobans aren’t a fan of the word “atheist,” New Brunswickians can’t stand an “elliptical” and don’t you dare ask an Albertan to spell “supercalifragilisticexpialidocious,” (why are they even trying anyway?) Ontarians need to add “colour” to their vocabulary. Canadians in the Northwest Territories don’t appreciate the “facetious” kind, British Columbians would rather avoid “pneumonia” and those in Newfoundland and Labrador don’t want to waste their “precious” time learning to spell the word. In Prince Edward Island, residents need a second opinion before being lured in by a “bargain,” Canadians in Saskatchewan use “discipline” in their search for the word’s spelling while Quebecers would likely rather eat a “blueberry” than spell it and Canadians in Nunavut might feel anxious while spelling the word “anxiety.” Google Trends expert Aaron Brindle said he sees no regional explanations for each province’s top spelling query, with the exception of Nova Scotia. “Nova Scotia might be the only geography on the map where the word kind of loosely ties to their geography. Yacht being something loosely tied to the ocean,” he said. Thankfully, the correct spelling for all of these words is just a quick click away. Brindle said more Canadians than ever are turning to Google to avoid spelling slips, noting a “50-fold increase” in such searches. As for the notion that increased reliance on the internet and autocorrect features is eroding spelling proficiency, Brindle found the data is inconclusive. “It’s an open question. I don’t think there is a direct line between this data and what Canadians are actually misspelling,” he said. “I use autocorrect in Google often to make sure I’m spelling someone’s name correctly. Those kinds of typos can be really embarrassing.” For anyone curious as to which words Canada’s southern neighbours are looking up, Google Trends also published its data on the United States’ most misspelled words state-by-state. ICYMI - here's our map of the most misspelled words in America #spellingbee (corrected legend) pic.twitter.com/2w56NpDgGK — GoogleTrends (@GoogleTrends) May 30, 2017 Related Stories 'When was America great?' Google searches, Twitter buzz from Election 2016 Where's the best province for surviving a zombie apocalypse? Photos Google Trends has released its list of Canada's most misspelled words by province or territory. (Google Trends) Report Error MOST WATCHED false LIVE1: Former FBI director James Comey testifies Air Date: January 23, 2017 false Breaking firefighting barriers Air Date: June 7, 2017 false LIVE2: Committee hears Comey's testimony Air Date: June 8, 2017 false Bald eagle raises baby hawk as its own Air Date: June 7, 2017 false Maritime moving nightmare Air Date: June 7, 2017 false CTV National News: A master of history Air Date: June 7, 2017 false Prince Harry and elderly fan share kiss in the rain Air Date: June 8, 2017 false CTV National News: Boost to military Air Date: June 7, 2017 false Comey says Trump expected 'loyalty' Air Date: June 7, 2017 false CTV National News: Triple-murder trial Air Date: June 7, 2017 false CTV London: Stroller assault Air Date: June 7, 2017 false CTV National News: Twin bombings in Iran Air Date: June 7, 2017 TODAY'S QUESTION How do you check the spelling of a word, when you're uncertain? I check online I pull out a dictionary Autocorrect I don't care about spelling View result View the latest polls Related Article Google reveals top 'how to spell' searches by Canadian province More News from Canada Woman pleads guilty to role in sex assault of Hamilton girl Pot, poison left outside to sicken dogs in southern Ontario Rotting humpback whale removed from N.L. cove, buried at waste site Bus driver injured in attack over stroller B.C. legislature returns June 22, confidence vote on Clark's Liberals expected 40-year mystery: B.C. RCMP hope jewelry can identify drowned man Join the conversation... Advertisement CTV News Video Network false LIVE NOW: Former FBI director James Comey testifies false Trial underway for man accused in Alberta triple-murder false Defence review shopping list 'wishful thinking'? false Moving nightmare: Maritimers trying to get belongings back false Pirate Joe's ends legal battle by shutting its doors Most Popular Stories 1 Woman pleads guilty to role in sex assault of Hamilton girl 1 2 Vancouver's Pirate Joe's shuts down, ending legal battle with Trader Joe's 1 3 Google reveals top 'how to spell' searches by Canadian province 2 4 Pot, poison left outside to sicken dogs in southern Ontario 2 5 Bald eagle chooses to adopt -- not eat -- baby hawk 1 6 Trial of Alta. man accused of killing 3, including toddler, set to continue 1 7 Myanmar navy ship, fishermen find bodies in search for plane 1 8 Stroke rates rising among younger adults: report 6 9 Historic night as female pitcher takes the mound in men's baseball league 10 Drinking non-cow's milk linked to lower height in children Don't Miss false Master of history: 93-year-old graduates Brock University false Birds of a feather: Bald eagle raises baby hawk as own false Women firefighters in N.S.: We 'can do the same' as men CANADA Woman pleads guilty to role in sex assault of Hamilton girl Pot, poison left outside to sicken dogs in southern Ontario Rotting humpback whale removed from N.L. cove, buried at waste site WORLD Legal experts say Trump's comments to Comey inappropriate, maybe worse Polls open in U.K. election after campaign marred by attacks Mother sentenced to 5 years for dunking baby's arm in hot coffee ENTERTAINMENT George Clooney's father is full of love, 'cliches' for twins Mixed reaction to Sony's 'clean version' of 'Ghostbusters,' 'Step Brothers' Celebrities share the best advice they ever got from dad HEALTH Study finds flu shot may not be as effective for obese adults Stroke rates rising among younger adults: report Melanoma patients who remove lymph nodes don't live longer: study POLITICS Liberal government promises extra $62B for military over next 20 years Four key takeaways from the defence policy review Trudeau visiting Quebec site of future G7 summit SCI-TECH Climate decision could accelerate damage to Trump properties Russian booster rocket puts U.S. satellite in orbit Ancient Aztec temple, ball court discovered in Mexico City BUSINESS S. Korea's ex-health minister guilty of swaying Samsung vote Annual pace of housing starts slips lower in May compared with April Asian stocks drop ahead of U.K. election AUTOS Automatic braking to be standard on top-selling Nissans Porsche races into bespoke market with 911 Turbo S Exclusive Series Autonomous cars to be tested on roads next year SPORTS Historic night as female pitcher takes the mound in men's baseball league Ronaldo stays atop Forbes list of richest athletes Flames president Brian Burke says Calgary behind the times on arenas, stadiums Lifestyle Rewriting history: Advice from a 93-year-old university graduate Google reveals top 'how to spell' searches by Canadian province Pot pizza: Marijuana dispensary serving up weed-topped slices CTV News on the Go false Comey says Trump expected 'loyalty' U.K. voters had to the polls Winnipeg police access data from transit cards In Pictures   'One Love Manchester' concert raises money for terror victims Berlin lights up in solidarity of London terror attack Detroit Grand Prix 2017 zooms into town Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events More Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey April Glaser Eric Johnson Rani Molla Tony Romm Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Android Artificial Intelligence Augmented Reality Apple’s advances in augmented reality highlight its real advantage over Google Whatever Apple builds, it can deploy across the majority of iOS devices quickly. Android struggles with that. by Tess Townsend Jun 7, 2017, 3:14pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Apple Senior Vice President of Software Engineering Craig Federighi Justin Sullivan / Getty For the multiple times Apple executives mentioned “machine learning” at the company’s developers conference Monday, they also emphasized an older theme that could be more important: Unified software. Apple’s mobile operating system, or iOS, works the same and runs the same on every iPhone. That’s why app developers often prefer building for Apple before they build for Google’s Android, an operating system that’s splintered across different kinds of hardware. While the latest versions of Android consistently run on higher-end phones like the Google Pixel, cheaper and older phones often only run previous versions. Apple’s control over both its operating system and the hardware on which that software runs came up throughout the keynote. That highlights what Google really needs to worry about when competing with Apple: The fragmentation of Android. This matters even when Google has a technical advantage. Apple’s latest announcements in augmented reality are where the company’s advantage with a unified platform showed the most. The ability to quickly deploy software to devices immediately differentiates Apple’s AR from Google AR computing platform Tango, which only runs on select newer-model phones. “When you bring the software together with these devices, we actually have hundreds of millions of iPhones and iPads that are going to be capable of AR,” Apple’s head of software, Craig Federighi, said. “That’s going to make overnight the AR kit the largest AR platform in the world.” In general, only a portion of Android phones tend to run the latest version of the mobile software at any given time. While Google builds its own hardware now — such as the Pixel phone — it still relies largely on third-party manufacturers and carriers to deliver Android updates to hardware that runs it. Update: Google said it has made efforts to lessen the fragmentation of software across Android devices, including rolling out a program to make it easier for device makers to upgrade to newer versions of Android, and ensuring software in Google Play Services is updated frequently across devices. Google reports 93 percent of users ahave the latest version of Google Play Services. Federighi brought up hardware and platform advantages again when he announced a new set of machine learning software tools for developers. Developers that used Apple’s new machine learning tools would be able to execute their use with “tremendous performance on-device,” he said, and have access to “all the data privacy benefits and all of the carefully tuned compatibility with all of our platforms.” What he didn’t seem to emphasize was what made the tools themselves interesting. That’s probably because Apple is known to lag behind Google, Microsoft and others in machine learning. The iPhone didn’t publish its first artificial intelligence research paper until December. By comparison, Google had 44 papers accepted this year to the International Conference on Machine Learning while Microsoft had 33, according to a Medium post by a researcher at AI think tank OpenAI. And Apple’s new machine learning offerings are also not all drawn from Apple technology. “Some of the pre-trained machine learning models that Apple offers are open-sourced Google code, primarily for image recognition,” noted Quartz reporter Dave Gershgorn. Google confirmed this. Subscribe to the Recode newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. recode_divider In this Storystream Apple WWDC 2017 Apple’s advances in augmented reality highlight its real advantage over Google Watch a supercut of the biggest announcements from Apple WWDC 2017 View all 9 stories More From Recode Online video is expected to triple bandwidth consumption in the next five years Recode Daily: While James Comey testifies before the Senate Intelligence Committee, Trump will be tweeting his take in real time What’s the future of media? Ask BuzzFeed chairman and HuffPost co-founder Ken Lerer. As the merger is completed, layoffs of up to 1,000 jobs at the combined AOL and Yahoo are expected Full transcript: ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ writer and producer Bruce Miller on Recode Decode How to watch former FBI director James Comey testify before Congress on Thursday Trending A top Uber executive, who obtained the medical records of a customer who was a rape victim, has been fired Sources say Eric Alexander carried around for a year confidential information about a woman who was assaulted during a ride in India in 2014. As the merger is completed, layoffs of up to 1,000 jobs at the combined AOL and Yahoo are expected As the troubled deal is finally culminated, it’s time for cuts. How to watch former FBI director James Comey testify before Congress on Thursday You may need a couple screens for this one. More in Trending Recode Daily Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Online video is expected to triple bandwidth consumption in the next five years by Rani Molla Recode Daily: While James Comey testifies before the Senate Intelligence Committee, Trump will be tweeting his take in real time by Recode Staff What’s the future of media? Ask BuzzFeed chairman and HuffPost co-founder Ken Lerer. by Eric Johnson As the merger is completed, layoffs of up to 1,000 jobs at the combined AOL and Yahoo are expected by Kara Swisher Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Google Fiber to start Louisville deployment in Portland neighbor - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Politics Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB Sales Staff WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Keith Kaiser Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau Google Fiber to start Louisville deployment in Portland neighborhood, councilwoman says Posted: Wednesday, June 7, 2017 4:43 PM EDT Updated: Wednesday, June 7, 2017 4:43 PM EDT LOUISVILLE, Ky. (WDRB) --  Google Fiber will begin construction of its super-fast Internet network in Louisville by starting in the Portland neighborhood, according to Metro Council member Cheri Bryant-Hamilton. Google Fiber will be installing fiber-optic cables beginning June 13 in area bounded by 22nd, 30th, Bank and Market streets, according to Bryant’s newsletter to her district constituents. Mayor Greg Fischer announced in April that Google Fiber would deploy in Louisville, nineteen months after the company first added Louisville to its list of potential cities. Google’s commitment to Louisville comes after the city passed, and spent money to defend, an ordinance that would make it easier for new broadband providers like Google Fiber to attach their equipment to utility poles. AT&T, which has sued Louisville over the ordinance, has in the meantime wired many parts of the metro area for its own AT&T Fiber service, which offers a similarly ultrafast connection. AT&T Fiber is now available at more than 50,000 locations – mostly homes – in Louisville and southern Indiana, said AT&T spokesman Joe Burgan said in April. Neighborhoods wired include Beechmont, Chickasaw, Germantown, Highlands, Irish Hill, Newburg, Parkland and Smoketown, he said.   Copyright 2017 WDRB News. All rights reserved. Sign Up for WDRB's Sports Newsletter Email Address * Logged in as: Log intoMember Center Not you?Log out * denotes required fields WDRB%20Sports%20Newsletter Thank you for signing up! You will receive a confirmation email shortly. WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Coffee Makers Microwaves Vacuum Cleaners Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Top Radar Detectors Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Top Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Top DSLR Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions 4k TVs Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Sports & Outdoors Camping Gear Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Top Chef Knives Coolest Gadgets Cool Furniture Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Electronic Reviews ▸ Printers ▸ Best Printer for Chromebook Printers Best Printer for Chromebook Chris Stobing Updated May 18, 2017 Shares Don't let the Chromebook's unique operating system alienate your printer. Instead get one of these best printers for Chromebook. Chromebooks are great for a lot of things, whether it’s writing a paper or browsing the web without worrying about getting infected with malware. But how do you know which is the best printer for Chromebook in 2017? Chromebooks, for all the things they do well, can also be notoriously fickle when it comes to drivers and recognizing third-party hardware without a heap of extra hair-pulling on the side. For our best of list, first and foremost we looked at printers that are known in the industry for being immediately compatible with Chromebooks using the Google Cloud Print service, as well as how quickly and quietly they can get your photos and documents printed out. All these factors in mind, the HP OfficeJet 200 Mobile is our #1 pick, not only for its performance, but also its extreme versatility and mobility options thanks to an onboard battery which keeps it chugging along even if there’s no power outlet to be seen. But there’s plenty more models in the running for the top spot, so make sure to read on in our guide to the best printers for Chromebook to find out who made the cut! Best Printer for Chromebook Comparison Chart   HP OfficeJet 200 Mobile Canon PIXMA MG7720 HP Envy 4520 Rank #1 - Editor's Choice #2 Pick #3 Pick Amazon Rating Printing Technology Inkjet Inkjet Inkjet Printing Speed (B&W/Color) 20ppm/19ppm 15ipm/10ipm 20ppm/16ppm Display Screen Scan Resolution N/A N/A 1200 dpi Borderless Printing? Dimensions 7.3 x 14.3 x 2.7 inches 14.6 x 17.2 x 5.9 inches 17.52 x 14.45 x 5.04 inches Weight 4.8 lbs 17.5 lbs 11.93 lbs Check Price Check Price Check Price How We Choose Because the list of printers that are actually compatible with Chromebooks is so small, it wasn’t too difficult of a task to find the best of the best from that short roster. On the whole, we wanted to keep the features and price point in line with what the average Chromebook user can understand and afford, so simplicity and low-cost were the primary focus when making our selections. The best printer for a Chromebook should at the very least have Google Cloud Print compatibility (to wirelessly connect to your laptop), as well as the option to print both in monochromatic and color without any major settings changes. Although the addition scanner would be nice, this extra functionality can sometimes add extra dollars to the final cost, something you want to avoid since Chromebooks are generally considered a budget laptop pick for buyers who are trying to watch their wallet (though the Canon still sports one at a decent price). Ultimately, we chose three printers that can either be plugged in/recognized by a Chromebook and connect wirelessly if you need it, while also printing quality pictures or text at high speeds. The best printers for Chromebooks offer combination of all these different features in a single package, and won’t cost you (or your budding college student) an arm and a leg to maintain over time. Who Should Buy a Chromebook Printer As more users wake up to the notion that you don’t only have to choose from a Windows or OSX machine to get work done on the road (or heaven forbid, Linux), Chrome OS is quickly becoming the alternative option for people who need a cheap, functional laptop that just does what you need it to every step of the way. Unfortunately, all that simplicity doesn’t always translate between other devices, printers especially so. Whether you’ve just bought your first Chromebook or have been using the platform since it was released, printing is something that all of us need to do at least once in awhile, if not every day. As paperless as things are nowadays, there are still plenty of tasks that require you to print something out on a physical page, which is why it’s important to find a printer that’s seamlessly compatible with your Chromebook or any other laptop/desktop in your house. #1 Pick HP OfficeJet 200 Mobile Printer/Editor’s Choice The HP OfficeJet 200 Mobile printer lets you print off your Chromebook from anywhere Price: $99 | Read Full Review: [EDIT: Posted later this week] Features: Onboard battery for mobile printing, 20ppm black/white printing, borderless printing WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: The HP MobileJet OfficeJet 200 lets you take your Chromebook printing on the go thanks to its onboard battery.  The HP OfficeJet 200 Mobile Printer is one of the latest to join the company’s oldest and most widely recognized brands in the world of printers, updated with a slew of new features that brings printing into the 21st century. Wireless printing has been around for awhile now, but the HP OfficeJet 200 really lives up to its wireless/mobile name thanks to an onboard battery, which can be charged up so you don’t need to be near a plug in order to print out that emergency term paper or tax document from the road. In our testing, we found that on a full charge the OfficeJet was able to push out around 75 printed pages before running out of battery. This should be more than enough to satisfy any mobile professional or college student between plugins, especially when you consider those prints happened at speeds much faster than what you’d get from a competing printer that’s actually plugged into its own power source. The HP OfficeJet 200 is compatible both wirelessly as a part of Google’s Cloud-Ready network of printers, and also happens to be one of the few that Chrome OS has drivers for and can recognize upon being plugged directly into the USB port of a Chromebook (if you decide to go the wired-only route instead). The HP OfficeJet 200 may be the priciest option of the three, but it compensates for that cost by sporting the fastest and highest quality prints on this list, earning it the number one spot for the best printers for Chromebook in 2016. View on Amazon #2 Pick  Canon PIXMA MG7720 The Canon MG7720 is a wireless printing monster thanks to its compatibility with so many different platforms Price: $106.00 | Features: Five wireless printing connectivity choices, four color options WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: The Canon PIXMA MG7720 is a solid pick for multiple-OS households.  While the Canon PIXMA MG7720 may not be as mobile or immediately intuitive to the amateur Chromebook user as the OfficeJet 200, its low cost and extensive wireless compatibility options made it a must-have in our book. If you’re in a household that runs as many different platforms as there are separate devices, you might want to consider the MG7720 as your next printer. With the ability to connect via Air Print, Google Cloud Print, through NFC or even the Canon PRINT app from your phone, the MG7720 is the Swiss Army Knife of printers, connecting to Windows, OSX, or Chrome OS in seconds. Thanks to the onboard 3.5-inch touchscreen, all the necessary configuration to get these different systems working together in tandem can happen in the same place, removing the need to download separate drivers for separate machines depending on which machine you’re trying to print from at the time. Plus it also comes in an all-gold chassis, if showing off your printing skills is more your style. View on Amazon #3 Pick HP Envy 4520 Mobile Printer The HP Envy 420 is a cheaper Chromebook printing alternative to premium options like the OfficeJet 200 Price: $78.70 | Features: Google Cloud Print-ready, HP Instant Ink delivery, edge-to-edge printing WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: Edge-to-edge printing makes the Envy 4520 a perfect pick for photo-obsessed enthusiasts.  Like the Canon, the HP Envy 4520 comes with a number of different wireless connectivity formats to choose from, including Google Cloud Print. Unlike the Canon, however, the Envy is the only printer on this list that lets you print on both sides of a single page, saving you time and up to 50% on your next paper purchase! Cooler still, the Envy 4520 also comes equipped with HP’s proprietary HP Instant Ink system, which will automatically order new ink cartridges straight to your door whenever the printer detects it’s starting to run low. This means no more late-night trips to Staples, aimlessly wandering the aisles looking for the right cartridge so your kid can get their book report printed before tomorrow morning. It’s also one of the only printers at this price range (sub-$100) that gives you the option for edge-to-edge printing. This feature is perfect for photos, as it lets you print them out on the full stock without having to worry about trimming off the edges later. If you want a fast, cheap, and easy-to-operate photo printer for your Chromebook, look no further than the HP 4520. View on Amazon  Features to Look for in the Best Printer for Chomebook Google Cloud Print-ready: This is the big one. Since most Chromebooks don’t have the ability to recognize third-party drivers, Chrome OS instead uses what’s known as “Google Cloud Print” to connect the printer wirelessly to your laptop. You can check Google’s full list of compatible printers found here. Color printing: This may sound redundant, but not all printers in 2016 automatically come with color printing as a default. Be sure that you’re buying a printer that does the job you need it to, especially if you plan on printing lots of photos or presentations that need all the color they can get. Print speed: How fast a printer can push out the pages is registered on a metric known as “PPM”, or “pages per minute”. On average, you should look for a printer that can do at least 20ppm for black and white content, while the acceptable range for color printing starts around 16ppm. Mistakes to Avoid Buying monochromatic on accident: If you see a printer that’s Cloud-ready, has tons of extra features (scanner, fax, etc), and is also being offered up at a suspiciously low price – chances are you’re accidentally looking at a monochromatic printer, not color. Monochromatic printers are generally much cheaper than color printers, but also only print in black and white. If you don’t need your printer for anything except shipping labels or text documents this should be fine, but if you ever want to upgrade to printing photos or color pictures, you’ll have to buy a whole new unit instead. Skimping on ink quality: Look, no one likes spending half a house payment on ink cartridges every time they start to run dry, but the best way you can ensure you get every last drop out of your current cartridge is to spend on quality first. Certified cartridges from HP and Canon both last significantly longer than generic cartridges, and will always look better than generic when printing details in larger photos or illustrations. Which Best Printer for Chromebook Is Right For You? The best printer for Chromebooks may not necessarily be the best for every operating system, but it’s the kind of compatibility and flexibility you find in models like the HP OfficeJet Mobile 200 that really sets them apart. Overall these are cheap printers that can still print quality photos using Google’s Cloud Print platform, and don’t get tied up with overly-confusing configuration setups or six different ink cartridges designed to do ten different jobs. If you need something that’s great for students and road warriors, the OfficeJet 200 is the way to go. If you print a lot of photos from home, the HP Envy 4520 might be more up your alley, while the Canon MG7720 is a powerhouse that comes with a scanner and copier for just over $100 flat. Read Next: Best Chromebook  Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Chris Stobing Chris Stobing is a writer and blogger from the heart of Silicon Valley. Raised around tech from birth, he's had an interest in PC hardware and networking technology for years, and has come to Gadget Review to contribute his knowledge on both. You can follow him on Twitter here. Sponsored Content Related Posts Gadget of the Week: Water Printer (video) Waterproof printer paper iPhone 4 Printer: Bolle BP-10 Canon’s Fingerprint Security System Kills Office Scanner Abuse Once And For All Canon Intros Retro Portable Printers: Selphy ES3 and ES30 Polaroid’s Zip Instant Printer Is Just Like the Old Polaroids 2 Comments to Best Printer for Chromebook Chris Stobing on That can be frustrating, but unfortunately this is the case with several cloud printing solutions, and isn’t unique to the Canon :/ Reply Don Hansen on After buying a Canon ip110, which claimed to be cloud ready, I discover the only way to make it work with a Chromebook is for both printer and Chromebook to be connected through a Windows or Apple computer that has the right drivers on it. E.g., can’t use it with a Wifi hotspot. Can’t use it on someone else’s wifi that’s not set up for it. Which is completely ridiculous for a mobile laptop and portable printer. What good is that? So, there are some details about “Cloud Print” that aren’t mentioned, even in this article. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,870 Fans 13,852 Subscribers 11,387 Followers Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and top ten product comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Get the best deals online and geek out with the latest desktop computers, best gaming laptops, best headphones and the latest gadget news and top product reviews online. Gadget Review also has some of the best software reviews and consumer services reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Gadget Review © 2017 | Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact Latest Giveaway XML best air purifier for 2017 best air purifier for pets best air purifier for dust best juicer 2017 best juicer on the market best juicer under $100 best dslr camera best dslr for video 2017 best ski boots best college laptop best laptop for college students 2017 best chef knife best chef knife 2017 best professional chef knife best 4k gaming monitor best 4k gaming monitor best vpn 2017 best dslr for beginners 2017 best canon dslr 2017 best nikon dslr 2017 best dslr reviews 2017 best pro dslr 2017 dslr for beginners dslr tips for beginners dslr for beginners tutorials best tv for the money 2017 best dslr for beginners 2017 canon dslr for beginners best 65 inch 4k tv best review sites best consumer review sites top consumer review sites best camping tent 2017 best review sites for electronics dslr best dslr best portable air conditioner best dslr for video 2017 best outdoor bluetooth speakers best home espresso machine 2017 best canon dslr 2017 best 4k blu ray player 2017 best dslr reviews 2017 best pro dslr 2017 dslr for beginners dslr tips for beginners nikon dslr for beginners dslr for beginners tutorials dslr photography beginners best dslr for beginners 2017 canon dslr for beginners best canon dslr for beginners best nikon dslr for beginners latest coolest gadgets googo best air purifier for moldbest french door refrigerator for the price best dyson vacuum for 2017 best countertop microwave on the market best over the range microwave best universal remote app for your phone best small microwave for your home best small portable air conditioner best coffee maker with grinder on the market best cobra radar detector 2017 best front load washing machinebest drip coffee maker 2017 best crossbow best wine fridge best tents 2017 best all mountain skis 2017 best backpacking tent 2017 best gaming desk 2017 best headphones for running 2017 best projector screen best smartphone camera 2017 best digital camera 2017best computer monitor 2017 best smartphone plan 2017 best digital camera 2017best computer monitor 2017 best satellite tv 2017 led tv 2017 55 inch tv best projector under 1000 2017 best 55 inch tv best bluetooth speakers under 100 best bluetooth speakers ps4 headset best gaming pcs desktop computers best smart thermostatgta 5 cheats ps3 best smartphonegta 5 cheats ps3 best home security system what does wifi stand for 8 acutal working star wars lightsabers best 3d camera what is a smart tv best office chair under 200 6 of the best wifi thermostats 6 best personal finance software for macbest washing machine reviews on the marketbest tv brand best universal remote 5 of the best home theater projectors 11 gadgets to spy on your cheating spouses best 65 inch tv 6 bluetooth headphones built for working out list best wireless gaming headset best gaming monitor 10 of the biggest most challengingly awesome lego sets 8 of the best laptops under 500 best digital camera under 200 free ipad porn latest coolest gadgets for men latest coolest geek gadgets latest coolest gadgets ever latest spy gadgets latest coolest home gadgets latest best gadget latest coolest gadgets 2017 survival gear mattress reviews vacuum cleaner reviews cool gadgets chromebook review air purifier reviews sound bar reviews wireless wifi router reviews bluetooth speaker reviews projector reviews radar detector reviews home security systems reviews drone reviews camcorder reviews dslr camera reviews ultra hd 4k tv reviews tech gadgets all in one printer reviews point and shoot camera reviews acer laptop reviews waterproof camera reviews security camera reviews av receiver reviews gas grill reviews noise cancelling headphones review programmable thermostat reviews smart lock reviews portable speaker reviews gaming keyboard reviews standing desk reviews portable projector reviews fitbit reviews gadgets iphone 6 reviews tablet reviews refrigerator reviews washing machine reviews digital camera reviews kitchen gadgets headphone reviews gadgets for men printer reviews gopro reviews led tv reviews 3d printer reviews geek toys video camera reviews external hard drive reviews smart watch reviews microwave reviews ultrabook reviews earbud reviews bluetooth headphones reviews desktop computer reviews computer monitor reviews gaming headset reviews television reviews appliance reviews gaming headset reviews travel gadgets dvr reviews gaming laptop reviews lcd tv reviews microsoft tablet reviews running watch reviews oled tv reviews breathalyzer reviews fitness gadgets gaming pc reviews webcam reviews gaming mouse reviews home theater receiver reviews home theater system reviews wireless speaker reviews gaming pc reviews over the ear headphones reviews iphone case reviews kitchen appliance reviews touchscreen laptop reviews hard drive reviews iphone game reviews home theater speaker reviews cloud services home automation system reviews gaming monitor reviews ipad game reviews gaming chair reviews xbox game reviews mobile game reviews best bluetooth speakers best over ear headphones best standing desk waterproof iphone 5 case biggest lego set ipad porn best open world games star wars gifts cell phone insurance best bluetooth headphones for working out best laptops under 500 best radar detector amazon prime review apple iwatch price best chromebooks best compact camera best digital camera best dslr camera best gaming headset best gaming laptops best iphone 6 case best iphone games best noise cancelling headphones best office chairs best waterproof camera best wireless router 2017 best wireless speakers directv vs comcast directv vs dish dish channel guide how to jailbreak iphone 5 hulu plus vs netflix gadgets for men what does wifi stand for top rated bluetooth speakers best over ear headphones 2017 best standing desk 2017 waterproof iphone case best lego sets iphone porn gta 5 cheats ps3 star wars gift ideas cell phone insurance plans best blender 2017 best bluetooth workout headphones best laptop under 500 best radar detectors is amazon prime worth it best chromebooks 2017 best rated chromebook best acer chromebook best compact digital camera best digital camera 2017 best digital slr camera best xbox one headset best gaming laptop 2017 best gaming pc desktop computers 2017 iphone 6 case iphone games best noise cancelling headphones 2015 best office chair 2017 best point and shoot digital camera 2017 best underwater camera 2017 best wifi router best wireless speaker comcast vs directv dish vs directv directv channel guide how does tinder work how to jailbreak iphone 5c hulu vs netflix cool gadgets for men what is icloud for how does wifi work free ipad porn cheats for gta 5 best radar detector 2017 best star wars gifts amazon prime cost best headset for ps4 best ultrabook 2017 best wireless speaker 2017 dish network reviews amazon prime vs netflix best canon 2017 best canon best canon best canon best digital camera best digital camera best digital camera best digital camera Best Digital SLR Cameras 2015 Best Digital SLR Cameras 2015 Best Digital SLR Cameras 2015 Best Digital SLR Cameras 2015 Best DSLR for 2015 Best DSLR for 2015 Best DSLR for 2015 Best DSLR for 2015 best pro compact camera best pro compact camera best professional camcorder best professional camcorder best professional camcorder best professional camera best professional camera best professional camera best professional camera best digital camera 2015 best digital camera 2015 best digital camera 2015 best digital camera 2015 best digital camera brand best digital camera brand best digital camera brand best digital camera brand best camera for beginners best camera for beginners best camera for beginners best camera for beginners best camera for portraits best camera for portraits best camera for portraits best camera for portraits best digital camera money best digital camera money best digital camera money best digital camera money best digital camera world best digital camera world best digital camera world best digital camera world best digital camera reviews best digital camera reviews best digital camera reviews best digital camera reviews digital camera under $1000 digital camera under $1000 digital camera under $1000 digital camera under $1000 Best SLR cameras of 2015 Best SLR cameras of 2015 Best SLR cameras of 2015 Best SLR cameras of 2015 Best SLR cameras of 2017 Best SLR cameras of 2017 Best SLR cameras of 2017 Best SLR cameras of 2017 best digital video camera best digital video camera best digital video camera best digital video camera best slr digital camera best slr digital camera best slr digital camera best slr digital camera Canon Video Cameras Pro Canon Video Cameras Pro Canon Video Cameras Pro Canon Video Cameras Pro Good Cameras for Photography Good Cameras for Photography Good Cameras for Photography Good Cameras for Photography Pro Cameras for Photography Pro Cameras for Photography Pro Cameras for Photography Pro Cameras for Photography Professional Video Camera Professional Video Camera Professional Video Camera Professional Video Camera Best Camera for Photography Best Camera for Photography Best Camera for Photography Best Camera for Photography best pro digital camera best pro digital camera best pro digital camera best pro digital camera What is the Best Canon Camera What is the Best Canon Camera What is the Best Canon Camera What is the Best Canon Camera best reviews gadgets 2017 best gadgets 2017 survival gear mattress reviews vacuum cleaner reviews cool gadgets chromebook review air purifier reviews sound bar reviews smart tv reviews wireless wifi router reviews coffee maker reviews asus laptop reviews blu ray player reviews bluetooth speaker reviews projector reviews radar detector reviews blender reviews electric toothbrush reviews hd tv antenna reviews home security systems reviews drone reviews best 4k tv 2017 best tv for gaming 2017 cool furniture ultra hd 4k tv reviews tech gadgets all in one printer reviews point and shoot camera reviews acer laptop reviews waterproof camera reviews security camera reviews best home security system best home security system gas grill reviews noise cancelling headphones review programmable thermostat reviews smart lock reviews portable speaker reviews gaming keyboard reviews standing desk reviews best projector 2017 portable projector reviews spy gear gadget reviews fitbit reviews laptop computer reviews gadgets iphone 6 reviews tablet reviews refrigerator reviews best xbox one headset 2017 washing machine reviews best washer and dryer best washing machine 2017 digital camera reviews kitchen gadgets headphone reviews cell phone reviews fitness tracker reviews gadgets for men printer reviews gopro reviews led tv reviews bar accessories video game reviews asus laptop reviews best home theater projector 2017 samsung chromebook reviews best chromebook reviews geek toys telescope reviews video camera reviews android tablet reviews external hard drive reviews smart watch reviews microwave reviews ultrabook reviews ultrabook reviews best ultrabook 2017 ps4 reviews bluetooth headphones reviews toaster reviews xbox one game reviews desktop computer reviews computer monitor reviews gaming headset reviews television reviews appliance reviews gaming headset reviews travel gadgets toshiba laptop reviews pc game reviews dvr reviews flashlight reviews home automation reviews gaming laptop reviews kindle reviews ereader reviews universal remote reviews lcd tv reviews best business VOIP 2017 microsoft tablet reviews running watch reviews oled tv reviews breathalyzer reviews fitness gadgets gaming pc reviews webcam reviews gaming mouse reviews home theater receiver reviews home theater system reviews wireless speaker reviews 3d tv reviews best gaming chair gaming pc reviews over the ear headphones reviews iphone case reviews kitchen appliance reviews satellite tv reviews touchscreen laptop reviews hard drive reviews iphone game reviews home theater speaker reviews cloud services home automation system reviews graphics card reviews gaming monitor reviews ipad game reviews gaming chair reviews wireless hdmi reviews lawnmower reviews xbox game reviews mobile game reviews
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Entertaining Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Local Weather Traffic Closings National News Video Blogs Sports Phillies High School Eagles Flyers Sixers Blogs National Sports Video Business Entertainment News & Gossip Music Lifestyle Features / People Blogs Blogtown Food Obituaries Opinion Our say Sound off Letters to the Editor Columnists Blogs Blogs Staff Blogs Community Blogs Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Classifieds Public Notices Tools Contact Us Advertise with Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Order Photo Reprints Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription E-Paper Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education GasBuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â Lifestyle â Entertaining NEW TO STREAMING AND VOD: Revenge is at the core of ‘The Assignment’ COURTESY PHOTO By Amy Longsdorf, For Digital First Media Posted: 06/07/17, 11:42 AM EDT | Updated: 1 min ago # Comments Something of a bookend to Walter Hill’s pulp classic “Johnny Handsome” starring Mickey Rourke, “The Assignment” is an outrageously entertaining thriller which boasts a humdinger of a plot. Following a double-cross, brutal hitman Frank Kitchen (Michelle Rodriguez) wakes up to discover he’s been turned into a woman by a surgeon (Sigourney Weaver) out to avenge the murder of her brother. Now, it’s Frank’s turn to exact revenge on the not-so-good doctor. In between the bullet ballets, Hill explores a rich complex of gender, sexuality and class. Sure, the movie pushes the limits of credibility but it works thanks to the seedy B-movie atmosphere, Rodriguez’ fearless performance and Hill’s gutsy direction. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu. Also New To VOD and Streaming Aftermath: Arnold Schwarzenegger has never delivered a more pensive performance than he does in this based-on-a-true-story saga about a man so haunted by the loss of his wife and daughter in a plane crash that he sets out to find the air traffic controller (Scoot McNairy) responsible for the disaster. With surprising deftness, the movie toggles between Schwarzenegger and McNairy, both of whom are devastated in their own ways. Despite a too-abrupt ending, this study of grief proves arresting thanks to the tense atmosphere and the brooding, heartfelt turns by Schwarzenegger and McNairy. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu. Advertisement The Last Word: Crack the shell of this glib comedy and you’ll find a surprisingly crafty character study of a complicated woman. Shirley MacLaine stars as Harriet Lauler, a retired businesswoman and control freak who hires an obit writer (Allentown native Amanda Seyfried) to pen her obituary while she’s still alive. Too many of the situations are far-fetched but, to the film’s credit, it keeps veering away from clichés, preferring to provoke instead of soothe. MacLaine is the chief virtue; always keeping Harriet tart and interesting. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu. Orange Is The New Black: Season Five: When last we saw the ladies of Litchfield, a riot was underway thanks to the death of inmate Poussey (Samira Wiley). This season, it’s all about the ongoing uprising, with all 13 episodes taking place in real time over the course of three very tense days. Among those caught up in the unrest are Piper (Taylor Schilling) and Alex (Laura Prepon) as well as Daya (Dascha Polanco) who was featured in the cliffhanger moment from season four, pointing a gun at CO Humphrey as her fellow inmates urged her to pull the trigger. On Netflix Long Strange Trip: Running four hours, this definitive documentary about the Grateful Dead tracks the California band from its early days as the Warlocks through the psychedelic ‘60s and into Jerry Garcia’s heartbreaking final years. Band mates Bob Weir, Mickey Hart and Phil Lesh offer up candid interviews and there’s lots of previously unseen archival footage and concert sequences. One of the most fascinating segments showcases the obsessions of Dead Heads who take fandom to unparalleled heights. “Long Strange Trip” is a journey worth taking. On Amazon. Alena: Despair is at the heart of this teen-bullying drama from Sweden. Based on a graphic novel, the plot pivots on a lonely high-schooler named Alena (Amalia Holm) who is pulled out of her public school and placed in a posh private establishment where she runs afoul of mean girl Filippa (Molly Nutley.) But what Filippa doesn’t know is that Alena is shadowed by a mysterious friend who is determined to keep her pal safe from harm. Expect gorgeous visuals and a fair amount of suspense but “Alena” derails rather quickly as the bodies – and the clichés - start piling up. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu. Shimmer Lake: Fast-rising scripter Oren Uziel (the upcoming “God Particle,” “22 Jump Street”) makes his directorial debut with this inventive thriller which unfolds in reverse, day by day through the week. Benjamin Walker stars as a local sheriff struggling to unlock the mystery of three small-town criminals and a bank heist gone wrong. Stephanie Sigman, Wyatt Russell, and Rainn Wilson co-star in the movie which aims for a “Fargo”-esque blending of comedy, suspense and violence. On Netflix. Teen Titles Dumb - The Story of Big Brother Magazine: Fresh from its premiere at the Tribeca Film Fest comes this documentary about of the rise and fall of the cult magazine Big Brother, a skateboarding journal whose ribald humor as well as its coverage of nudity and stunts helped pave the way for “Jackass” and a generation of skaters. Expect plenty of original footage as well as interviews with the magazine’s stars, including Johnny Knoxville and Spike Jonze. At Tribeca, the film was hailed as “a stylish celebration of the lowbrow legacy of.. ‘90’s counterculture.” On Hulu. For The Kids Kuu Kuu Harajuku – Music, Baby!: Co-created by Gwen Stefani, this Nickelodeon series spotlights a super cool band made of five super cool gals. Even though the girls are talented, their concerts always seem to get derailed by crazy circumstances, including the arrival of space aliens, adorable (and ravenous) monster pets and very hungry babies. Even with all their problems, the band mates always work together to save the day, ensuring a Kuu Kuu ride for all. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu. Americano: Get ready for an animated adventure which the Dove Foundation calls “charming and colorful.” Rico Rodriguez from “Modern Family” voices young parrot Cuco who heads to Hollywood to learn the stunt business after his family bird circus is taken over by a bully bird (Cheech Marin.) Kate Del Castillo, Gabriel Inglesias, Edward James Olmos and Lisa Kudrow round out the cast. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu. Subscribe to Home Delivery for only $2.50 per week! Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Daily Local News Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © Daily Local News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land Offline to online Snap acquires Placed to better measure in-app ads to in-store sales Ad battle rages Google will start blocking 'annoying' ads on Chrome next year Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home CMO Zone Get the most important digital marketing news each day. What marketers need to know about the Apple WWDC announcements [Podcast] In this week's show, our crew explains what Apple said this week about ad targeting and autoplay blocking in Safari, the new HomePod device and more. Matt McGee on June 7, 2017 at 4:06 pm More Browsers have become a battleground for ads, and Apple announced its latest salvo this week at their annual WWDC (Worldwide Developers Conference): Safari will soon begin limiting third-party ad trackers from following users around the web. (Google made headlines recently with its announcement that “annoying” ads will be blocked in its Chrome browser.) Apple also shared plans to have Safari block autoplay videos by default — a move that could have significant impact on video ads. In this week’s episode of our Marketing Land Live podcast, we discuss the Safari announcements and explain how they could impact the digital advertising landscape. We also talk about Apple’s announcement of HomePod, its new, in-home speaker/assistant that will compete with Amazon Echo and Google Home — even though Apple seemed to purposely downplay that competition. This week’s show runs 35 minutes. You can listen here or use the link below to subscribe via your favorite podcast service. We invite you to subscribe via iTunes or Google Play Podcasts. Show notes WWDC: Safari will block third-party ad trackers from following users around the web How Apple’s Intelligent Tracking Prevention works & why Google/Facebook could benefit most Google confirms it will start blocking ‘annoying’ ads on Chrome next year Apple introduces HomePod: A premium speaker with Siri Thanks for listening! We’ll be back soon with another episode of Marketing Land Live. About The Author Matt McGee Matt McGee is the Editor-In-Chief of Marketing Land and Search Engine Land. His news career includes time spent in TV, radio, and print journalism. After leaving traditional media in the mid-1990s, he began developing and marketing websites and continued to provide consulting services for more than 15 years. His SEO and social media clients ranged from mom-and-pop small businesses to one of the Top 5 online retailers. Matt is a longtime speaker at marketing events around the U.S., including keynote and panelist roles. He can be found on Twitter at @MattMcGee. You can read Matt's disclosures on his personal blog. You can reach Matt via email using our Contact page. Popular Stories Facebook adds templates for Canvas ads, extends iAd-like format to Collections How Apple’s Intelligent Tracking Prevention works & why Google/Facebook could benefit most The 5 best digital marketing courses for the modern-day marketer Instagram’s direct-response Story ads are available for self-serve buys Related Topics AppleApple: SafariChannel: CMO ZoneDisplay AdvertisingDisplay Advertising: Ad BlockingMarketing Land Live Podcast Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers The Multiplier Effect of Integrating Search and Social Advertising State of Digital Advertising 2017 Email Deliverability Guide: Making It to the Subscriber Inbox How to Create Agile Content for Your Brand How to Create Content at Scale with Limited Budgets See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store BREAKING: Stocks Fall After Nasdaq Hits Record High  |  IBD/TIPP Economic Optimism Holds At 51.3  |  Nordstrom Mulls 'Going Private' News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Technology Amazon's Reentry Into Smartphones Signals Battle For India E-Commerce Amazon's return to the smartphone world may be its way to gain ground in India. (Amazon) BRIAN DEAGON 6/07/2017 Reprints Plans by Amazon.com (AMZN) to make a line of smartphones is about its passage to India — in a battle to dominate the e-commerce market after having failed in China, says Edison Investment Research. The big dent in profits in Amazon's overseas operations, revealed in its first-quarter earnings report, is largely due to its determination not to lose India to Alibaba (BABA), as it did China, wrote Edison analyst Richard Windsor in a research brief Wednesday. "Alibaba wiped the floor with Amazon in China," Windsor wrote, "and with developed markets maturing, Amazon's long-term growth is at least partially dependent on history not repeating itself in India." Like China, India is heavily dependent on mobile devices and not fixed landlines. To win the e-commerce wars in India, says Windsor, Amazon's plan will be to offer good smartphones at low prices, with the hope they will be used for e-commerce transactions with Amazon. According to a report from India-based Gadgets 360, an affiliate of Indian TV station NDTV, Amazon is testing a new line of company-branded smartphones, known internally as "Ice." The smartphones would run the latest version of the Android operating system and include a variety of Google applications, such as Gmail and Google Play, making the phones fully compliant with the Google ecosystem by Alphabet (GOOGL). Amazon has not commented on the report. "The Ice device portfolio could serve as a way to encourage users to do their online shopping with Amazon rather than Flipkart," Windsor said. "Google has no e-commerce offering to speak of and so Amazon can produce Google ecosystem devices (which Indian users demand) and at the same time install its shopping apps, optimize them and set them by default," Windsor wrote. IBD'S TAKE: While Amazon faces increased competition overseas, the stock has been outperforming much of the market. Amazon, an IBD Leaderboard stock, has a strong IBD Composite Rating of 97 out of a possible 99. The stock hit a record high on Tuesday. Amazon stock was up 0.7% to 1,010.07 in the stock market today. Alphabet was up 0.5% to 1,001.59. Amazon's initial attempt at making smartphones, the Fire Phone, was a massive flop, attributable in part to high prices, gimmicky software and apps that users didn't want. Amazon quit the Fire Phone in 2015. The new line of phones would reportedly come with the latest Qualcomm (QCOM) Snapdragon processor and be priced under $100, said Gadgets 360, saying the information came from two sources familiar with the matter. "Hence, we can see Amazon selling Ice devices at 0% gross margins in order to win over more affluent Indian users to its shopping proposition at the expense of Flipkart & Co.," Windsor wrote. Flipkart is the e-commerce leader in India with a 35% market share, followed by Amazon at 23% and Snapdeal at 15%. Flipkart, founded by two former Amazon employees, recently received a $1.4 billion investment from Microsoft (MSFT), eBay (EBAY) and China's Tencent Holdings (TCEHY). Flipkart is reportedly in talks to acquire Snapdeal. "Softbank, the backer of Flipkart, is keen for it to merge with Snapdeal which, if perfectly executed, would give the combined entity 50% share," said Windsor. The combination of Flipkart and Snapdeal could be enough to defeat Amazon in India, says Windsor. Amazon has pledged to invest $5 billion in Amazon India, which it launched in 2013. RELATED: Android Passes Windows As Top Internet Operating System Amazon Reportedly Ends Talks To Acquire Stake In Middle East E-Com Leader BRIAN DEAGON | Facebook | @IBD_BDeagon Share this: Related news Shares surged over 11% early Thursday after the company announced bullish revenue forecasts.(Alibaba) Stocks Reverse Lower; Retailers Surge, Alibaba Issues Bullish Forecast 10:07 AM ET The stock market opened higher, but quickly reversed lower in morning trading as investors digested the European Central Bank's actions... 10:07 AM ET The stock market opened higher, but quickly reversed lower in... IBD/TIPP Poll Finds Record Optimism Gap Between Sexes, Races Nordstrom Rockets As Family Explores 'Going Private' This Retail Giant Sees Hope In Its 'Massive Parking Lots' Alibaba Soars On This Stunning Growth Forecast Stocks Defend Narrow Gains; 3 China Names Top Buy Points Nvidia Stock Could Double In Bull Case; eBay, PayPal Targets Upped Retail And E-Commerce News And Stocks To Watch Best Chinese Stocks To Buy And Watch Today's Spotlight Try Leaderboard IBD Leaderboard is outperforming the S&P 500 by 27%. Start a 2-week FREE trial. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Boston (6/10) or St. Louis (6/24) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! Let’s Stay in Touch! Get Free Emails on: Educational Content, Invitations to Special Events, Exclusive Offers and More! More News 3 Big Events, 2 China Plays, 1 Bitcoin Chip Stock: Investing Action Plan 'Star Wars,' 'Call of Duty,' Scorpio Vying To Be Top Guns At E3 Show Get the #1 trading app in the App Store from TD Ameritrade Promoted Content By TD Ameritrade Special Report IBD/TIPP Poll: Presidential Approval, Direction Of Country Trump's standing in the overall Presidential Leadership Index slipped in June, but his numbers remain above the low they hit in April. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Wired Business Conference 2017 subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours We typically don't suggest camping in your car. But for the sake of seeing what a driverless future looks like? Sure wrd.cm/2sFA6Fs Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Tom Simonite. Tom Simonite Business Date of Publication: 06.07.17. 06.07.17 Time of Publication: 3:50 pm. 3:50 pm Google’s AI Eye Doctor Gets Ready to Go to Work in India Lily Peng speaks with WIRED’s Sarah Fallon.Cole Wilson for WIRED Google is poised to begin a grand experiment in using machine learning to widen access to healthcare. If it is successful, it could see the company help protect millions of people with diabetes from an eye disease that leads to blindness. Last year researchers at the search and ads company announced that they had trained image recognition algorithms to detect signs of diabetes-related eye disease roughly as well as human experts. The software examines photos of a patient’s retina to spot tiny aneurisms indicating the early stages of a condition called diabetic retinopathy, which causes blindness if untreated. At the 2017 WIRED Business Conference in New York City today, a leader of Google’s project said that work has begun on integrating the technology into a chain of eye hospitals in India. The country is one of the many places around the world where a lack of ophthalmologists means many diabetics don’t get the recommended annual screening for diabetic retinopathy, said Lily Peng, a product manager with the Google Brain AI research group. “This kind of blindness is completely preventable, but because people can’t get screened, half suffer vision loss before they’re detected,” she said, describing the current situation in India. “One of the promises of this technology is being able to make healthcare more accessible.” There are more than 400 million people worldwide with diabetes, including 70 million in India. Peng, who is an MD, was featured on WIRED’s Next List of 20 tech visionaries creating the future earlier this year. In India, Google is working with the Aravind Eye Care System, a network of eye hospitals established in the late 1970s and credited with helping reduce the incidence of blindness caused by cataracts in the country. Aravind helped Google develop its retinal screening system by contributing some of the images needed to train its image parsing algorithms. The system uses the same deep learning technique that allows Google’s image search and photo storage service do things like differentiate between dogs, cats, and people. Google’s paper last year just described the accuracy of that technology when applied to retinal images, not its use in the clinic. Peng said today that Google has just finished a clinical study in India—meaning the technology was used in real patient care—with Aravind. Work is now under way on getting the technology into routine use with patients, she said. Peng dismissed suggestions that while this technology might be good for patients, it could mean fewer jobs for doctors. She said Google’s algorithms would instead do screening work not being done today due to skills shortages while freeing physicians for more important tasks. “There’s not enough expertise to go, we need to have our specialists working on treating people who are sick,” said Peng. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Artificial Intelligence automation google healthcare machine learning Wired Business Conference 2017 Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email Artificial Intelligence automation google healthcare machine learning Wired Business Conference 2017 Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Email Author: Angela Watercutter. Angela Watercutter Business Date of Publication: 06.07.17. 06.07.17 Time of Publication: 6:13 pm. 6:13 pm Westworld’s Creators Know Why Sci-Fi Is So Dystopian Jonathan Nolan and Lisa Joy.Cole Wilson for WIRED The first season of Westworld wasted no time in going from “hey cool, robots!” to “well, that was bleak.” Death, destruction, android torture—it’s all been there from the pilot onward. Then again, on a show about a theme park staffed with sentient robots—sorry, “hosts”—those outcomes are exactly what audiences have come to expect. If science fiction has taught folks anything, it’s that the machines will always rise up against humankind. But why does sci-fi always veer dystopian? Westworld’s creators have a theory. Storytelling, according to show co-creator Jonathan Nolan, serves an evolutionary purpose, allowing us to try out different realities. With sci-fi, because it’s so often forward-looking, “we’re inventing cautionary tales for ourselves,” Nolan said today at WIRED’s 2017 Business Conference in New York. In other words, when your creations would hurt a fly, it’s time to start worrying. ‘It's not going to be a beautiful lady or a beautiful man who is going to come and be your overlord.’ So does that mean Nolan and his co-creator (and wife) Lisa Joy think Westworld is a foreseeable future? Not entirely. For Nolan, the robots on his show represent more of an allegory for human behavior than a cautionary tale. And Joy sees Westworld, and sci-fi in general, as an opportunity to talk about what humanity could or should do if things start to go wrong, especially now that advancements in artificial intelligence technologies are making things like androids seem far more plausible than before. “We’re leaping into the age of the unfathomable, the time when machines [can do things we can’t],” Joy said. Even though their show loosely taps into the dystopian trope of the AI uprising, Westworld’s co-creators don’t think the actual AI being developed right now will lead to total apocalypse. Instead, Joy said, little bits of AI—like Amazon predicting your purchasing needs or cars helping you drive home—will take over people’s lives piecemeal. Right now, however, “these technologies don’t have a moral compass yet,” Nolan said, adding that thanks to the algorithms telling people what news they might want to read and what opinions they might want to hear, “we’re in a time of artificial ignorance.” If and when true androids do arrive, though, don’t expect them to look like the passing-for-human hosts of Westworld, though. “We anthropomorphized what the AI will look like,” Joy says. “That’s not going to happen. It’s not going to be a beautiful lady or a beautiful man who is going to come and be your overlord.” Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. TV Wired Business Conference 2017 Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email TV Wired Business Conference 2017 Author: Liz Stinson. Liz Stinson Design Date of Publication: 06.07.17. 06.07.17 Time of Publication: 6:04 pm. 6:04 pm Apple’s Architect Says the Future of Offices Must Be Flexible Norman Foster. Ask Norman Foster what if anything he’d like to change about Apple’s recently constructed headquarters in Cupertino, California, and he’ll need a moment to think. The famed architect, whose firm spent the last eight years perfecting plans for Apple’s glassy Campus 2, is mostly pleased with the results. But there is one thing: “The only hesitation I have is in terms of the changing patterns of transportation,” Foster said today at the WIRED Business Conference. Apple’s headquarters feature a massive underground garage built to hold 11,000 vehicles. Today, that’s an amenity. But not too far in the future, it’s entirely possible that cars (and garages) will be far less important. “Maybe the conventional garage needs to be rethought and rethought now,” Foster continued. “Maybe if I had a second time around I’d be putting a lot of persuasive pressure to say, ‘Make the floor-to-floor of a car park that much bigger, so if you’re not going to be filling it with cars in the future you could more easily retrofit it for more habitable space.” For Foster, the future of workplace design is dependent on this kind of flexibility. It might sound counterintuitive given Steve Jobs’ unrelenting attention to detail. Foster recalls when Jobs first approached him in 2009 to talk about building a new campus. “He had a very clear vision in terms of what the project was,” Foster said on stage. Jobs wanted the building to lie low to the ground to blend into the surrounding landscape. The late Apple CEO dictated everything from door handles to materials to the ultra-tight tolerances required throughout the building. Jobs was obsessed with glass and wanted to encourage the connection between indoors and outdoors, going as far as to build a door in the campus’ restaurant that could completely open in 12 seconds, eliminating the barrier to the outside world. It’s easy to assume a strict adherence to vision would stifle flexibility. “The reverse is actually true,” Foster said. The best buildings, he contends, require a strong point of view. They must be thoughtfully designed to adapt to the ways humans and society will inevitably change, and that requires more than just building open-plan layouts. Ultimately, the most enduring workplaces will take into account the deep-rooted desires of the people who spend time there. They’ll prioritize smart paths of circulation to help people connect with one another. Instead of sequestering employees into glass boxes, they’ll encourage them to connect with nature. To be truly competitive, architects and companies have to think beyond productivity. “From the very beginning, I’ve protested the idea that an office headquarters, whether it’s mega or micro, is only about work,” Foster said. “It’s about lifestyle.” Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple Architecture Wired Business Conference 2017 Work Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email apple Architecture Wired Business Conference 2017 Work Author: David Pierce. David Pierce Gear Date of Publication: 06.07.17. 06.07.17 Time of Publication: 6:00 pm. 6:00 pm Andy Rubin Has a Plan to Smarten Up the Connected Home Andy Rubin speaks with WIRED’s Jason Tanz. Cole Wilson for WIRED Andy Rubin is an excellent sharer. The longtime inventor, founder of Android, and current CEO of two companies—tech incubator Playground and gadget maker Essential—believes strongly that the best way to invent the future is to do it together. That’s why he encourages the companies he funds and advises at Playground to share technology, he said today at WIRED’s 2017 Business Conference in New York. “A lot of those building blocks are pretty repetitive,” Rubin said. “So a lot of the work this team does is repeatable.” For the same reason, Rubin’s already sharing details of how Essential plans to organize and orchestrate the smart home, and then help others do the same. Essential only launched publicly at the end of May, introducing two products: a phone and a smart-home hub. The phone, Rubin told the Business Conference crowd, is a necessary first step for the company. “Your phone is your main screen,” he said. “You probably sleep with your phone two feet away from you on your nightstand.” (Guilty.) The screen in your pocket is your primary point of access for all the communication, work, and time-wasting you do in a day. Rubin wanted to make a great phone, earn space in your pocket, and then start to build new tech atop that platform. The long-term vision for Essential, Rubin said, is more closely aligned with the Essential Home, which Rubin hopes you’ll put in your kitchen or living room and use to control all the connected devices where you live. Just don’t call it a smart speaker, or compare it to an Amazon Echo. “It’s beginning to explore the relationships of the mixed-mode interface,” Rubin said. “You have a touchscreen and an LCD combined with speech, combined with the other sensors you have in your home like cameras and doorbells and locks.” The Home’s job is to take your August Smart Lock, your Nest thermostat, your Philips Hue lights, and that Samsung fridge you bought with a huge touchscreen, and make them all work together. Right now, they don’t; they’re all built on different ecosystems and platforms that refuse to talk together. “Everybody’s building islands,” Rubin said. “And they’re expecting people to plug into them. When really what has to happen is—and this happened with Android—these islands need bridges.” Rubin admitted this is hard work, and a long road. But he’s even starting to think about Essential’s next product. There’s Home, Phone—and maybe soon, Car. Rubin specifically mentioned the potential power of a really smart dashcam anyone can put in their car. Before he gets there, Rubin has a phone and a smart-home hub to ship. And a whole lot of bridges to build. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Andy Rubin smart home smartphones Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email Andy Rubin smart home smartphones Author: Megan Molteni. Megan Molteni Business Date of Publication: 06.07.17. 06.07.17 Time of Publication: 5:03 pm. 5:03 pm Crispr May Cure All Genetic Disease—One Day Jennifer Doudna. Cole Wilson for WIRED Jennifer Doudna was sitting in her UC Berkeley office when she got the first call from a reporter asking what she thought about scientists using Crispr to modify embryos. At the time, the embryos in question were monkeys. It was late 2014, and Doudna was just beginning to become the face of Crispr/Cas9—the bacterial enzyme behind today’s gene editing revolution. Since then she has fielded an ongoing avalanche of questions about the implications of her discovery. How it’s going to change the future of everything from medicine to agriculture to energy production. But inevitably the questions always get around to super-babies. Today, at WIRED’s 2017 Business Conference in New York, it took just a few minutes. Doudna said it was exactly this possibility—Crispr custom-designed human offspring—that made her take a step back from her own research and get involved in public discussions around the technology. For the last few years she’s been speaking to scientists, politicians, and federal regulators around the world about the potential risks and rewards of Crispr. “I think it’s really likely that in the not-too-distant future it will cure genetic disease,” she said. “But globally we need to come up with a consensus on moving forward in a responsible way.” In 2015, Doudna was part of a broad coalition of leading biologists who agreed to a worldwide moratorium on gene editing to the “germ line,” which is to say, edits that get passed along to subsequent generations. But it’s legally non-binding, and scientists in China have already begun experiments that involve editing the genome of human embryos. Using Crispr to cure inheritable genetic diseases is still a long way off, and fraught with ethical potholes. Which is why Doudna said people who are excited about the possibilities of Crispr shouldn’t look to the clinic for its first big successes, but rather to the farm field. “When I think about where we are likely to see the biggest impacts in the shortest amount of time, I really think it’s going to be in agriculture,” she said. Plant breeders have always been geneticists at heart. And with the precision and ease of Crispr, identifying and separating out desirable traits has the potential to speed up new crop development by several orders of magnitude. Agro-giants DuPont and Monsanto have invested in Crispr licenses to accelerate their R&D efforts toward creating crops that can withstand changing climates and new disease and pest burdens. In test plots around the world gene edited crops are already growing—from longer-lasting potatoes and flood-resistant rice to drought-hardy corn and mildew-proof wheat, to name just a few. As a tomato farmer, Doudna was most excited about a paper that came out just last month. In it, scientists from Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in New York tackled some of the crop’s trickiest modern traits. While wild plants benefit from dropping fruit—it helps seed dispersal—farmers want plants where the fruit stays on, so mechanical pickers have an easier time harvesting them. When breeders found a trait called ‘jointless’ that did keep the fruit on the vine, they rushed to incorporate it into their domesticated tomato varieties. But when they crossed ‘jointless’ into existing tomato breeds, the resulting plants put out all these extra branches, actually diminishing the number of fruits they produced. Using genetics to trace back 10,000 years of tomato domestication, Cold Spring Harbor researchers discovered which genes led to that weird branching. Then they used Crispr to edit their activity. The result—tomato plants with great yields that don’t drop their fruits. “For me, that really illustrates the potential for this,” Doudna said. “Crispr allows plant breeders to do things that would have been very difficult, sometimes impossible in the past.” Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. biotechnology CRISPR/Cas9 gene editing Science Wired Business Conference 2017 Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email biotechnology CRISPR/Cas9 gene editing Science Wired Business Conference 2017 Author: Klint Finley. Klint Finley Business Date of Publication: 06.07.17. 06.07.17 Time of Publication: 3:21 pm. 3:21 pm The Day Will Come When Your Credit Card Will Disappear Jim McCarthy.Cole Wilson for WIRED Visa is one of the most recognized brands in the world. Its logo is synonymous with the plastic forms of payment for which the company is still best known. The ability to pay for things with a debit card or your smartphone instead of having to carry around cash (or something to barter) is sort of miraculous. For nearly the whole of human history, and in many parts of the world still, economies have been built on the premise of physical mediums of exchange. If Visa’s innovation chief Jim McCarthy has his way, Visa itself may soon become invisible. “The magic of Uber and Amazon, they made payment kind of disappear,” McCarthy said at the 2017 Wired Business Conference in New York today. (Visa is the conference’s main corporate sponsor.) Naturally, McCarthy wants Visa to stay at the center of the payments ecosystem, even as the consumer-side of paying for stuff becomes less visible. And to do that, he says, Visa has focused on making it easier for tech companies like Apple and Samsung to tap into Visa’s services. As an example, when you use something like Apple Pay or Samsung Pay, the software actually creates a unique card number for each of your devices. So if you have an iPhone, a Samsung Gear watch, and a debit card, each one of those has a unique card number tied back to your bank account. If one of your accounts is compromised, new numbers can be created for the devices in the background without you ever having to know about it Eventually, that that could mean the end of having to manually change your credit card number with every different service every time you get a new card. To make all that work, the payment apps actually have to communicate with Visa’s servers to generate and process card numbers. It’s not hard to imagine more radical scenarios, like the ability to simply walk into a store, take what you want, and leave without having to worry about the entire payment process. When that finally happens, Visa wants to be there, making all the hard parts of sending and receiving money around the world look easy. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. payments visa Wired Business Conference 2017 Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email payments visa Wired Business Conference 2017 Author: Arielle Pardes. Arielle Pardes Gear Date of Publication: 06.07.17. 06.07.17 Time of Publication: 2:34 pm. 2:34 pm Amazon Imagines a Future of Infinite Computing Power David Limp speaks with WIRED editor-in-chief Nicholas Thompson. When David Limp thinks about the future of Alexa, the AI assistant he oversees at Amazon, he imagines a world not unlike Star Trek—a future in which you could be anywhere, asking anything, and an ambient computer would be there to fulfill your every need. “Imagine a world in the not-so-distant future where you could have infinite computing power and infinite storage,” Limp said today at WIRED’s 2017 Business Conference in New York. “If you take off the constrains of servers and building up infrastructure, what could you do?” Limp, who has worked at Amazon since 2010 as the senior vice president for devices, sees Alexa as a critical part of this future. Already, you can shout “Hey, Alexa,” and get the assistant to tell you the weather forecast, turn off the lights, hail an Uber, or thousands of other things that Amazon and developers have trained it to do. But Limp says there’s still plenty more work to be done before we live in the AI-assisted future he thinks about every day, and much of that effort has to do with training machines to better understand humans. Since Alexa made its debut in 2014, the virtual assistant has taken lease in dedicated devices like the Echo, Tap, Echo Dot, Echo Look, Echo Show, as well as dozens of other supported devices. All that interaction with humans has given Alexa plenty of voice data to parse through—data that’s helped train the assistant to understand preferences, recognize different accents, even figure out the intent of a request without specific keywords. A year ago, if you’d told Alexa to “order a car,” it wouldn’t have understood what you meant. (What, like, order one from the Amazon Marketplace?) Now, through improved machine learning, Alexa knows what you mean and will prompt you to enable an Uber or Lyft skill so that it can summon your ride. Of course, Alexa is far from perfect. Limp says one near-future goal would be improving Alexa’s understanding of anaphora—so if you ask, “Who’s the president of the United States?” and then follow up by asking, “How old is he?” Alexa knows you’re still talking about Donald Trump. Amazon is also tinkering with Alexa’s short-term and long-term memory, so that the bot can recall context from yesterday’s conversation as well as the thing you asked it five seconds ago. Those changes involve a shift toward making devices that aren’t personal but can work for everyone. Think more like a wall clock in the kitchen, which everyone in a household can glance at to get the time, rather than a smartphone, which is designed for one person to use. “As we design the interfaces for Alexa, whether voice or graphical, it’s about making it ambient and so that anybody can use it,” Limp said on stage. “If you ask for a timer and I ask for a timer, they’re both going to work.” In a world where devices will surround people all the time, those gadgets will have to understand what humans mean, however they choose to say it. For anyone who uses Alexa, that education is already under way: Every time someone talks to their Echo, the world inches a little bit closer to that Starship Enterprise future Limp imagines. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Alexa Amazon Artificial Intelligence machine learning voice recognition Wired Business Conference 2017 Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email Alexa Amazon Artificial Intelligence machine learning voice recognition Wired Business Conference 2017 Author: Klint Finley. Klint Finley Business Date of Publication: 06.07.17. 06.07.17 Time of Publication: 2:19 pm. 2:19 pm How Google Copes When Even It Can’t Afford Enough Gear Urs Hölzle and Google’s AI chip, the TPU 2.0.Cole Wilson for WIRED Urs Hölzle has a big job. As senior vice president of technical infrastructure at Google, he’s in charge of the hundreds of thousands of servers in data centers spread across the planet to power the company’s ever widening range of services. He’s also the person that the company’s engineers turn to when all that computing power turns out not to be enough. Today at the 2017 Wired Business Conference in New York, Hölze explained that even with its enormous resources, Google has had to find ways to economize its operations in order to meet its ambitious goals. Most recently, he said, the company was forced to start building its own artificial intelligence chips because the company’s existing infrastructure just wouldn’t cut it. Around five years ago, Jeff Dean, who ran Google’s artificial intelligence group, realized that his team’s technique for speech recognition was getting really good. So good in fact, that he thought it was ready to move from the lab to the real world by powering Android’s voice-control system. But when Dean and Hölzle ran the numbers, they realized that if every Android user in the world used about three minutes of voice recognition time per day, Google would need twice as much computing power to handle it all. The world’s largest computing infrastructure, in other words, would have to double in size. “Even for Google that is not something you can afford, because Android is free, Android speech recognition is free, and you want to keep it free, and you can’t double your infrastructure to do that,” Hölzle says. What Google decided to do instead, Hölzle said, is create a whole new type of chip specialized exclusively for machine learning. He likens traditional CPU chips to everyday cars—they have to do a lot of things relatively well to make sure you get where you’r going. An AI chip, on the other hand, has to do just one thing exceptionally well. “What we built was the equivalent of a drag race car, it can only do one thing, go straight as fast as it can,” he says. “Everything else it is really, really bad at, but this one thing it is super good at.” Google’s custom chips could handle AI tasks far more efficiently than traditional chips, which meant the company could support not just voice recognition, but a broad range of other tasks as well without breaking the bank. Pattern Recognition This pattern has repeated itself again and again during Hölzle’s time at Google. He says that when he started at the company in 1999 (he was somewhere between the seventh and 11th employee hired by Google, depending on how you count), Google only had around 50 servers and was straining to support the number of search queries it received each day. But even with $25 million in venture funding, the company couldn’t afford to buy enough ready-made servers to meet its growing demand. “If we had done it with the machines, the servers, that people were using, professional servers, real servers, that would have blown our $25 million in an instant,” he says. “It really was not an option, so we were forced to look for other ways to do the same thing more cheaply.” Related Stories Cade Metz Google Rattles the Tech World With a New AI Chip for All Cade Metz The Race To Build An AI Chip For Everything Just Got Real Cade Metz Building an AI Chip Saved Google From Building a Dozen New Data Centers So Hölzle and company built their own servers out of cheap parts. Each individual server was less powerful and reliable than a professional-grade machine, but together the clusters of computers they assembled was more powerful and reliable than what they could purchased otherwise. Google didn’t invent the idea of using big clusters of cheap machines in lieu of more expensive hardware—that honor might go to the nearly forgotten search engine Inktomi—but it did popularize the model by proving that it could work on a massive scale. Hölzle and his team had to do something similar years later when it found that off-the-shelf networking gear no longer met its needs. So few companies needed switches that could support the number machines Google had that no established networking company was interested in producing them. So, once again, Hölzle and his team had to build their own gear—something that other companies, like Facebook, now do as well. “These decisions become a lot easier if all the other alternatives are non-viable,” Hölzle says. “It’s not necessarily that we’re somehow bolder or more insightful, but it’s actually that for many of these things in our history, it was almost a forced choice, you didn’t really have a viable alternative that you could buy.” But Hölzle probably isn’t giving himself enough credit. Most people, after exhausting all the viable options, would conclude that their task is impossible. When Hölzle ran out of options, he created new ones. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. google Infrastructure Wired Business Conference 2017 Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email google Infrastructure Wired Business Conference 2017 Author: Emily Dreyfuss. Emily Dreyfuss Business Date of Publication: 06.07.17. 06.07.17 Time of Publication: 12:10 pm. 12:10 pm Hacking Online Hate Means Talking to the Humans Behind It Yasmin Green, right, speaks with WIRED’s Issie Lapowsky.Cole Wilson for WIRED Yasmin Green leads a team at Google’s parent company with an audacious goal: solving the thorniest geopolitical problems that emerge online. Jigsaw, where she is the head of research and development, is a think tank within Alphabet tasked with fighting the unintended unsavory consequences of technological progress. Green’s radical strategy for tackling the dark side of the web? Talk directly to the humans behind it. That means listening to fake news creators, jihadis, and cyber bullies so that she and her team can understand their motivations, processes, and goals. “We look at censorship, cybersecurity, cyberattacks, ISIS—everything the creators of the internet did not imagine the internet would be used for,” Green said today at WIRED’s 2017 Business Conference in New York. Last week, Green traveled to Macedonia to meet with peddlers of fake news, those click-hungry opportunists who had such a sway over the 2016 presidential election in the US. Her goal was to understand the business model of fake news dissemination so that she and her team can create algorithms to identify the process and disrupt it. She learned that these content farms utilize social media and online advertising—the same tools used by legit online publishers. “[The problem of fake news] starts off in a way that algorithms should be able to detect,” she said. Her team is now working on a tool that could be shared across Google as well as competing platforms like Facebook and Twitter to thwart that system. ‘It’s mostly good people making bad decisions who join violent extremist groups.’ Along with fake news, Jigsaw is intensely focused on combatting online pro-terror propaganda. Last year, Green and her team travelled to Iraq to speak directly to ex-ISIS recruits. The conversations led to a tool called the Redirect Method, which uses machine learning detect extremist sympathies based on search patterns. Once detected, the Redirect Method serves these users videos that show the ugly side of ISIS—a counternarrative to the allure of the ideology. At the point that they are buying a ticket to join the caliphate, she said, it was too late. “It’s mostly good people making bad decisions who join violent extremist groups,” Green says. “So the job was: let’s respect that these people are not evil and they are buying into something and lets use the power of targeted advertising to reach them, the people who are sympathetic but not sold.” Since its launch last year, 300,000 people have watched videos served up by the Redirect Method—a total of more than half a million minutes, Green said. WIRED Business Conference Angela Watercutter Westworld’s Creators Know Why Sci-Fi Is So Dystopian Liz Stinson Apple’s Architect Says the Future of Offices Must Be Flexible Megan Molteni Crispr May Cure All Genetic Disease—One Day Beyond fake news and extremism, Green’s team has also created a tool to target toxic speech in comment sections on news organizations’ sites. They created Perspective, a machine-learning algorithm that uses context and sentiment training to detect potential online harassment and alert moderators to the problem. The beta version is being used by the likes of the New York Times. But as Green explained, it’s a constantly evolving tool. One potential worry is that it could be itself biased against certain words, ideas, even tones of speech. To counteract that risk, Jigsaw decided not to open up the API to allow others to set the parameters themselves, fearing that an authoritarian regime might use the tool for full-on censorship. “We have to take measures to keep these tools from being misused,” she said. Just like the internet itself, which has been used in destructive ways its creators could never have imagined, Green is aware that the solutions her team creates could also be abused. That risk is always on her mind, she says. But it’s not a reason to stop trying. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. fake news google terrorism Wired Business Conference 2017 Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story via Email fake news google terrorism Wired Business Conference 2017 Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Everything You Need to Know About James Comey’s Senate Hearing Security Everything You Need to Know About James Comey’s Senate Hearing Issie Lapowsky The Physics of Nearly Killing Yourself on a Motorcycle Science The Physics of Nearly Killing Yourself on a Motorcycle Rhett Allain The Internet Defines ‘Covfefe’ Internet Culture The Internet Defines ‘Covfefe’ Angela Watercutter Spoil Your Dad This Father’s Day With These 15 Great Gifts Gift Guide Spoil Your Dad This Father’s Day With These 15 Great Gifts Michael Calore The New Chrome and Safari Will Reshape the Web the web The New Chrome and Safari Will Reshape the Web Klint Finley Westworld’s Creators Know Why Sci-Fi Is So Dystopian TV Westworld’s Creators Know Why Sci-Fi Is So Dystopian Angela Watercutter Apple’s Architect Says the Future of Offices Must Be Flexible Architecture Apple’s Architect Says the Future of Offices Must Be Flexible Liz Stinson The Chatbot Therapist Will See You Now Bots The Chatbot Therapist Will See You Now Megan Molteni More Stories Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business Genetics Crispr May Cure All Genetic Disease—One Day Megan Molteni money The Day Will Come When Your Credit Card Will Disappear Klint Finley Kayla LaCour Women Engineers On the Rampant Sexism of Silicon Valley Security Hacking Online Hate Means Talking to the Humans Behind It Emily Dreyfuss Education In a Fake Fact Era, Schools Teach the ABCs of News Literacy Issie Lapowsky Gift Guide Spoil Your Dad This Father’s Day With These 15 Great Gifts Michael Calore We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours We typically don't suggest camping in your car. But for the sake of seeing what a driverless future looks like? Sure wrd.cm/2sFA6Fs Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours We typically don't suggest camping in your car. But for the sake of seeing what a driverless future looks like? Sure wrd.cm/2sFA6Fs Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us SecureDrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN Collection Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StoryNova Launcher Stable Update Includes Android O Notification Badges, Round Searchbar Styling Next StoryYou Can Now Find Facebook Video on Android TV, Sole Purpose is Video Watching by Kellex on Jun 7, 2017 @iamkellex Commercials News Home Share this Story Google Sure has Ramped Up Android and Google Product Ads We used to joke about how unwilling Google seemed to be to advertise its newly released products. Whether it was the newest Nexus phone or their own Chromebook, they just never put forth much effort into TV commercials that would air on an actual TV and not just YouTube. Now, with the launch of the Pixel and Google Home, they seem to have completely flipped on promotion and are always showing off some sort of new spot. Within the past couple of weeks, they’ve uploaded to YouTube at least four new Android Wear commercials, two Pixel ads, and another for Google Home. It’s tough to say whether or not these will air anywhere outside of their respective channels, but it would shock us if they didn’t. Google appears to be willing to become the promotional beast their bank account will allow them to become. And whether or not any of that matters to you, we still thought we’d share those new spots. Google does know how to put together a quality commercial.  Android Wear Pixel Google Home Post navigation Previous StoryNova Launcher Stable Update Includes Android O Notification Badges, Round Searchbar Styling Next StoryYou Can Now Find Facebook Video on Android TV, Sole Purpose is Video Watching #S8PlusIs Boss You can only laugh at Google and it’s useless products Google Home, Pixel handsets all boring, dull, uneventful, products. wade_county “And then your friends will be like, can it do reminders?” “And then you’ll be like, nope” Annajbriner Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj124d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj124d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash124MarketInfoPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj124d..,… Jpx There is something that just rubs me off as hipster with all the commercials. The Google home was great because it really did like explain and show off what was so amazing. And then it went back into its trying to sound hip mode, with the OMG, I K.N.O.W. Like quit trying to make it sound hip and just so how awesome the product is… Funny thing is I’m about to discredit everything I have said because I still love this Samsung Galaxy Note 4 commercial. WHICH IS AS HIPSTER as possible: https://youtu.be/nt_DcfUVrYM Killa OK Google….what song is this that’s playing? Nope… Adam Metzner It does this… Tarel Washington Google Home- ” Im sorry, i cant do that right now. Try again in a few seconds” (plays for 30 secs straight on repeat) About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path iOS11 FastestISPs AppleHomePod iMacPro HighTechCities Menu Home/ News & Analysis/ Cloud TPUs: A Chip to Make Every Business as Smart as Google Cloud TPUs: A Chip to Make Every Business as Smart as Google By Rob Marvin June 7, 2017 02:10pm EST 10 Comments Google SVP of Technical Infrastructure Urs Hölzle breaks down how Google's cloud-based Tensor Processing Units change the game for machine learning, and for business. At Google I/O last month, Google announced a new program called the TensorFlow Research Cloud, giving artificial intelligence researchers and data scientists access to a cluster of 1,000 Cloud TPUs to refine their machine-learning models with Google's purpose-built machine-learning chip. Now, Google is gearing up to make Cloud TPUs available for businesses through Google Cloud Platform. Cloud Tensor Processing Units (TPUs) are part of a trend toward AI-specific processors, and for Google in particular these cloud-based TPUs are the underlying compute element driving a top-to-bottom AI rewrite fundamentally redefining how Google's apps, infrastructure, software, and services function by building intelligence in from the ground up. At the Wired Business Conference in New York City today, Google SVP of Technical Infrastructure Urs Hölzle broke down the machine-learning power Google is democratizing with Cloud TPUs, and what businesses will soon be able to do with it. Google's AI pipeline is about far more than simply combining cloud infrastructure with business intelligence (BI). It starts with Cloud TPUs, which Hölzle explained by comparing it to a racecar. "When you create these [neural networks] you end up doing a lot of math, but it's a specialized kind of math. So if you build a special-purpose chip, you can do it much more efficiently," said Hölzle. "If you try to drive a regular car there's this blinding amount of attributes. If you look at a race car, it's made for a specific situation. What we built is kind of a drag race car. Go straight and go as fast as you can. The TPU we built does machine-learning computation and nothing else." Hölzle said there's no specific date on making Cloud TPUs available to businesses via Google Cloud, but that it's coming "soon." Google is using TPUs in everything from optimizing usage in its data centers to suggesting auto replies in Gmail. According to Hölzle, the AI-specific processing unit has 11 petaflops of capacity and can handle 180 trillion transactions per second related specifically to creating and training machine-learning models. For businesses, he explained how Cloud TPUs combined with the TensorFlow developer toolkit will allow businesses to develop machine-learning algorithms and applications for a wide variety of devices and use cases. "We're making this available soon on Google Cloud Platform. TPU is the solution for compute power and our toolchains are getting better with Cloud ML and TensorFlow to help you build these neural network models," said Hölzle. "It's also portable across different platforms. Run it on a Mac, run it in a data center, on an Android phone, and all kinds of hardware." What Businesses Can Do With Cloud TPUs PCMag caught up with Hölzle after his session to talk about what businesses will actually be able to do with this technology that they couldn't do before. He gave several examples of what businesses are already doing with Cloud TPUs and TensorFlow, one of which was a Japanese e-commerce site. "There are many customers successfully using it to do all kinds of things. We had a Japanese used car site where they used TensorFlow and Cloud ML to recognize the pictures their agents took of used cars—the model, make, year, condition and photos of the front, back, and interior—all sorts of pictures for a nice presentation on their website," said Hölzle. "The model fills out all the default info on the listing and can suggest a price range based on the odometer and any scratches or damage. That's an application they created in a matter of months." Another customer, which offered satellite topography imagery to customers, used machine learning to solve a problem they'd been working on for 20 years. Customers don't want clouds in their mapping data, according to Hölzle. TensorFlow improved the accuracy of the company's cloud removal by a factor of four over a period of six months. Hölzle said there are applications across finance, commerce, medicine (like what Google Brain is doing), consumer apps, and beyond. "There are limits, it's not magic, but it's really exciting how many places it's applicable and in how many businesses it makes sense," said Hölzle. "We're aiming to be the cloud platform for machine learning and analytics. We're making it much more accessible to average companies because it works across so many circumstances, from AlphaGo and data center cooling optimization to image and speech recognition trained on the same neural network." Cloud TPUs are just one part of Google's larger pipeline for helping businesses do this. Hölzle walked through what this machine-learning offering will look like, going step by step through the process businesses will experience in Google Cloud Platform when creating, training, and deploying ML models and applications. "The pipeline is about going from idea to solution. One of the first things you need to think about is what data set you can use to learn from. If it's something with an image, you need images that tell you what you want the model to learn. We have some fully finished ML to use in your application with the APIs we provide," said Hölzle. Related Google Cloud TPUs Part of a Trend Towards AI-Specific Processors Google Cloud TPUs Part of a Trend Towards AI-Specific Processors "Let's say you want to do fraud detection from credit card transactions, but you also have noisy data," Hölzle continued. "Maybe the labels aren't correct. Your existing systems say a charge is fraudulent and then a custome calls to complain saying they wanted to make that purchase. Part of that is joining the data sets and cleaning that data if needed." So you choose a neural network, Google helps you do the training, and then validate the results. Hölzle explained that in Google's tool set, once you have a trained model you simply tell Google what you want to do with it, and they run the service out of the box. Hölzle said Google will also help you iterate on that model, calibrating it through Cloud TPUs to optimize your algorithm for higher accuracy. One caveat: all that iteration might cost you. "It's not just the core ML step. Once you have a machine learning project, 10 percent of time is spent on ML and 90 percent is on data preparation, cleaning, interpreting results, and iterating to find better models," said Hölzle. "We have something in Cloud ML to automatically try out multiple models to find what works best. You may have to pay more because the training step is hundreds of thousands of times more compute power, but you get the optimal model and higher accuracy just by pushing a button and waiting four hours." Back to top Previous : Rumor Tips Message Recall for WhatsApp By Rob Marvin Assistant Editor, Business Rob Marvin is the Assistant Editor of PCMag's Business section. He covers startups, business and venture capital, and writes features, news, and trend stories on all manner of emerging technologies. Beats include: blockchain, artificial intelligence and cognitive computing, augmented reality, legal cannabis tech, social media, the mobile app economy, digital commerce and payments, cloud, Big Data, low code development, containers and microservices, deep linking, equity crowdfunding, M&A, SEO, and enterprise software in general. Rob was previously an editor at SD Times covering software, managing social media,... More » More Stories by Rob Top 5 Ways to Recharge Your Helpdesk Now How tech like gamification, predictive analytics, sentiment analysis, and social ticket integrations... More » PCMag Startup Toolkit: June 2017 This month's new slate of startup hardware and software includes accounting, backup, and business in... More » Industry Insight: It's Time to Drop the 'E' and Just Call It Commerce Magento CEO Mark Lavelle talks chatbots and payments, the business-to-business (B2B) boom, the futur... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles How to Protect Your Privacy in Windows 10 Essential PH-1 vs. Galaxy S8: Sleek Flagships Face Off 10 Seriously Bizarre PC Designs The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 14 High-Tech Cities You'll Want to Call Home »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Sections Advertising Marketing Content Social Commerce Sales Analytics Management Home Submit Follow Us Follow Ads Marketing Content Social Sales Analytics Mgmt More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE MarTech Today Starts July 1 In Massachusetts, retailers’ cookies will soon lead to sales tax Digital creativity Not your father's billboards: Interactive OOH comes of age Events Attend the MarTech conference Advertising Marketing Content Social Commerce Sales Analytics Management Events Home Martech: Marketing Stay marketing-savvy and tech-savvy. Get the latest in martech by subscribing to MarTech Today. The next tech innovation to help marketers engage live audiences: Voice Columnist Malcolm Cox believes audio and voice recognition devices are set to become a marketer's best friend, helping to target consumers as they're actively considering what to purchase. Malcolm Cox on June 6, 2017 at 9:53 am More Which technological innovation could make the biggest difference to marketers’ lives in the next year? Google CEO Sundar Pichai wrote in a blog post last year: The last 10 years have been about building a world that is mobile-first, turning our phones into remote controls for our lives. But in the next 10 years, we will shift to a world that is AI-first, a world where computing becomes universally available — be it at home, at work, in the car, or on the go — and interacting with all of these surfaces becomes much more natural and intuitive, and above all, more intelligent. Today, you can’t get away from voice recognition devices, whether it be Siri or Alexa. Lucky for you, there’s much evidence emerging to suggest that audio and voice recognition devices could become a marketer’s new best friend, finding the contexts where consumers are actively engaging in purchasing decisions. Context is back in vogue Context is nothing new, and brands have always been concerned about the company they keep. You only have to look at how luxury brands such as Gucci tightly control where they are seen, the partnerships they foster and how their message is conveyed. In 2013, Robert Scoble and Shel Israel produced a book that proclaimed we are in the “Age of Context.” I revisited their work recently to see how they assessed the capabilities of audio and voice-activated devices. Looking at their prophecies four years later, it’s remarkable how much has changed. Sure, the subjects of their subtitle — “Mobile, Sensors, Data and the Future of Privacy” — are as enticing today as they were back then — but what about their whole chapters on Google Glass, which was predicted to be the game-changer? Spin forward four years, and Google Glass is no more and voice-activated devices are all the rage. Gartner is predicting 75 percent penetration in US households by 2020. The Radio Centre trade body in the UK has published extensive research that predicts the market will grow from 9 percent penetration in 2015 in UK households to 40 percent in 2018. This is a global trend, growing as a marketing opportunity right before our eyes. Getting vocal with audiences For marketers, voice-activated devices present a fresh opportunity to communicate with audiences live, in the moment, contextually, when they are actively making product and brand choices. The key to the adoption of this new technology is explained in Scoble and Israel’s book; unfortunately, they missed connecting the customer insights to voice-controlled devices. In the book, they discuss the value of “little data” in the era of big data. Little data is the lists and notes that many of us make when we’re about to do the weekly grocery shopping, the Post-it notes and the hastily prepared lists on scraps of paper. Access to these list provides live, in-the-moment insights into a customer’s future purchasing preferences. Voice-controlled devices are a great source of little data. I ran a quick survey of all my colleagues with the Amazon Echo to find out if they use the device and what they liked about it. I found that they are all using the devices more now than when they first got them. Of those surveyed, a minority were passionate about the vocal capabilities. Most were using them when cooking or when their hands were dirty. Using your phone when you’re cooking is difficult — and not advised if you’re covered in oil from tinkering with your old motorcycle. Technology gets adopted when it replaces something and makes things easier, simpler or more entertaining. Surprisingly, very few of my colleagues used their device to order things from Amazon. Some actively avoided it — one going so far as disabling the function, as they had ordered things by mistake in their sleep! My respondent neglected to say what exactly arrived in the post the next day, leaving much to the imagination. Listening to music is a big favorite with my sample and in the Radio Centre’s research. The radio folks report that 63 percent use their device to listen to the radio. This accounts for three out of four music listening occasions, outstripping other means like streaming services. This is great news for marketers. We can now target consumers live and in the moment, when they are actively considering things to buy. What’s more, we can enable them to convert their purchase intentions (in the form of a shopping list) into actions. The next step is for the programmatic space to assist and automate the process to make it easier to target the right people. This is within our means, as all voice instructions first start life as text. So the keyword techniques we use for search and ad display can be adapted relatively easily, turning voice-activated devices into a marketer’s best friend. How do you see audio and voice recognition devices shaping the marketing landscape this year? Share your predictions with us on Facebook and Twitter Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily MarTech Today. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Malcolm Cox Malcolm Cox is CMO of Grapeshot, a role he took on after gaining experience in the media, music and agency worlds. Malcolm spent thirteen years working with music and media company Emap, where he created the Magic brand and launched Kiss -- both radio stations -- and reinvigorated weekly music magazine Kerrang! After Emap, Malcolm founded brand activation agency Naked Lunch. Here he created award-winning work for Sony, Nokia, Kickers, IKEA and Nike, staying on at the Naked Group as a director after selling the agency in 2008. Popular Stories People-based measurement is the new black Infographic: The 2017 ‘Martech 5000’ Marketing Technology Landscape How Machine Learning Works, As Explained By Google Janrain offers one of the first GDPR portals for consumer data management Related Topics Channel: Martech: MarketingMartech Column Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook and Twitter. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Multiplier Effect of Integrating Search and Social Advertising State of Digital Advertising 2017 Email Deliverability Guide: Making It to the Subscriber Inbox How to Create Agile Content for Your Brand How to Create Content at Scale with Limited Budgets See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 14:09 GMT, Jun 08, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More WATCH LIVE: Ex-FBI chief James Comey testifies about conversations with Trump HomeUK ‘Who should I vote for?’ Google reveals top searches ahead of #GE2017 (VIDEOS, GRAPHS) Published time: 7 Jun, 2017 19:39 Edited time: 8 Jun, 2017 13:43 Get short URL © Reuters Hours before UK voters head to the polls, Google Trends is providing an interesting insight into not only the partisan divide online, but also the political indecision. TrendsViral Astonishingly, the most searched question in the UK, according to the search term aggregator, is: ‘Who should I vote for?’ READ MORE: Party leaders make final election dash armed with pleas, policies & promises (VIDEO) Meanwhile, Labour is currently the most searched for party at 50 percent, with the Conservatives taking second position at 21 per cent. © trends.google.ie Jeremy Corbyn’s party manifesto is the most keenly sought after political document on the UK web, according to Google. Searches for the party’s 128-page blueprint for a “better, fairer Britain” are outpacing web interest in the Conservative’s “Forward Together” plans for a “stronger Britain”. With Brexit looming large in this general election, the economy and taxation are key pillars around which Britain’s two major parties are building their agendas. READ MORE: Corbyn’s Labour faces ‘nuclear winter’ with support outside London flatlining – report In a bid to generate greater business interest, the Tories say they will reduce corporation tax. In contrast, Labour will seek to raise capital by increasing corporation tax but wants to ensure that those on lower earnings do not experience an increase in payments to the government. It’s no wonder that ‘tax’ is the biggest political issue searched on Google in the seven days before polling, followed by ‘housing’, the ‘NHS’ and ‘Brexit’. Interestingly, queries on how to become a member of the Conservative Party outweigh those regarding any other party. Meanwhile, online appeal in the search term ‘hung parliament’ peaked on May 31 – the same day as a BBC leaders’ debate and the release of a YouGov poll which predicted that outcome.   In terms of international interest, the most searches about the election outside the UK come from Ireland followed by Malta and Cyprus, which have large British expat communities. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land Offline to online Snap acquires Placed to better measure in-app ads to in-store sales Ad battle rages Google will start blocking 'annoying' ads on Chrome next year Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Display Advertising Get the most important digital marketing news each day. How Apple’s Intelligent Tracking Prevention works & why Google/Facebook could benefit most The new solution has a 24-hour window that gives highly trafficked properties an even bigger advantage over third-party ad tech. Ginny Marvin on June 7, 2017 at 3:23 pm More Apple has announced that the next desktop version of Safari in macOS High Sierra, coming out this fall, will include Intelligent Tracking Prevention, an initiative designed to beef up Apple’s efforts to block third-party trackers from capturing cross-site browsing data for ad targeting purposes. What has become clear the more I learn how Intelligent Tracking Prevention works is that it will give Google and Facebook an even bigger advantage over third-party ad tech players. That’s largely the result of the 24-hour window built into Intelligent Tracking Prevention. A blog post by Apple WebKit security engineer John Wilander explains that Intelligent Tracking Prevention builds on Safari’s existing default blocking of third-party cookies and “reduces cross-site tracking by further limiting cookies and other website data.” Intelligent Tracking Prevention collects statistics on “resource loads as well as user interactions such as taps, clicks, and text entries” and groups those statistics by top privately controlled domains. The system then determines which cookies (of any type) have the ability to track user activity across sites. As mentioned above, there is a one-day window in which those cookies may remain available in third-party contexts. “If the user interacted with example.com [in] the last 24 hours, its cookies will be available when example.com is a third-party. This allows for ‘Sign in with my X account on Y’ login scenarios,” writes Wilander. Users can “stay logged in even if they only visit a site occasionally while restricting the use of cookies for cross-site tracking.” After that, the cookie will be partitioned so that it can be referenced for login purposes for 30 days, but no longer for cross-site tracking. After 30 days, the cookie is purged, and Apple will continue to purge it if it tries to collect new data. The one-day window opens a key opportunity for the web’s most popular services and the companies that control them and puts the ad tech companies with which users don’t have direct interactions at a clear disadvantage. Or as Curt Larson, VP of product at Sharethrough, put it, “It helps them [Google and Facebook] in the fact that it hurts everyone else.” Daily visits to Google services will keep its tracking capabilities persistent. Facebook’s mobile activity largely happens in-app, so that traffic won’t be affected by the change. Those who access it through the web, and do so daily, can continue to be tracked by Facebook on Safari. “This means users only have long-term persistent cookies and website data from the sites they actually interact with and tracking data is removed proactively as they browse the web,” Wilander explains. The solution is aimed at plugging the loophole of using first-party cookies or other tactics to transmit data limiting tracking and skirt the third-party cookie blocking. This can analyze any cookie type. The actual impact of Apple’s Intelligent Tracking Prevention would be more symbolic than tangible if it were going into effect on desktop only — Safari had just 5.02 percent of the desktop browser market share globally and 9.18 percent of the US market in May, according to StatCounter. However, with it running on iOS, where Safari has nearly 50 percent share in North America, it has the potential to upend behavioral targeting on the mobile web. Earlier this month, Google announced its Chrome browser would block ads that don’t meet the standards set by the Coalition for Better Ads, of which Google is a founding member. Apple’s tactic sets it apart from Google, as it is not actually blocking ads but instead focusing on the privacy side of the equation. That’s the space Apple is clearly trying to occupy, in contrast to Google and Facebook. The irony is that they’re likely to be among the biggest beneficiaries to Apple’s latest move. That is, until the ad tech industry adapts, as many expect it will, again. Privacy advocate Alexander Hanff said in a blog post that server-side scripts are able to gather the same information even if they are not loaded in Safari, and that while Apple’s efforts are welcome, “it is highly probable that Apple’s new approach to tracking will only accelerate a move to these server side technologies from those who have yet to use them.” About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Popular Stories Facebook adds templates for Canvas ads, extends iAd-like format to Collections How Apple’s Intelligent Tracking Prevention works & why Google/Facebook could benefit most The 5 best digital marketing courses for the modern-day marketer Instagram’s direct-response Story ads are available for self-serve buys Related Topics AppleApple: SafariChannel: Display AdvertisingDisplay AdvertisingDisplay Advertising: Ad Blocking Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers The Multiplier Effect of Integrating Search and Social Advertising State of Digital Advertising 2017 Email Deliverability Guide: Making It to the Subscriber Inbox How to Create Agile Content for Your Brand How to Create Content at Scale with Limited Budgets See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Warren Buffett's modest office inspired Google's change to Alphabet, says chairman Eric Schmidt Schmidt says Googlers were impressed by scale of Buffett's success, given that his offices were housed in 'just one floor' of Omaha office building. Meanwhile, shareholders voted down a slew of proposals directing Alphabet to produce reports on things like equal gender pay, charitable giving and political contributions. Google co-founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page control nearly all of voting power thanks to multi-class share structure. John Shinal | @johnshinal 19 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES David Paul Morris | Bloomberg | Getty Images Eric Schmidt, chairman of Alphabet Inc. Alphabet executive chairman Eric Schmidt told shareholders Wednesday that the company's 2015 restructuring out of its Google roots into a holding company was inspired by a visit long ago with billionaire investor Warren Buffett. Schmidt also predicted that the updated structure will allow the company to "bring revolutionary benefits to billions of people." Schmidt and Google co-founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page were impressed by the success of Buffett, CEO and chair of Berkshire Hathaway, especially given the modesty of its headquarters. "The scale of the success of his model" impressed the three Googlers, especially given that Berkshire Hathaway's executive offices were "on just one floor, the 14th floor of a building in Omaha," Schmidt said during the company's annual meeting in Mountain View, CA. The trio decided they should mimic Buffett's principles, including "the independence of the CEO" and "a strong brand" for the parent company. While many have likened Alphabet's structure to that of Berkshire Hathaway, Schmidt's comments drew a direct line between the Oracle of Omaha, the world's third-richest person, and what he called "the genesis of Alphabet" nearly two years ago. Schmidt and other Alphabet executives, including chief legal officer David Drummond, also noted that Alphabet's current executive offices take up only half a floor, making them even leaner than Berkshire Hathaway's. The new Alphabet structure separated Google's core business -- selling digital advertising -- from its more experimental long-term businesses like investing (GV), internet access (Access), home automation (Nest) and health technology (Verily and Calico), which it calls Other Bets. The change was needed to help speed the company's ability to innovate in new markets, Schmidt said, quoting from a letter by Brin and Page arguing that true innovation was 'revolutionary, not evolutionary.' According to Schmidt, Alphabet's mission goes beyond Google's original goal of organizing all the world's information. "With this structure, with this innovation, we can bring revolutionary benefits to billions of people globally," said Schmidt, who served as Google's CEO from 2001 to 2011. Later, Schmidt also drew a small laugh when he conceded just how complex some new Google technologies are, including machine learning and artificial intelligence. They are "hard for me to understand, and I have a Ph.D." in computer science from the University of California, Berkeley, Schmidt admitted. Earlier, shareholder proposals urging Alphabet to generate annual reports on a series of corporate issues, including equal gender pay, philanthropic giving and political lobbying, were voted down. Page and Brin control the vast majority of shareholder voting power thanks to a multi-class share structure Google implemented when it went public in 2004 and revised a decade later. Alphabet is now the second-most valuable company in the world, with a market cap of $682 billion. Wall Street analysts expect its sales to rise 19 percent this year to $108 billion. John ShinalTechnology Reporter for CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BRK.A --- GOOGL ---
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Amazon may launch 'Ice' smartphones in India running Android with Google services Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/06/05 11:17am PDTJun 5, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 36 Share on Facebook 39 Share on Twitter Total Shares89 Amazon News Rumors Amazon famously misread the market when it launched the Fire Phone in 2014 without any Google apps. Scarcely a year later Amazon had abandoned the device in the face of minuscule sales figures. Now, it's rumored to be prepping a new smartphone, but unlike the Fire Phone, this one will apparently run a version of Android with Google services. The report claims Amazon will brand these new phones as "Ice," and they will ship with Android 7.1.1. That means they'll have Google Assistant out of the box. Alexa support isn't as clear, but I'd be shocked if Amazon didn't add that. The Ice phone will also have the Play Store and all the apps that come with it. The first of these phones might launch in India by the end of the year, perhaps as a trial before shipping the phone in other markets. This would be an inexpensive phone with modest specs including a 5.2-5.5-inch screen, 2GB of RAM, 16GB of storage, a 13MP camera, and a Snapdragon 435. Amazon is currently planning on a price of Rs 6,000 (roughly $93), but that could change by the time it launches. Well, if it launches. Source: NDTV Tags amazon Fire Phone ice India rumors subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get a $75 credit when spending $750 or more on a Pixel with Google Store Financing ... Next Story [Update: Fixed] It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments T4rd So the Fire phone did so bad, they're going the opposite way now and calling their next phone the "Ice" phone. Bruce Wayne From Fire to Ice. Not so subtle. Daniel 'Cause when Amazon made their last phone, all they did was get burned. XD NexusKoolaid And what did they do with all those unsold Fire phones they had stockpiled? They put 'em on ice. Daniel And what a bummer for them; they really had a burning desire to sell a bunch of them NexusKoolaid But in the end, they just decided to chill out. Daniel Bet you don't get these kind of comments on other websites. lol 4Ui812 She's sun and rain , She's fire and ice , a little crazy but it's nice , and when she gets mad best to leave her alone Daniel "You leave my wife outta this" -Jeff Bezos talking about his phone Lord Argyris Maybe they just like Pokemon? I expect they'll chain as many types that are super effective on the next in line as possible. Expect Flying, Bug and Psychic phones in the coming years. Or Dragon, Dragon, Dragon... MJ Here we go again... At least Amazon figured out it needs to have the Play Store. Pessimippopotamus Has anyone tried to make an E-Ink phone before aside from Yota? I feel like a smartphone that lasts several days with a b&w but very efficient screen would be right up Amazon's alley, especially considering its Kindle lineup, instead of a me-too low-end device. Marty Every e-ink device I've ever used was painfully slow. Unless e-ink can refresh at LCD rates, I don't see it being used as the primary display. Pessimippopotamus This is true. I feel like there's a bigger potential market in it as opposed to something like say... ...a phone with a 4-camera 3D system. 4Ui812 Amazon is taking a page from Microsoft. But I'm telling you ... don't discount MS. That beast is slowly waking up. Marty Agreed. MS will eventually finally have the world's best smartphone...long after the industry and the market has moved onto other things. 😋 4Ui812 No. Microsoft is moving back into software. Hardware was never their forte nor their bread and butter. T4rd I actually thought the opposite; their hardware is pretty solid IMO, esp. their newer tablets and laptops. In the mobile arena, software is definitely what's holding them (and other OEMs from using their software) back. Đức Thành Yup, their hardware isn't something I'd complain about as much as I'd complain about the software. There are times I'd just like to swear at my Windows 10 PC while I'd very seldom do that if at all to my precious Chromebook. T4rd Seems like they're still on their way to sleep right now.. https://seekingalpha.com/news/3271314-microsoft-rolled-os-update-bricked-windows-phones. I'm sure MS will return at some point; if anyone has the resources to brute force the mobile market (again), it's MS. But yeah.. it's going to be a while still. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ Ice and Fire, now there's a reason why these phones are bound to fail https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2727cc476819660a0d6dfdd792659b915e42312a4f631d71f5f128614651f755.jpg Marjoriethathaway Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dp18c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dp189c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs479HomeRightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dp189c:....,........ Jason King How can Amazon sell both a device with Google Services and their Fire tablets? I thought Google Services was all-in-one? MJ It's a PHONE that will have Android and Google services on it. What's the confusion? Google Services agreements are per device... Jason King In the past, members of the Open Handset Alliance were prohibited from making any non-Google approved devices (ie: forked) from a company level, not a device level. It's why Acer had to pull out of the alternate Android OS that Alibaba created called Aliyum a few years ago, but that may have changed more recently. Amazon Fire was determined to be a 'fork' of Android which leads me to believe Google wouldn't allow Google Play Services on any Amazon device. MadMartigan That requirement is placed upon members of the OHA. You do not need to be a member of the OHA to get a device GMS licensed. Therefore, Amazon can do it. Acer cannot. Jason King ahhh - that's the difference then. Thanks for the clarification. Roger Siegenthaler What's the source of that information? Because Google would probably love to know seeing as this exact problem is the basis of their massive monopoly lawsuit in the EU. MadMartigan First: The basis for the EU lawsuit is that OEMs cannot sell Google Play Store compatible devices without Chrome, Google Search, and all the other GMS core apps installed. GMS licensing requires all GMS core apps be installed. Some oems would like to ship devices with Google Play store, but without the core GMS apps. Second: My source is common knowledge and deductive reasoning. Cyanogen, Inc was not a member of the OHA. Xiaomi is not a member of the OHA. Both sell (or sold) GMS devices. Xiaomi also sells non-GMS devices. Conclusions: You can sell GMS devices without being a member of the OHA (Cyanogen, Inc.). You can sell non-GMS devices and GMS devices without being a member of the OHA (Xiaomi). You can not sell devices with an incompatible fork of Android while a member of the OHA (Acer). Roger Siegenthaler ok; first point is wrong. That's only part of the lawsuit. And your only example that proves you to be correct is false as Xiaomi can only sell non-GMS devices within China; famously exempt from the GMS rules for ALL OEMs. RedPandaAlex Wait... don't they need to join the open handset alliance in order to do this? And doesn't that prohibit them from putting out devices without Google (like the Kindles)? MJ You are the second person who has said this... Where is this coming from? Samsung puts out phone(s) with Tizen on it. Stephen Sharp You can't put out what Google calls an "incompatible fork". This is how they put a stop to Aliyun Labrat Furthermore, if you sell one phone with an "incompatible fork" you can't sell any phone with Google Apps, at least, AFAIK. MadMartigan ...if you are a a member of the OHA. MJ What other phone does Amazon sell? YaKillaCJ They sell tablets and I wonder if the Fire Stick lineup could also violate. Im just curious whats the rules and stipulations. MadMartigan You cannot do this if you are a member of the OHA. If you are not a member, you can have your own Android and GMS Android. The OHA is what forbids that practice. Cael Tizen isn't a fork of Android. MJ Amazon Fire OS is... Rohan Tizen is a different OS while Acer and other using Alyun OS was a fork of android. The former is OK. Otherwise, companies like Samsung, LG would've had to stoop making laptops. MJ I guess you didn't read the whole discussion as someone else had the answer which is NOT your reasoning... Acer and Alyun were part of the Open Handset Alliance while Amazon is NOT. Why are you talking about laptops? LOL MadMartigan No. You do not need to be a member of the OHA to be GMS licensed. In fact, being a member of the OHA would expressly forbid them from doing this. Remember: Acer could not put out their non-GMS device because they were a member of the OHA, which is the body that forbids that sort of thing. vn33 Are they going to write a song about Fire and Ice then?? chromaniac It's going to be hard to compete against the likes of Xiaomi and Lenovo here in India. Flipkart tried and gave up. Micromax is still trying to make a comeback. Hrishikesh Bisen No it's not. At that price point and brand name of Amazon. chromaniac lol ok? MadMartigan Hey Ryan, The OHA/GMS issue seems to be confusing a lot of folks. Any chance AP could do a write up explaining this so people more clearly understand the differences/similarities? Kendall Seabury A phone of fire and ice. Designed by George R. R. Martin. Alvin Samsung's version of the fire phone was a little too literal. Andrew Bone Now just let us cast Amazon video 😉 Đức Thành I guess that one incident with the Fire Phone was enough to make Amazon reconsider its life choices and decide that it was time to grow up. Still, that was a long break that it took. The naming scheme is not bad but still kind of funny. Paul Monroe, Jr. Now if they could just do that with the fire tablets they might actually have something going on.. Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 108 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 119 queries | 0.571s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Lineage OS team responds to SafetyNet API By Rei Padla - June 7, 2017 1 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Google will do everything in its power to make your Android mobile device more safe, private, and secure. We can’t enumerate all the ways the tech giant has done but know that the company is always being professional. A few weeks ago, it made another move in partnership with SafetyNet as the latter integrates with the Google Play Console. This particular update allowed app developers choice not to show apps to certain devices. This time, we’re learning SafetyNet as a new API by Google. The devs made this one to evaluate the state of a device. This will benefit those people who have an older device as it can check if it is in a known-good state or not as it can check your device’s compatibility. For the developers, you must check if your app passes SafetyNet tests. Feel free to enable toggle in the console if you want to hide your app on the Play Store for a while. From now on, you can rely on SafetyNet to check your device or disable some functions when necessary. There may be some limits to some custom OS like Lineage because a lot of apps may not pass, leaving only a few worthy apps in the Play Store. You still have an option to bypass SafetyNet but it is not recommended. If you do, there is a chance Google will block your app from the Play Store. Because of this change, the team behind Lineage OS (formerly CyanogenMod) has to make a statement because the OS is affected in some ways. However, the Lineage OS team doesn’t have plans to “intentionally circumvent an integrity check that Google has put in place for app developers”. So what is Lineage OS going to do with the SafetyNet? Nothing. The devs believe that “customizations should not change the underlying Android architecture in ways that developers cannot predict.” SOURCE: SafetyNet Story Timeline SafetyNet integrates with Google Play Console, app developers have choice not to show app to certain devices TAGS Android api Mobile Security SafetyNet Rei Padla Must Read HTC U11 Hands-on: squeezing every last measure available BlackBerry KEYone Review Samsung Galaxy S8 Review Community 922.7klikes 478.5kfollowers 86kcomments / Free WordPress Plugins and WordPress Themes by Silicon Themes. Join us right now! Latest Devices Coolpad Defiant Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise RSS Feed © 2008 - 2017 Android Community
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us The newest Google Home commercial will annoy the crap out of you Quentyn Kennemer Jun 7th, 2017 +3,981 At first I was like “OMG, new Google Home commercial,” and then I was like “oh wow, such perfect timing to combat news of the Apple Homepod,” and then I watched the commercial and went “I actually want to blow my brains out.” If you watch the latest Google Home ad, you’ll get what I mean. Let’s just say that memories of adolescent conversations between teenage school girls will probably make you regret ever pressing play. In all seriousness, Google is looking to hit its stride with this mainstream level of marketing at a time where it’s most crucial. They’ve already let Amazon get out on a very fast start with Echo and Alexa, and now they have to contend with Apple, who knows how to move their consumers in a way that makes everyone want to buy everything they ever make. Read: Google Home vs Apple Homepod vs Amazon Echo Things should only get better for Google from here, though, with the company fleshing out the Google Home platform with developer SDKs which will allow for many more third-party integrations and new functionality. With the $129 price tag being the sweetest on the market right now, it’s their game to lose. local_offer    Google  Google Home   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (19) stars Further Reading Google Maps begins showing subway station layouts Google Home to get voice calling soon Hompod vs Google Home vs Amazon Echo Google cracking down on incentivized reviews Apple announces the Homepod videocam Top Trending Videoslaunch 1 play_circle_outline more_vertTop 5 Apps of the Week closeTop 5 Android Apps of the Week (June 2, 2017) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 2 play_circle_outline more_vertHow to use Screen Pinning closeHow to use screen pinning to keep nosy people out of your phone [VIDEO] “Screen pinning” has been around since Android 5.0 Lollipop. It allows you to “pin” any app to the screen. When an app is pinned, the user can only use that app. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Edition: Français Subscribe Contact Search LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube RSS Skip to content Menu News Analysis Customer Focus Industry Operations Products & Services Strategy Mobile Editor’s Comment Top500 IRUK Top500 IREU Top500 IRAU Top250 ASEAN Top500 Brand Index Events InternetRetailing Summit – Berlin InternetRetailing Expo 2017 eDelivery Expo 2017 InternetRetailing Conference 2017 eDelivery Conference 2017 Awards Event History Webinars IRTV Magazine Magazine Archive Top500 Reports Suppliers Guide Connected Commerce Series Supplements White Papers Research Reports Subscribe Whitepapers Surveys Directory Explore the Directory Register to be listed Log in to your listing Suppliers Guide Customer Retention Payments Delivery Operations Ecommerce Platforms & ERP Supply Chain Marketing Digital store Ones to Watch International Growth Selling and Merchandising About What we do Editorial Team Advertising opportunities Contact us M-Retailing Siri, what impact are you going to have on retail? By Paul Skeldon June 7, 2017 - 7:31 pm Share: LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Google+ Email The launch this week of the Siri-enabled HomePod by Apple marks a late-out-the-gate move by the tech giant, now playing catch up behind both Google and Amazon. But with these three voice-controlled device now out there – and some 25% of people already owning one before Apple leapt into the market – it is inevitable that voice is going to become one of the ways in which consumers interact with the web. And this is going to have in an inevitable impact on retail across the board. Of course there are going to be tie ups between retailers and these three voice platforms, much as Tesco has already done with Google Home, and many luminaries have already popped up to outline how they think voice controlled devices are going to reshape retail, but I think it goes way deeper than that and throws up some choice challenges for retailers. For starters, these devices are just the vanguard of voice control. A device in the living room that you can speak to, telling it what you want to buy or add to your shopping list is really just the opening gambit. Telling HomePod to add spuds to your Grocery list is relatively straightforward, even if Apple is selling this as a groovy speaker that you can instruct Siri to play stuff on, it will become like Home and Alexa, assuming Siri can keep up. Where it gets interesting is that voice control is going to not only be the preserve of these devices, but also off all devices: it will be the way we interrogate the web. This means that voice control in retail is not just a matter of building out platforms that can handle voice inputs from these ‘home’ devices, but also to voice enable websites and apps. This isn’t just fanciful thinking inspired by another Apple hoopla-laden developer conference, but something driven by the other big game in retail: engagement. It has become accepted wisdom that, in the age of abundance, consumers want more of an experience from retailers. This has become so over-powering that now the majority of execs in retail boardrooms rate customer experience as more important than marketing and even sales as a priority. Voice control, as it gains acceptance in the home, is going to become the driver of much of this experience on the mobile when out and about and it is what is going to shape how retail in store and on the web work. Research shows that people are willing to spend more and keep coming back for more if they get a meaningful experience. And voice interaction is likely to be one of the key drivers therein. But is the technology and are the retailers able to make this happen? While HomePod came as no surprise (apart from perhaps its dreadful name and the fact that it looks a bit like some sort of elaborate air freshener), it does beg the question that to be truly useful – and for me to even contemplate buying one – Siri needs to really up its game. I asked “Siri, what is your impact on retail going to be?” and she said: “I’d rather talk about your calendar and dinner plans, Paul” Quite. Joking aside, we stand at a crossroads here. Customers will want voice interaction – we’ve wanted it ever since we saw Star Trek in the 1960s – and we want it to be intuitive and to work every time. With Siri, I don’t feel that confident. Hopefully, being built into something that is one of the biggest diversifications in Apple’s modern history – this is perhaps the biggest shift in what it makes since the iPhone – surely Apple has some sort of Siri upgrade up its sleeve to make it work? With that in place – and with Google and Amazon constantly upping their game too in voice control – retail is set for quite a transformation. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Siri, what impact are you going to have on retail? Jun 07 in M-Retailing, M-Retailing Editor's Comment Survey: How new digital formats are revolutionising performance marketing Jun 07 in Uncategorised Apple enters voice control market with HomePod: what does it mean for retail? Jun 07 in M-Retailing, Technology Latest InternetRetailing Magazine March 2017 – Issue 63 (IRM63) IREU Top500 Merchandising Report: 2017 InternetRetailing UK Top500 2017 IRUK Top500 Brand Engagement Report: 2017 Popular Watch IRC: Company Interview – IBM, featuring James Lovell IRC: Company Interview – OneHydra, featuring Chris Dunn IRC: Company Interview – NCC Group featuring Andy Davies IRC: Knowledge Partners, Poq – Anna Abrell & Michael Langguth Interview with Christine Bardwell from Oracle Connect with us Subscribe Contact us The Team IRDX – Directory Follow us Link with us Like us Plus us Watch us About We are the magazine, portal and events for European ecommerce. Hosting board level conversation for multichannel retail across all of our platforms. Join the conversation. Latest Tweet InternetRetailing: https://t.co/SxB18TSqFi unveils plans for enough warehousing to support £3bn in annual sales https://t.co/SVA0BQeP3I about 2 hours ago Don’t miss News analysis InternetRetailing Magazine IRDX – Connect eDelivery Magazine – subscribe Events InternetRetailing Awards InternetRetailing Conference InternetRetailing Expo (IRX) eDelivery – multichannel supply chain eDelivery Expo (EDX) eDelivery Conference © InternetRetailing Media | Tel: UK +44 (0) 20 7933 8999 | Email: info@internetretailing.net | Log in | Privacy Policy
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 981.08 4.51 Opinion: A Samsung Bixby speaker would be doomed to fail, and not just because it doesn’t even work on the phone yet Ben Schoon - Jun. 7th 2017 11:11 am PT @NexusBen Samsung Bixby View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Samsung has always been interesting in both the hardware and software departments. On the hardware side, the company’s Samsung Galaxy S8 has simply incredible hardware, and we’ve also seen budget smartphones that have rings of light around the camera. The most interesting move the company has made in the past year or so, though, has been Bixby — Samsung’s digital assistant that’s supposed to conquer the rest, eventually. The best gifts for Android users When Samsung first announced Bixby in a press release, I was confused as to what the company was actually going for with it. The release didn’t really tell us anything at all, but we eventually got live demos of the product at the Galaxy S8’s launch event. What does Bixby do? Basically everything Google Assistant and Siri do, but with a bit more direct integration with the apps and OS on the phone. Cool, right? Sure, the idea has potential just like anything else. But here we are, two months into the S8’s launch and still, no Bixby. There’s just a dedicated button on the side of the phone that’s hardly being used. It’s honestly getting annoying at this point. Bixby has no use on this phone yet outside of a pretty inaccurate camera app and a completely pointless set of cards. Bixby Voice might turn out as great as Samsung hopes, but it’s probably never going to be as good as what Google or even Apple are offering, the former of which is already on the S8. Now, though, it’s seemingly getting worse. When Bixby was announced Samsung said it would be coming to the company’s home appliances, but now rumors are flying that Samsung wants to bring Bixby to a home speaker. For now, this is based almost entirely on a patent the company filed, but since Samsung is Samsung, it would only make sense that the company would be at least considering this option. Smart speakers like the Google Home and Amazon Echo (and presumably Apple’s HomePod) are fantastic to use, but they rely on a few major things. First, a wealth of data to help provide intelligent results. Google has the biggest advantage here with the power of the world’s biggest search engine (not to mention your data in all of its hugely-popular services) and even Amazon and Apple have a ton of data to pull from. Along with that, these speakers will need to tie into quite a lot of services. Samsung has potential here, especially when it comes to smart home tech, given the company’s SmartThings platform. But it’s going to face a serious uphill battle. Google Home was tough to recommend at launch due to the lack of services, but Google had the power and relationships to actually get partners on board — which it did. Plus, it was only the second smart speaker on the market. Samsung would be coming into the game late with three big competitors having a big headstart. At this point, what smart home manufacturers are going to want to put the work in to get their products working with a speaker that will probably sell in vastly smaller quantities compared to the competition? I’m sure a few, but not nearly as many as a Bixby speaker would need. Then, there’s one more big problem with all of this. On a phone, Bixby doesn’t need voice functionality. It’s a huge part of the product: users can still type if needed. With a smart speaker, though, it’s voice or nothing. That’s a lot to ask of a platform that’s being delayed on phones because it doesn’t understand English well enough yet. If you hadn’t gathered by now, Samsung bringing Bixby to a smart speaker is a bad idea. Unless the company brings the platform to phones and it’s a massive hit and blows everything else out of the water, I just don’t see the point. But this is Samsung, so why not I guess… Ben Schoon @NexusBen Ben is a writer for 9to5Google who can also be found over on the 9to5Google YouTube channel and on Twitter @NexusBen. Favorite Gear Pixel XL Gear S3 Frontier Huawei Mate 9 Guides Samsung View THe Guide Bixby View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Traffic Lab Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Northwest Data Times Watchdog News Obituaries All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Traffic Lab Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Northwest Data Times Watchdog News Obituaries All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Traffic Lab Log In Subscribe Eastside Local News Local Politics Traffic Lab No driver? No problem: Self-driving cars could soon be tested on Washington roads Originally published June 7, 2017 at 11:35 am Updated June 7, 2017 at 8:47 pm Surrounded by executives from General Motors, Google and Uber, Gov. Jay Inslee signed an executive order Wednesday that will allow driverless cars to test-drive on Washington roads, with or without a human behind the wheel. Share story By David Gutman Seattle Times staff reporter Self-driving cars, with or without a human behind the wheel, could begin testing on Washington roads in 60 days, under an executive order signed by Gov. Jay Inslee Wednesday. Inslee’s order, signed in front of representatives of industry behemoths like General Motors, Google and Uber, allows companies to apply with the state Department of Licensing for permission, under pilot programs, to test-drive autonomous vehicles on state roads. The governor wrote that autonomous vehicles could produce “transformational societal benefits” and touted his action as a way to bring more companies in a growing industry to the state and to promote safer car travel. He also talked about the vehicles’ potential, if combined with electric technology, to reduce carbon emissions. He spoke of having a “relatively light touch” with regulations on the industry. The executive order spells out few specific requirements, other than vehicles must be capable of stopping safely in the event of a system failure. Related stories The toughest challenge for self-driving cars? Human drivers Portland wants to open its streets to self-driving cars Tech experts propose reserving stretch of I-5 for driverless cars (2016) Self-driving cars steer Seattle startup Mighty AI to second office GM wants to drive the future of cars that drive themselves  Tech firms, automakers split over going fast or slow on driverless cars The order also creates a work group, made up of officials from various state agencies, to propose, based on results of pilot programs, changes to rules or laws concerning autonomous vehicles. Inslee said that 94 percent of accidents are caused by human error, a number that autonomous-vehicle technology has the potential to cut drastically. The event took place at the headquarters of Echodyne, a Bellevue company that makes high-resolution radar that could be used in driverless cars. It’s one of more than a dozen companies in the state working on aspects of the autonomous-vehicle industry. “One thing I know about radar, it doesn’t drive drunk, it doesn’t drive distracted,” Inslee said. “We humans are really good at a lot of things, driving cars isn’t necessarily one of them compared to the automated processes that are digital and foolproof. I just have huge confidence in the safety aspects of this.” Bryan Roosa, director of North American government relations for General Motors, said the framework Inslee laid out was similar to the limited regulations in five other states — Michigan, Colorado, Texas, Tennessee and Georgia. “Current state law doesn’t account for a car without a human behind the wheel,” Roosa said. “We’re looking for certainty. A pathway to test and deploy.” Autonomous vehicles are already on the road in cities and states across the country, albeit almost always with a driver behind the wheel. Google began testing self-driving cars, in small numbers, in Kirkland last year. Inslee’s move is similar to one signed in Arizona in 2015, which also established pilot programs with loose regulations for companies to test self-driving vehicles and set up a committee to evaluate the outcomes. Both Uber and Waymo, Google’s self-driving car company, are testing their vehicles in Arizona, although both companies still use a driver who can take control of the vehicle when necessary. In January, the federal government designated 10 testing sites for self-driving cars, including the city of Pittsburgh, where Uber is also testing cars. None of the sites is in Washington. “From now through 2025 you’re going to see a lot of this commercial use — automated taxis, automated ride sharing in individual cities,” said Scott Frank, a vice president of Airbiquity, a Seattle-based connected-car company. “Private ownership — going to the Ford dealer — we think that’s going to be 2030 and beyond because you have to get through this phase of understanding the technologies.” Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla, recently predicted that his company is about two years away from a fully autonomous vehicle — meaning no driver input would be necessary. Once deployed on a broad scale, the vehicles carry the potential to profoundly alter roadways, with possibilities that they could either ease traffic congestion or increase gridlock. Autonomous vehicles could travel more efficiently and closer together, allowing roads to flow more smoothly. But they could also lead to more cars on the road. Picture your autonomous vehicle driving you to work, dropping you off and then returning home to park, before coming back to pick you up. You’ve made your commute and parking easier, but you’ve also turned two trips into four. Avery Ash, an autonomous-vehicle strategist for INRIX, a Kirkland automobile-data and technology company, said widespread autonomous vehicles are unlikely in the next 10 years. David Gutman: 206-464-2926 or dgutman@seattletimes.com. On Twitter @davidlgutman View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Previous Story Metro, Sound Transit officials roll out discounted summer fares for children, teens Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan So Cortana IS smarter than Siri -- but Google Assistant is smartest (for now) Virtual assistants are becoming ubiquitous in our work and home lives. Many of us own at least one personal assistant -- either Siri on iPhone or Cortana on Windows 10 -- but which one is better and more accurate at responding to our requests? By Eileen Brown for Social Business | June 7, 2017 -- 18:17 GMT (11:17 PDT) | Topic: Artificial Intelligence (Image: Microsoft) Disclaimer: This study was carried out before Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference 2017, which talked about a significant upgrade to Siri in iOS 11. Earlier this year, I looked at a study from Stone Temple comparing which was the smartest assistant: Google Home or Amazon Alexa. Stone Temple has again been comparing the five top personal assistants on the market to see which is smartest. In its latest study, it asked Google Assistant, Siri, Cortana, Alexa, and Google Home 5,000 questions. It kept detailed logs on the type of responses it received. In its March study, it published the largest test to date of the question-answering abilities of Google Home and Amazon Alexa. Google Home won that contest, so the new study also includes Google Assistant, Siri, and Cortana for completeness. The 5,000 different questions were compiled about everyday factual knowledge that people would naturally ask a personal assistant or search for on Google. It used the same set of queries it used in the Google Home versus Amazon Echo test. Each assistant was asked the same 5,000 questions, and it noted many different possible categories of answers, including whether the assistant answered verbally or retrieved the answer from a database such as the Knowledge Graph. It also noted if an answer was sourced from a third-party source ("According to Wikipedia ..."). It noted errors such as how often the assistant did not understand the query, or if it tried to respond to the query but simply got it wrong, as well. Stone Temple The test showed that Google Home seems to be the smartest virtual assistant. It answered most of the questions at 68.1 percent. And 90.6 percent of questions answered were absolutely complete and correct. Microsoft's Cortana was not far behind -- with 56.5 percent of questions answered and 81.9 percent of questions answered completely and correctly. Amazon Alexa did get 87 percent of its answers complete and correct. However, it only answered 20.7 percent of questions put to it. Apple's Siri performed poorly, with 62.2 percent of answers complete and correct, but it only answered 21.7 percent of answers. Google search was also used as a comparison. It answered 74.3 percent of questions, getting 97.4 percent completely correct. The test results show Google Assistant on Google Home as the winner, with Microsoft's Cortana not far behind. Cortana has dramatically expanded its capability in providing rich answers over the past year. It will be interesting to watch how the race for the personal assistant develops as all vendors up their game. special feature Louisville and the Future of the Smart City Louisville, Kentucky is building a unique bridge between the smart city and the smart home. Here's what communities and citizens can learn about the benefits of the onrushing digital transformation. Read More Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation BP invests $20m into AI startup Beyond Limits to transform oil and gas exploration Cloud Microsoft realigns its cloud, AI, data organizations Artificial Intelligence Bringing voice control to the office of the future Intel Intel teams up with DARPA to make HIVE Big Data platform a reality × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Vanity Fair hive Sign In/Up business technology politics the players hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Magazine Search Business Politics Technology The Players Sign In/Up Warren Report The Sordid Truth About Comeygate Hysteria Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Warren Report The Sordid Truth About Comeygate Hysteria The media’s obsessive coverage is the latest expression of a time-honored tradition: the perennial Washington witch hunt. (A version of this column originally appeared on Poynter.org.) by James Warren, Chief Media Writer, Poynter.orgJune 7, 2017 12:00 pm Email Facebook Twitter James Comey will be asked if Trump obstructed justice. By Andrew Harrer/Getty images. Edward Bennett Williams, a legendary Washington trial attorney and pro sports owner, said the capital regularly needs to burn a witch. It reflected his sense that ravenous spectacle was part of the culture. And he said it long before the coming of the Internet and wickedly competitive cable news networks. The press is now on the precipice of a TV-driven extravaganza with two witches, depending on your ideological bent: former FBI Director James Comey and President Donald Trump. It's all Comey all the time among much of the press on the eve of the latest capital spectacle. And it's all imbued with what James Bowman, writing in the cerebral journal New Criterion, calls "the media’s self-serving presuppositions of scandal." Thursday's Comey hearing will be prefaced by a warm-up act today with testimony by key intelligence chiefs to be broadcast by the major broadcast networks, not just cable. It's also a reminder of an entertainment reality for major, national media. "Every business needs a summer blockbuster and now Politics, Inc has theirs," says Mike Murphy, the Republican consultant, droll TV analyst and Hollywood writer. "Big business for the media biz across the operating segments: regular journos, talk radio and especially the lucrative chat for dollars racket on cable television." It's big, too, for the political arms merchants, namely those "raising money on each side of the Trump trenches." But, says, Murphy "You cannot have art without commerce, I guess." But that doesn't ensure the spectacle will be justified. Perhaps Comey doesn't claim an obstruction of justice by Trump, while saying he never told Trump he wasn't under investigation. It doesn't mean that this will definitely "transcend theater," as Daily Beast editor John Avlon asserted to an unusually animated co-host Chris Cuomo (playing hyper-caffeinated lawyer-devil's advocate) on CNN's New Day this morning. There's a long tradition of overhyped congressional hearings. And, as Hollywood knows, some planned blockbusters don't quite pan out — perhaps even in the radically provocative early days of a Trump presidency. Google shafts The Wall Street Journal "After blocking Google users from reading free articles in February, the Wall Street Journal’s subscription business soared, with a fourfold increase in the rate of visitors converting into paying customers. But there was a trade-off: Traffic from Google plummeted 44 percent." (Bloomberg) "The reason: Google search results are based on an algorithm that scans the internet for free content. After the Journal’s free articles went behind a paywall, Google’s bot only saw the first few paragraphs and started ranking them lower, limiting the Journal’s viewership." Headline of day As parents of technology-obsessed children might attest, it seems like a logical extension of their parenting anxieties: "Harvard withdraws 10 acceptances for ‘offensive’ memes in private group chat." (Washington Post) According to the Harvard Crimson, "Students sent each other memes and other images mocking sexual assault, the Holocaust, and the deaths of children, according to screenshots of the chat obtained by The Crimson. Some of the messages joked that abusing children was sexually arousing, while others had punchlines directed at specific ethnic or racial groups. One called the hypothetical hanging of a Mexican child 'piñata time.'” Michael Jordan vs. Golden State It was a perfect sports radio topic yesterday. B.J Armstrong, a member of the first three of six Michael Jordan-led Chicago Bulls championship team, suggesting that the Bulls couldn't handle the Warriors if a time machine matched them up. (CBS) What does David Axelrod, CNN analyst and Bulls season ticket-holder, think? "It would be interesting. Jordan, (Scottie) Pippen and (Dennis) Rodman were three of the greatest defenders in history. And Michael's unyielding will was an X-factor six finals rivals couldn't overcome. Bulls in six." The morning babble Fox & Friends prepared for "Comey Thursday" by conceding there might be some challenges to President Trump and wondering if he's going to live tweet during the testimony. "His legal team doesn't want him to live tweet," said Brian Kilmeade. On CNN's New Day, Maggie Haberman of The New York Times previewed both intelligence chiefs' testimony today and Comey's tomorrow. "I don't know if anything of this will impact the investigation" on Russia but probably Trump's own (rather low) credibility, she said. On MSNBC's Morning Joe Mike Barnicle suggested the "underlying theme is where is the courage on the part of the Republicans?" Will they see to get to the truth with Comey or defend him via White House talking points? First Amendment right to avoid tweets being blocked? Writes The New York Times' Charlie Savage: "Lawyers for Twitter users blocked by President Trump after they criticized or mocked him are asking him to reverse the moves, arguing that the Constitution bars him from blocking people on the social media service." "The request raises novel legal issues stemming from Mr. Trump’s use of his Twitter account, @realDonaldTrump, to make statements about public policy. In a letter sent to Mr. Trump on Tuesday, lawyers for several users he has blocked argued that his account was a 'public forum' from which the government may not constitutionally exclude people because it disagrees with views they have expressed." (New York Times) First Amendment right to record a school day? The Portland, Maine Press Herald reports on the trial of a couple suing a school district to let their 17-year-old disabled son carry a recording device (he's got autism and a rare neurological disorder that leaves him largely unable to process language). The district says carrying a device would threaten the confidentiality of teachers and other students since their voices would be picked up. "The national American Civil Liberties Union and the ACLU of Maine, both of which are supporting the claim, say they don’t know of any other case that has asserted a First Amendment right to record a school day." The trial in federal court in Portland began Tuesday. (Press Herald) Getting down and glossy in Kabul "KABUL, Afghanistan — Abortion, birth control, breast-cancer checkups and Tinder dating aren't topics one typically finds in Afghan media. But a small group of Kabul University students have changed that with the launch of a monthly women's magazine, Gellara." (Fox News) A very challenging podcast Check out the preview for Ear Hustle, a podcast via Raditopia about life at San Quentin State Prison outside San Francisco. It premieres June 14 and faces "some challenges most journalists don't often encounter." (Poynter) "Jailhouse rules can turn even the simplest tasks into weeks-long ordeals." After Nigel Poor, a visual artist who volunteers at the prison, bought recording equipment for the show, "installing it in the prison media lab took four months. Every episode is reviewed by Lt. Sam Robinson, San Quentin's public information officer, who has to sign off before they air." And, "The unpredictability of prison life also make for difficult reporting circumstances. Midway through an episode about cellmates, for example, a subject's cellmate was released from prison. Another episode about a prison party planner was interrupted when the subject was paroled. Solitary confinement could present another challenge." As lots of media struggle... Consider this: Pinterest, the internet photo sharing service, just "raised $150 million in venture funding from a group of existing investors at the same share price as two years ago as growth at the closely held company fails to keep pace with internet rivals." (Bloomberg) Nevertheless, its new valuation is $12.3 billion. Useless internet sites "Fidgetspin is a one-trick site, designed around a fad likely to fade into obscurity before the year’s end. It lets visitors spin a virtual fidget spinner. No more, no less. Similar to sites like chihuahuaspin, tacospin or leekspin, its enjoyment is brief, dependent on your discovery, and likely to disappear from your brain the second you click away." (The Verge) The Fahrenthold modus operandi The Washington Post's David Fahrenthold, whose use of social media was one of many reasons he won a Pulitzer Prize for 2016 campaign reporting, is at it again, now with Eric Trump. Last night he tweeted, "Here's the last question I sent @EricTrump. Will let you know when I hear back." The question: "Were there instances when the Eric Trump Foundation 'did' pay the Trump Organization for services rendered — the use of a Trump golf course, etc. — but only paid the cost of those services, but no extra profit added on top?" His query was prompted by a new Forbes investigation into Eric Trump's annual golf invitational, which revealed the fundraiser isn't as pure as previously believed. (Forbes) The unseemly, yet apparently alluring world of Uber "Uber has fired more than 20 people over harassment probe." (TechCrunch) Meanwhile, "last week, there was a ripple of news when Axios discovered that Bozoma Saint John — one of the more noticeable execs at the company for being a woman of color, who led an Apple Music demo at the previous year’s WWDC to some acclaim — was leaving Apple. Now TechCrunch has learned where she’s landing: she’s going to Uber." (TechCrunch) Beware of what you wish for A world with a President Trump and, instead, Hoosier Mike Pence? "INDIANAPOLIS — Following the lead of Missouri, Oklahoma, and Georgia, the Indiana legislature Tuesday passed 'HB 1679: Prohibiting sexual intercourse of an excessively pleasurable nature,' officially becoming the fourth state in the country to outlaw great sex." The decline in national bureaus must explain why this was left to The Onion. Corrections? Tips? Please email me: jwarren@poynter.org. Would you like to get this roundup emailed to you every morning? Sign up here. Share Email Facebook Twitter James Warren, Chief Media Writer, Poynter.orgJames Warren is Chief Media Writer at Poynter.org. Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATED SEEK Uber Executive Fired After Sharing Rape Victim’s Medical RecordBY MAYA KOSOFF SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Are the NewFronts Pointless? The NewFronts imitate TV’s annual upfronts marketplace, but digital video still isn’t bought the way TV is. Why are we doing this? Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Don't Miss TV Upfronts Video Cannes Lions Women to Watch A.I. Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Apple Will Market the Siri Home Pod as a Less-Creepy Alternative By Garett Sloane - 1 minute ago Array 0 No Hugs for You! Imagine That Viral Seinfeld-Kesha Moment as the Perfect Lost 'Seinfeld' Episode By Simon Dumenco - 2 hours ago Array 0 Still With This? U.K. Politicians Flee YouTube as Election Ads Turn Up on Extremist Video By Will Jarvis - 2 hours ago Array 0 Samsung's Globe-Trotting Videos Top Online Campaigns, Building Marketer's Dominance By Will Jarvis - 3 hours ago Array 0 Sharon Horgan's Merman Enters Branded Entertainment, Stink Promotes Britton as Pytlik Departs By Alexandra Jardine - 3 hours ago Array 0 Uber Hires Apple Music Marketer Bozoma Saint John By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 20 hours ago 0 Bored With Basketball, Charles Barkley Goes All-In on the Stanley Cup Final By Anthony Crupi - 17 hours ago 0 Can You See All 1 Billion Colors in This Samsung TV Ad? By Ann-Christine Diaz - 23 hours ago 0 AB InBev Buys Stakes in Craft Beer Sites, Provoking a Backlash By E.J. Schultz - 22 hours ago 0 Is It Time for 'Fox & Friends' to Rebrand Itself as 'Fox & Our Friend Donald'? By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Apple Will Market the Siri Home Pod as a Less-Creepy Alternative By Garett Sloane. Published on June 07, 2017. Apple CEO Tim Cook unveiled the Home Pod at WWDC this week, but it won't be ready for consumers until December. Credit: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Most Popular Apple wants into your home, but not in a weird way. The Home Pod, Apple's Siri-voiced speaker, was unveiled this week, with a premium price tag -- $350 -- and Apple is playing up the privacy of the device. The marketing around Home Pod, which won't kick off in earnest until the fall, will focus heavily on the privacy aspect of Apple's device compared to the Amazon Echo and Google Home, according to people familiar with Apple's strategy. "They're really focused on privacy," said one person with knowledge of Apple's marketing plans. "There is no bloatware, no tracking, and they're not selling your information. That's completely different from Google Home and Amazon Echo." Related Stories Bravo's Andy Cohen on Authentic Brand Integrations, Like Amazon Echo the Bartender Wikipedia Editors Ask Burger King to Apologize for its Google Home Stunt Apple will need that privacy message to matter if it wants to catch up in the home-speaker space. Amazon has already sold 15 million Echo speakers, according to Forrester, and it is almost ready to launch its next-generation device that will feature a screen to display more information. Echo and Google Home have both been opened up to outside developers and brands to build services that interact with people in their homes and infiltrate their daily habits. Publishers like The New York Times and Bloomberg develop for the home speakers, appliances interact with them through voice controls, and consumers can shop through them. But they can also be perceived as creepy monitoring devices that listen in on the home, and sometimes turn on without anyone even prompting them. Amazon Echo has been subpoenaed for recording taken during alleged murders. "Apple is also starting to differentiate their approach to reassure consumers about their privacy," said Thomas Husson, a principal analyst at Forrester. "How their data is being used is a key area moving forward where both Google and Amazon are, for now, less legitimate given their core business models." Apple doesn't have the same demands on its business to commercialize consumer data, and it's taken a stronger stance against digital tracking. At the Worldwide Developers Conference, where it revealed the Home Pod, it also launched its next-generation operating systems and browsers, and it emphasized the ability to control Web tracking. The restrictions, however, could also make it tougher for partners to build for the Home Pod. It will be much more of a walled garden and privacy will be the biggest concern, said people familiar with the matter. At WWDC, Apple didn't have launch partners ready to promote special services, but that doesn't mean they're not being developed. "We are already thinking about it," said one media executive speaking on condition of anonymity. "We are discussing how we think of connected devices and coming up with the principles that will guide what we're going to do to be live on the Home Pod." Marketers that are developing for home speakers are looking for any new insights into consumers' mindsets. For instance, Tool North America, an agency that specializes in artificial intelligence and internet of things technology, is interested in even understanding people's moods based on how they sound talking to home devices. A person could be happy or stressed, and brands could use that for more targeted messaging, said Dustin Callif, a managing partner at Tool. That's the kind of data Apple could guard closely, but Callif thinks the company also will want to have the most helpful service it can. "If it's going to enhance their platform in a way that gives a better experience for consumers or brands," Callif said. "They'll understand this is all part of what they need to be experimenting with." In this article: A.I. Ad Tech Digital Mobile Privacy Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google finally releases “fix” for freezing problems of Pixel, Pixel XL By Ida Torres - June 7, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter It took them almost seven months, but it looks like Google has finally been able to fix the problems that some Pixel and Pixel XL owners have been complaining about since November. While the two devices have gotten some good reviews, there are also a lot of issues for the first devices that were designed, developed, and marketed by the tech giant. The fix comes in the June security update rolling out to users, but it also comes with an admission that it is still no guarantee that it will be able to fix the freezing problem. There is a pretty long thread on Google’s product forums where users have been venting their frustration that their Pixel and Pixel XL would sometimes freeze up for no apparent reason or when they try out certain operations. The complaints started last November but it’s only now that Google has addressed the issue. The fix is included in the June security update and has already started rolling out to users. However, in the next breath, they also emphasized that there is no guarantee that it will be fixed. Their actual statement reads, “Freezing and general device performance issues can be caused my many different things, so please continue to update this post with your individual experiences after accepting the June security OTA.” It must be pretty frustrating for a Google Pixel or Pixel XL owner to have waited for months for a fix, only to be told it might not even work. Hopefully, Google will be able to fix it really soon or the chances of the next Pixel device will be successful is dwindling by the day. SOURCE: Google TAGS Android Google Pixel Pixel XL Smartphone Ida Torres Must Read HTC U11 Hands-on: squeezing every last measure available BlackBerry KEYone Review Samsung Galaxy S8 Review Community 922.7klikes 478.5kfollowers 86kcomments / Free WordPress Plugins and WordPress Themes by Silicon Themes. Join us right now! Latest Devices Coolpad Defiant Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise RSS Feed © 2008 - 2017 Android Community
News Stocks Technology Science Tech Space Human Earth Health Politics World Videos TheTape Latest Follow WSP Newsletter RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Search for: HomeBusinessIs Amazon Starting To Take Revenue Off Of Google and Facebook’s Plate? Is Amazon Starting To Take Revenue Off Of Google and Facebook’s Plate? Facebook and Google have been dominating the field for awhile. Maybe it's about time another formidable player entered the picture. June 7, 2017 WSP It’s been said that a major percentage of e-commerce searches start with Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and end with a purchase on Amazon. For the longest time, however, any kind of search mostly began with Google, and the observation that when it comes to e-commerce, more and more searches now begin with Amazon, says a whole lot about the change that has been slowly taking place. In a report by Business Insider, ad agency 360i executive chairman Bryan Wiener was quoted as saying (about Amazon): “They are becoming a significant player. They are starting to take revenue off of Google’s plate. It’s just started to reach a tipping point.” The reason behind this shift isn’t too difficult to understand. Anyone who has goods to sell has to make sure that Amazon is the primary sales channel because its audience and markets are simply too large to be ignored. But that’s not the only reason, though. Amazon has already branched out from selling products — both from other vendors and their own — to selling sponsored product listings ; you know-those items that appear first when users search for items. And as such sponsored product listings seem to be working, more and more ad agencies are jumping in on the trend, making Amazon’s future on this side of business more and more attractive by the minute. 360i is among the agencies whose clients are now selling their products on Amazon, with the agency reportedly trying to quickly build on this venture. Another agency that’s doing almost the same thing is Bullish. In fact, one of its managing partners, Michael Duda, confirmed that they have recently pulled out ads from Facebook and Google, had these transferred to Amazon, and immediately saw a 10% jump in sales. Of course, the road ahead may be lucrative and promising, but bumps and stops are to be expected. To begin with, Amazon’s main strength lies in getting consumers to buy stuff they’re already interested to buy, and not in enticing customers to buy stuff they don’t know about. Which means, when it comes to random searches, search giant Google and social networking Facebook will continue to have the edge, unless Amazon figures out a way around this. Second, now that it has its own products to sell, Amazon’s focus might get diverted to selling their products and prioritize these above everything else. Third, it might be harder to quantify the results of advertising on Amazon compared with advertising on Google and Facebook because the team that will handle advertising may not be as well-versed on digital ads as Google’s and Facebook’s teams are. This, in turn, will make it harder to strategize and decide on whether adjustments are needed or not. Suffice it to say, while Amazon may be causing a stir in the digital ad front, it still has quite a long way to go. So for now at least, Google and Facebook need not to worry too much. But they shouldn’t remain complacent either. AMZN Previous article Next article Related Articles Business Amazon (AMZN) Seeks Permission To Test Its Drones Outside The FAA’s Testing Sites July 11, 2014 WSP Consumer The Gloves are Off: Walmart (WMT) Beating Amazon (AMZN) At Its Own Game? August 23, 2016 WSP News Notable Upgrades: Amazon.com (AMZN), SolarCity (SCTY), Juniper (JNPR), Qlik Technologies (QLIK), Visa Inc. (V) July 24, 2015 WSP Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website The Latest Bitcoin ‘Not a Fad’. Could Spike To $100K In 10 Years – Analyst June 8, 2017 Is Amazon Starting To Take Revenue Off Of Google and Facebook’s Plate? June 7, 2017 Breakthrough In Chip Technology: World’s Smallest Chip Ever Created June 7, 2017 This Antioxidant Has The Potential To Reverse Aging In Human Skin June 6, 2017 4 Physical Impossibilities That May Be Possible After All June 5, 2017 Editor’s Picks Earth’s Carbon Dioxide Breaking Dangerous Records April 30, 2017 The Era Of Smartphones Is Ending April 4, 2017 Scientists Identify Key Gene That Controls Brain Aging March 21, 2017 HIV Breakthrough Could Speed Up Cure March 21, 2017 Was Einstein Wrong About Gravity? March 19, 2017 Warning from Experts: Painkillers May Significantly Raise Cardiac Arrest Risk March 19, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google+ Authors Copyright © 2017 Wall Street Pit | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Ajay Singh has turned SpiceJet around but can it survive without him? Business Standard After ending Google users' free ride, WSJ fades in search results Traffic from Google plummeted 44 per cent after WSJ free articles went behind paywall Bloomberg  June 7, 2017 Last Updated at 22:43 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWRfUi ALSO READ Trump's immigration order prompts Google to recall travelling staff Infosys amends Articles of Association to go for share buyback Wall Street dips after tepid GDP, earnings Wall Street set for big gains on first trading day of 2017 Wall Street opens higher as govt shutdown averted After blocking Google users from reading free articles in February, the Wall Street Journal’s subscription business soared, with a fourfold increase in the rate of visitors converting into paying customers. But there was a trade-off: Traffic from Google plummeted 44 per cent.   The reason: Google search results are based on an algorithm that scans the internet for free content. After the Journal’s free articles went behind a paywall, Google’s bot only saw the first few paragraphs and started ranking them lower, limiting the Journal’s viewership.   Executives at the Journal, owned by Rupert Murdoch’s News Corp, argue that Google’s policy is unfairly punishing them for trying to attract more digital subscribers. They want Google to treat their articles equally in search rankings, despite being behind a paywall.   “Any site like ours automatically doesn’t get the visibility in search that a free site would,” Suzi Watford, the Journal’s chief marketing officer, said in an interview. “You are definitely being discriminated against as a paid news site.”   The Journal’s experience could have implications across the news industry, where publishers are relying more on convincing readers to pay for their articles because tech giants like Google and Facebook are vacuuming up the lion’s share of online advertising.   The Journal’s owner, News Corp, competes with Bloomberg , the parent company of Bloomberg News, in providing financial news and information.   With Google, publishers try to strike a balance. While they may want to sign up more subscribers by not giving away free articles, they also don’t want their content to drop in search results, which drives traffic to their sites and can boost advertising sales. For that reason, many outlets with subscription businesses — like the New York Times and Financial Times — let Google users read at least one free article so they still rank high in search results.   Read More On Wsj Free Articles Behind Paywall | Wall Street Journal | Google | Free Ride | Wsj Articles | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance After ending Google users' free ride, WSJ fades in search results Traffic from Google plummeted 44 per cent after WSJ free articles went behind paywall Traffic from Google plummeted 44 per cent after WSJ free articles went behind paywall After blocking Google users from reading free articles in February, the Wall Street Journal’s subscription business soared, with a fourfold increase in the rate of visitors converting into paying customers. But there was a trade-off: Traffic from Google plummeted 44 per cent.   The reason: Google search results are based on an algorithm that scans the internet for free content. After the Journal’s free articles went behind a paywall, Google’s bot only saw the first few paragraphs and started ranking them lower, limiting the Journal’s viewership.   Executives at the Journal, owned by Rupert Murdoch’s News Corp, argue that Google’s policy is unfairly punishing them for trying to attract more digital subscribers. They want Google to treat their articles equally in search rankings, despite being behind a paywall.   “Any site like ours automatically doesn’t get the visibility in search that a free site would,” Suzi Watford, the Journal’s chief marketing officer, said in an interview. “You are definitely being discriminated against as a paid news site.”   The Journal’s experience could have implications across the news industry, where publishers are relying more on convincing readers to pay for their articles because tech giants like Google and Facebook are vacuuming up the lion’s share of online advertising.   The Journal’s owner, News Corp, competes with Bloomberg , the parent company of Bloomberg News, in providing financial news and information.   With Google, publishers try to strike a balance. While they may want to sign up more subscribers by not giving away free articles, they also don’t want their content to drop in search results, which drives traffic to their sites and can boost advertising sales. For that reason, many outlets with subscription businesses — like the New York Times and Financial Times — let Google users read at least one free article so they still rank high in search results.   Bloomberg Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 After ending Google users' free ride, WSJ fades in search results Traffic from Google plummeted 44 per cent after WSJ free articles went behind paywall After blocking Google users from reading free articles in February, the Wall Street Journal’s subscription business soared, with a fourfold increase in the rate of visitors converting into paying customers. But there was a trade-off: Traffic from Google plummeted 44 per cent.   The reason: Google search results are based on an algorithm that scans the internet for free content. After the Journal’s free articles went behind a paywall, Google’s bot only saw the first few paragraphs and started ranking them lower, limiting the Journal’s viewership.   Executives at the Journal, owned by Rupert Murdoch’s News Corp, argue that Google’s policy is unfairly punishing them for trying to attract more digital subscribers. They want Google to treat their articles equally in search rankings, despite being behind a paywall.   “Any site like ours automatically doesn’t get the visibility in search that a free site would,” Suzi Watford, the Journal’s chief marketing officer, said in an interview. “You are definitely being discriminated against as a paid news site.”   The Journal’s experience could have implications across the news industry, where publishers are relying more on convincing readers to pay for their articles because tech giants like Google and Facebook are vacuuming up the lion’s share of online advertising.   The Journal’s owner, News Corp, competes with Bloomberg , the parent company of Bloomberg News, in providing financial news and information.   With Google, publishers try to strike a balance. While they may want to sign up more subscribers by not giving away free articles, they also don’t want their content to drop in search results, which drives traffic to their sites and can boost advertising sales. For that reason, many outlets with subscription businesses — like the New York Times and Financial Times — let Google users read at least one free article so they still rank high in search results.   Bloomberg Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to main content Login Classifieds CarsHQ JobsHQ HomesHQ ApartmentsHQ Classifieds Marketplace Duluth News Tribune Search Search Sections Home news Headlines Summer and rosé go together Montana congressman-elect apologizes for assault on reporter, donates to press freedom org Live at 9 a.m.: Former FBI Director James Comey testifies to Senate intelligence committee Spicy, creamy, decadent: Try Thai iced tea cupcakes Photos: Duluth East High School graduation More Topics crime education health iron range politics st louis county superior business Headlines News Tribune building listed for sale Bad news, good news for Iron Range solar panel plant Two new tugs arrive in Twin Ports New law takes aim at Minnesota's biomass industry Ascena earnings delayed, stock down More Topics construction energy mining money shipping technology transportation sports Headlines Zunino's walk-off HR sends Mariners past Twins Warriors escape with win to move to brink of NBA title Huskies rally to beat Thunder Bay at Wade Prep track: Rebels’ Lilya to compete in wheelchair sprints at his first state meet Prep track: Lumberjacks’ Kelley a state title contender in the long jump More Topics baseball basketball football golf hockey preps running features Headlines In theaters: 'My Cousin Rachel,' 'It Comes at Night' and more ALBUM REVIEW: Ian Alexy tries a new sound on for size on "Deserters" BEST BETS: The Sea The Sea, Roller Dames and more A&E NOTES: Horvath leaves Playhouse, FEmn Fest and more Art Gallery: A quilt and a dog More Topics pursuits taste A&E home weekend featured columnists milestones Headlines Robert and Lois Mix Happy Birthday, Shirl! Marvin and Jean Peterson Larson-Privette Braxton Paul William Langenbrunner More Topics weddings engagements anniversaries new arrivals 100 candles special occasions obituaries Headlines Donald M. Alseth John "Pete" Benson David James Kreager Michael Robert Mudek Robert Richard Pekkala More Topics memorials opinion Headlines A Canadian's View: Canada-U.S. relationship: a model for the entire world Our View: Don't mess with U.S.-Canada relationship Reader's View: With dearth of information, tick story welcomed Reader's View: Kennedy has insights for council Judge's View: Contempt, in court, can be especially contemptible More Topics columns editorial cartoons local view national view other view our view readers views outdoors Headlines 2017 Nice Fish Gallery MN DNR Weekly Report for June 5, 2017 Field Reports: Student trapshooters will compete at championships this week Strong steelhead, Kamloops runs on North Shore To ride the Divide: Duluth-area mountain bikers taking on an epic challenge this summer More Topics fishing hunting community Headlines Pets of the Week for June 6, 2017 Looking for dad stories Make a Difference Rec Sports Mentor Duluth More Topics scrapbook family Weather Forecast Close Forecast Radar Tweet Live at 9 a.m.: Former FBI Director James Comey testifies to Senate intelligence committee The billion dollar war over maps By CNN on Jun 7, 2017 at 12:15 p.m. Google Earth, which is known for showing satellite imagery, topography and 3D buildings, unveiled new features on Tuesday, April 18, 2017 that offer additional information and more interactive experiences. Google Maps image from CNN. During a test drive near Ford's Michigan headquarters, the team noticed something strange with its self-driving cars. Each car shifted slightly at the same point in the lane "as if they were avoiding a pothole," says Jim McBride, Ford's senior technical leader for autonomous cars. The problem wasn't the cars -- it was the map. The team had just updated its 3D map of the test route, which helps guide self-driving cars. But a minor glitch caused one pixel on the map to have the wrong data value. It told the car a spot in the ground was raised 10 inches, when it was perfectly level. "The new map looked perfect to the human eye," McBride says. But not to the eye of a self-driving car. "A single incorrect pixel," he says, was enough to throw off the cars. The power of that tiny mapping glitch, which happened a few years ago, highlights the newfound importance of a product many consumers likely take for granted. For much of the last decade, digital maps have helped people pull up basic directions while walking and driving. But tech and auto companies are investing in a new generation of maps for a much more demanding audience: self-driving cars. These maps, often referred to as HD maps, go far beyond basic turn-by-turn directions. Some incorporate continuously updating data on lane markings, street signs, traffic signals, potholes and even the height of a curb -- all down to the centimeter. The maps help the car place itself in the world with a greater degree of accuracy, augmenting the sensors in the vehicle. As an example, McBride says maps can guide cars when the lane markings are covered by snow or a truck is blocking the car's view of a traffic signal. It can also free up car sensors to focus on detecting objects not included on the map, like pedestrians. Maps may not get as much attention as videos of self-driving cars on the road, or the LIDAR laser sensors at the heart of a blockbuster lawsuit between Uber and Google. But they are a key piece of the puzzle under the hood. Maps could help ensure safer deployment of self-driving cars in the next years. And they may just have the potential to create a new billion-dollar industry. "If you have an autonomous car, then the map is not going to be an optional feature," says John Ristevski, former VP of Here, a mapping business once owned by Nokia that offers HD maps. "It's going to be a core component of the vehicle that will produce ongoing revenue." Unlike traditional navigation systems sold by companies like TomTom, HD maps may need to be updated as much as daily for certain regions. For example, a busy city street that goes through construction and pedestrian areas might need more frequent data than a long, uninterrupted freeway. Ristevski says that opens up the possibility of a subscription model that could one day bring in "billions" for mapping companies. The race to build up this next generation of maps is only getting more crowded. Google, Uber, Ford and others are each working to collect data for HD maps with sensors in their autonomous cars. At Waymo, Google's self-driving car division, staffers parse out the data collected to identify objects like driveways and fire hydrants. The cars then "automatically send reports back to our mapping team whenever they detect changes" like construction, according to the company. But this approach is difficult even for companies with a strong bench of technical talent. "If you thought creating regular maps for Google was hard, creating self-driving maps is much, much harder," says Brian McClendon, Uber's former VP of maps who previously worked on Google Maps. "The amount of data involved is huge. The precision required is very hard as well." A number of automakers, including General Motors and Volkswagen, have opted to lean more on third-party services to get their maps off the ground. Mobileye, a self-driving car firm recently acquired by Intel for $15 billion, inked agreements in April with Volkswagen, BMW and Nissan for a mapping product. The goal is to pool together mapping data from car manufacturers "to generate as much scale as possible," says Dan Galves, Mobileye's chief communications officer. "You can spend the money, hire the people -- assuming you can hire the right guys -- but that will take years. That happens too late for this race," says James Wu, a veteran of the mapping teams at Google and Apple. His startup, DeepMap, announced $32 million in funding last month that will provide a "full-stack mapping service" to companies. Other mapping startups like Civil Maps, backed by Ford, and Mapbox are also working with automakers. Carmera, another startup, came out of stealth mode this week with $6.4 million in funding and plans to crowdsource "real-time" data for maps. That includes offering "pedestrian analytics" and a "real-time event feed" for construction and road closures. Google remains the obvious frontrunner. The company has deep pockets and a longer history investing in self-driving cars and mapping products like Street View and Google Earth. Lars Rasmussen, co-creator of Google Maps, remembers Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin telling his team years ago that they'd "have to spend billions of dollars" on maps "and it's worth it." "I think one of the reasons that [maps] excited Larry was that he had this idea of self-driving cars," says Rasmussen, who left Google for Facebook in 2010. Google may have won the first online mapping battle (sorry Apple), but the HD maps market is still in its early days. The winner -- or winners -- is far from the finish line. If you believe self-driving cars will eventually operate everywhere, then every city and street will need to be mapped out in granular detail. To put that in context, Uber's self-driving car team is currently mapping just one city, according to its website: Toronto. "It's a green field," says Sravan Puttagunta, founder and CEO of CivilMaps. "No company has established a majority market share, and even the ones that have a couple cities are spending billions maintaining those maps." As the race heats up, there is a lingering question in the industry about how useful these costly maps will be down the road. Some argue the cars will eventually get smart enough, with deep learning technology, not to need to rely on extensive maps. "In the short term, I can see where it's vital, but that long term may not even be 10 years," says Rebecca Lindland, executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book. The "conundrum," she says, is just as comprehensive maps hit the market, car companies "don't need them anymore." The team at Ford is "looking at the possibility" of developing algorithms for the car that don't require a prior map, according to McBride. But he's skeptical of ditching maps entirely. "You'd still save the data that you took the first time you drove there," McBride says, "and use it for the second, third and tenth time to make it better." Explore related topics:NewsBusinessMAPSTravelCarsTechnologyautomobiles Advertisement Latest Summer and rosé go together26 min ago Zunino's walk-off HR sends Mariners past Twins1 hour ago Montana congressman-elect apologizes for assault on reporter, donates to press freedom org1 hour ago Live at 9 a.m.: Former FBI Director James Comey testifies to Senate intelligence committee2 hours ago Spicy, creamy, decadent: Try Thai iced tea cupcakes3 hours ago In theaters: 'My Cousin Rachel,' 'It Comes at Night' and more 5 hours ago ALBUM REVIEW: Ian Alexy tries a new sound on for size on "Deserters"5 hours ago BEST BETS: The Sea The Sea, Roller Dames and more5 hours ago more 〉 Account Manage My Account Manage Home Delivery Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Newspaper Subscribe to the Paper Contact Contact Us Get Website Help Work With Us More JobsHQ CarsHQ HomesHQ Northland Outdoors Agweek Impact Magazine Social Areavoices Twitter Facebook RSS Feeds Forum Communications Company 3.0 © Duluth News Tribune Forum Communications Company websitesupport@forumcomm.com © Duluth News Tribune and Forum Communications Company 424 W. First St. Duluth, Minnesota 55802 Call us at (218) 723-5281 randomness
Latest News Dow 21,196 +22.47 +0.11% Nasdaq 6,295 -2.63 -0.04% S&P 500 2,433 +0.01 +0.00% 10:06 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 10:01 A.M. ET Updated Snapchat user growth could be slowing again this quarter, analysts warn 10:00 A.M. ET Lear downgraded to underweight from equal weight at Morgan Stanley 10:00 A.M. ET A London Couple's 1913 Home Gets Modern Updates 9:57 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:56 A.M. ET This is the worst thing people do on their summer vacation 9:56 A.M. ET We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 9:54 A.M. ET Updated Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin WATCH LIVE: Comey hearing in Senate gets under way Home Industries Internet/Online Services Apple ad-blocking could help Facebook and Google despite slowing online ad growth By Jeremy C. Owens Published: June 8, 2017 7:45 a.m. ET Share Morgan Stanley analysts say blocking trackers on web will help large app companies with engaged user bases Getty Images Apple executive Craig Federighi discusses new ad-blocking features in the Safari browser during the WWDC keynote Monday. By JeremyC. Owens Technology Editor Apple Inc.’s plan to block the ability to track users navigating the internet through its Safari browser could slow down the growth of online advertising but still benefit some of the largest web companies that rely on ad revenue, Morgan Stanley analysts said Wednesday. Apple AAPL, -0.39%  announced Monday at its annual World Wide Developers Conference keynote that it would start blocking advertisers’ ability to track users around the web and serve ads based on their previous browsing habits, along with blocks on ad tactics such as videos that automatically play when a page is opened. The announcement followed a Wall Street Journal report that said Alphabet Inc.’s GOOGL, -0.17% GOOG, -0.08%  Google would make a similar effort to regulate the type of ads and approaches in its leading Chrome browser. Don’t miss: Apple bets that you’ll adopt these three tech habits Online advertising continues to grow, with eMarketer and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers partner Mary Meeker reporting that overall spending on digital ads has surpassed spending on television advertising recently. Facebook Inc. and Google are the leading beneficiaries, with eMarketer predicting those two companies will combine to control about half the digital-ad market this year. Morgan Stanley analysts predict that the new approach in web browsers will affect nearly 40% of the market, roughly $28 billion in annual spending in online display ads that appear in Safari and Chrome browsers. Morgan Stanley The potential slowdown would seem to be a negative for large online-ad companies like Facebook and Google, as the analysts note that the ability to track users and serve them ads has been a big driver in the growth of online ad revenue for all online-advertising platforms. That will not be the case though, they predict. “While there could be some near-term disruption, over the long-term these changes only put a higher value on large app platforms with data around their unique, logged-in and engaged user bases,” they wrote in a note Wednesday morning. See also: Apple is making it easier to get your cracked iPhone screen fixed Specifically, the analysts call out Facebook and its Instagram and Messenger apps, as well as Google’s YouTube, as platforms that could benefit as advertisers seek new ways to reach specific users and track the benefits of their ad spending. “In some ways this will lead to a continuation of the winner take most dynamic we see in online advertising, with Facebook and Google driving ~90% of U.S. online ad growth,” the analysts wrote. Other social platforms could also benefit, they wrote, specifically Snap Inc.’s SNAP, -5.47%  Snapchat, Twitter Inc. TWTR, +0.32% and Pinterest. Gaming companies could also draw more interest, a positive for companies like Zynga Inc. ZNGA, -1.11%  and Activision Blizzard Inc. ATVI, -0.55%  Morgan Stanley analysts praised the opportunity in digital gaming in a separate note Wednesday, increasing its price targets on Activision and Electronic Arts Inc. EA, -0.81%   The move could also lead to increased advertiser interest in Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.25% they said, and potentially hurt Amazon’s smaller rivals in e-commerce, like eBay Inc. EBAY, +0.66%  and Etsy Inc. ETSY, +0.45% which use the advertising to draw consumers back to previously viewed products on their sites. Smaller online travel sites could also struggle to compete against larger players without the use of tracking ads, they said. The biggest loser may be Criteo SA CRTO, +0.84% a French online-advertising company that depends on ad retargeting algorithm, the analysts wrote. “We see this as a substantial risk to Criteo’s long-term growth,” they wrote. Criteo fell about 1% in Wednesday trading through midday, while Facebook, Alphabet and Apple all were headed toward daily gains of less than 1%. Criteo shares have gained 14.3% so far this year, topping the 8.5% gain for the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.06%  but trailing gains of more than 25% by Alphabet and Facebook. More from MarketWatch U.S. oil data shocks the market in more ways than one Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival This is why the Midwest will be the hottest retirement destination Quote References AAPL -0.60 -0.39% GOOGL -1.66 -0.17% GOOG -0.82 -0.08% SNAP -1.07 -5.47% TWTR +0.06 +0.32% ZNGA -0.04 -1.11% ATVI -0.33 -0.55% EA -0.93 -0.81% AMZN -2.57 -0.25% EBAY +0.24 +0.66% ETSY +0.06 +0.45% CRTO +0.39 +0.84% SPX -1.48 -0.06% Show all references Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Jeremy C. Owens Jeremy Owens is MarketWatch’s technology editor and San Francisco bureau chief. You can follow him on Twitter @jowens510. MarketWatch Partner Center Jeremy C. Owens Jeremy Owens is MarketWatch’s technology editor and San Francisco bureau chief. You can follow him on Twitter @jowens510. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $154.77 -0.60 (-0.39%) Volume 3.4M Open $155.25 High $155.54 Low $154.45 P/E Ratio 18.13 Div Yield 1.63 Market Cap 810.1B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $999.93 -1.66 (-0.17%) Volume 252.0K Open $1,004 High $1,006 Low $996.62 P/E Ratio 33.87 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 685.7B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $980.26 -0.82 (-0.08%) Volume 203.1K Open $982.35 High $984.57 Low $977.20 P/E Ratio 33.19 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 685.7B Snap Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SNAP $18.49 -1.07 (-5.47%) Volume 5.9M Open $19.40 High $19.40 Low $18.36 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 23.1B Twitter Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TWTR $17.50 +0.06 (+0.32%) Volume 1.7M Open $17.44 High $17.60 Low $17.27 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.7B Zynga Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: ZNGA $3.55 -0.04 (-1.11%) Volume 494.2K Open $3.59 High $3.61 Low $3.55 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.1B Activision Blizzard Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ATVI $60.20 -0.33 (-0.55%) Volume 573.7K Open $60.65 High $60.69 Low $60.02 P/E Ratio 136.27 Div Yield 0.5 Market Cap 45.6B Electronic Arts Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: EA $114.44 -0.93 (-0.81%) Volume 190.0K Open $116.04 High $116.04 Low $114.29 P/E Ratio 37.32 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 35.8B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,007.50 -2.57 (-0.25%) Volume 524.9K Open $1,012 High $1,014 Low $1,006 P/E Ratio 189.96 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 482.8B eBay Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: EBAY $36.01 +0.24 (+0.66%) Volume 778.0K Open $36.07 High $36.13 Low $35.87 P/E Ratio 5.16 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 38.7B Etsy Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ETSY $13.49 +0.06 (+0.45%) Volume 34449 Open $13.41 High $13.51 Low $13.31 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.6B Criteo S.A. ADR U.S.: Nasdaq: CRTO $47.04 +0.39 (+0.84%) Volume 121.3K Open $47.00 High $47.45 Low $46.30 P/E Ratio 40.37 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.0B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,431.66 -1.48 (-0.06%) Volume 290.5M Open 2,434 High 2,436 Low 2,429 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan WWDC 2017: We don't need better Macs. We need more powerful iPads. Cupertino is allowing vertical markets to slip away to their competition in favor of appeasing its dwindling Mac fanbase. By Jason Perlow for Tech Broiler | June 7, 2017 -- 17:07 GMT (10:07 PDT) | Topic: Innovation (Image: ZDNet) WWDC 2017 The big takeaways for technology pros Artificial intelligence, augmented reality and a bevy of developer tools gave enterprises a lot to ponder. Read More The primary purpose of any developer conference within the technology industry is to create a forum for the host to establish a clear roadmap for developers writing software so that they will better understand how their applications can be built to take advantage of that company's platforms. If you are a developer, you want to see tools. You want to see fresh APIs, and you want to see fresh hardware that your applications can really take advantage of. You want to see what is relevant to you that helps you make money with your software or value-added products. Not necessarily what is shiny. Also: The Cloud? Apple's iOS can't handle the Cloud | Upgrade already! If you're still using Windows XP, you're a menace to society | Why pay a premium when every phone runs the same apps? However, because these are companies that are public facing, with stocks that are tracked on Wall Street, developer conferences have pivoted toward being more of a dog and pony show, especially the keynotes and the self-praise that these companies shower upon themselves for reaching sales and shipment milestones. Apple is king of the developer conference keynote. Sure, Google and Microsoft are also experts at them and are students of the same school. But Apple perfected this. The hyperbole thrown around at Apple keynotes are so ridiculous and effusing that I even created a drinking game to go along with them. This year's WWDC keynote was no exception. However, I kind of got the feeling that this particular installment was Apple's turn at "Please clap" for product announcements. It was a lukewarm reception at best. We saw modest improvements to WatchOS. We saw an updated MacOS. We saw long-awaited augmented reality APIs for iOS that are a few years behind what Microsoft and Google are doing. We got to see a glimpse of iOS 11, which has some nice but minor UX improvements. The hardware, as usual, took center stage. We were shown HomePod, which is an expensive Siri-connected speaker that competes with Amazon Echo and Google Home at twice the price. We got a lukewarm refresh of the iPad Pro, a bunch of spec-upgraded iMacs, and a wallet-busting, workstation-class iMac Pro, which starts at $5,000 and competes with high-end content creation and engineering systems from HP, Lenovo, and Dell. Apple in the Enterprise: A Strategic Guide Once a pariah in the enterprise, Apple has quietly emerged as a darling of executives and professionals because of the ease of use of the iPhone and the iPad. We look at how the influx of Apple devices is changing the tech landscape in business. Read More In my estimation, the Mac refreshes received a disproportionally amount of time focused on them, considering that -- as a product line -- the iMac only accounts for about 9 to 11 percent of Apple's revenue, and its overall market share in the content creation market, which is what the super high-end iMac Pro is addressing, has dwindled to almost nothing. Nobody is using Macs for high-end engineering, 3D modeling, or medical imaging. Those workloads have for the most part gone the way of Microsoft Windows, and to a lesser but more focused extent, Linux. I know this because my brother works in that industry and has seen that market shift in person. And I know what his peers in Hollywood are up to as well. The iMac Pro -- and the yet-to-be-seen, forthcoming Mac Pro refresh -- is addressing a market that just plain does not exist. These are symbolic machines designed to run software workloads that do not really run on that platform anymore. This is a machine designed for rich fanboys. It is the personal computer workstation equivalent of a Bugatti Veyron. It's meant to look pretty and show off to people that you have a lot of money. There will undoubtedly be some takers. It may even sell out in extremely limited quantities. But like a million dollar hypercar, you'll never unleash the full potential of the thing on the highway due to the fact you sit in traffic constantly and everyone else is doing 70mph. To get that car really cooking, you need to be a sheikh with your own racing track and ideally your own fuel refinery. Sure, there's still plenty of Macs left in publishing, but you don't need a terabyte of RAM and 12 or 18 Xeon processor cores to do magazine layouts or even high-end paint stuff. The $1,500 to $2,000 iMacs are fine for that. So are the MacBooks. Of course, those workloads are almost entirely dominated by Windows now, too. Do you know what high-end content creation and engineering types really want? Touchscreens. Styluses. Stuff that runs on powerful PC convertible devices like the Surface Pro 4, the Surface Book, and Surface Laptop, so they can actually draw on the thing. You would think that would be the perfect market for Apple. This is a vertical segment just waiting to be exploited. But there are no touchscreen/digitizer capable Macs. Only iPads. OS X High Sierra, for all the attention that it got at WWDC, has no touchscreen APIs. But the iPad is woefully unequipped to run real vertical market apps. It doesn't have enough CPU horsepower, enough memory, and isn't hardened for field use. It would be theoretically possible to make up for this deficiency by having the cloud do the heavy lifting. That technology is real and Apple has the money and expertise to make something like that work. But Apple's cloud is not business or vertical-market worthy, and as a company, it has done an awful job in partnering with companies whose clouds actually are. I was rather disappointed in the iPad lineup shown at this year's WWDC. I was hoping that we would really see iPad really go "Pro," with larger memory configurations and much more powerful CPU/GPUs. Apple's iOS 11 is absolutely up to the task now, but the iPad hardware is not. Yes, the higher refresh screen technology is nice from a consumer standpoint, but what professionals really want is 4K or higher tablet screens. You need a lot of video memory and a lot of CPU and GPU horsepower to drive that stuff in real time. It's not easy to do this with embedded systems, particularly with ARM-based architecture and bus bandwidth, but it is possible especially if you leverage the cloud. Apple's marketing-speak aside, the current crop of iPad Pros are really just a small iterative improvement over the late 2015 models. I myself considered giving the new 12.9-inch a pass this time around, as I was already fairly happy with my 2015 first-generation unit given the apps I actually use. I ordered the new one only because I write about this stuff, and Amazon offered me $400 in credit if I traded it in. If I didn't actually write about this stuff, I definitely would have let it go. So, yes, I bought the new one, but under protest. The artists and content-creation people who I know in the entertainment and publishing industry were hoping for something from Apple that had a larger screen with higher resolution, more powerful processing, and is touch-capable. But many of them have already moved on to Surface devices, including the Surface Studio -- which, in many ways, is the Mac Pro or the iPad Pro that Apple should really have built. If they do use iPads now, it's for light work, and it isn't their main device. Apple has an iPad Pro that really isn't built for Pros and can't run Pro workloads. And that is indeed very sad. But, hey, please clap. Are you excited about the new iPad Pro or are you giving it a pass? Talk Back and Let Me Know. WWDC 2017 highlights The big takeaways for technology pros macOS's new file system Hands-on with the new iPad Pro HomePod is too little, too late and too expensive iOS 11 revealed with more Siri smarts, AR support Mac updates, Mac OS High Sierra target VR developers Apple launches augmented reality developer tools Apple announces new iMac range, powers up the MacBook Siri gets top billing on watchOS 4, Apple Watch Apple reveals macOS refresh, High Sierra Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Banking ​Commonwealth Bank looks to three-hour code release nirvana Innovation BP invests $20m into AI startup Beyond Limits to transform oil and gas exploration Innovation Project Wing successfully tests drone management platform Artificial Intelligence Bringing voice control to the office of the future × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Latest News Dow 21,196 +22.57 +0.11% Nasdaq 6,295 -2.61 -0.04% S&P 500 2,433 +0.02 +0.00% 10:06 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 10:01 A.M. ET Updated Snapchat user growth could be slowing again this quarter, analysts warn 10:00 A.M. ET Lear downgraded to underweight from equal weight at Morgan Stanley 10:00 A.M. ET A London Couple's 1913 Home Gets Modern Updates 9:57 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:56 A.M. ET This is the worst thing people do on their summer vacation 9:56 A.M. ET We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 9:54 A.M. ET Updated Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Internet/Online Services Apple ad-blocking could help Facebook and Google despite slowing online ad growth By Jeremy C. Owens Published: June 8, 2017 7:45 a.m. ET Share Morgan Stanley analysts say blocking trackers on web will help large app companies with engaged user bases Getty Images Apple executive Craig Federighi discusses new ad-blocking features in the Safari browser during the WWDC keynote Monday. By JeremyC. Owens Technology Editor Apple Inc.’s plan to block the ability to track users navigating the internet through its Safari browser could slow down the growth of online advertising but still benefit some of the largest web companies that rely on ad revenue, Morgan Stanley analysts said Wednesday. Apple AAPL, -0.30%  announced Monday at its annual World Wide Developers Conference keynote that it would start blocking advertisers’ ability to track users around the web and serve ads based on their previous browsing habits, along with blocks on ad tactics such as videos that automatically play when a page is opened. The announcement followed a Wall Street Journal report that said Alphabet Inc.’s GOOGL, -0.18% GOOG, -0.09%  Google would make a similar effort to regulate the type of ads and approaches in its leading Chrome browser. Don’t miss: Apple bets that you’ll adopt these three tech habits Online advertising continues to grow, with eMarketer and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers partner Mary Meeker reporting that overall spending on digital ads has surpassed spending on television advertising recently. Facebook Inc. and Google are the leading beneficiaries, with eMarketer predicting those two companies will combine to control about half the digital-ad market this year. Morgan Stanley analysts predict that the new approach in web browsers will affect nearly 40% of the market, roughly $28 billion in annual spending in online display ads that appear in Safari and Chrome browsers. Morgan Stanley The potential slowdown would seem to be a negative for large online-ad companies like Facebook and Google, as the analysts note that the ability to track users and serve them ads has been a big driver in the growth of online ad revenue for all online-advertising platforms. That will not be the case though, they predict. “While there could be some near-term disruption, over the long-term these changes only put a higher value on large app platforms with data around their unique, logged-in and engaged user bases,” they wrote in a note Wednesday morning. See also: Apple is making it easier to get your cracked iPhone screen fixed Specifically, the analysts call out Facebook and its Instagram and Messenger apps, as well as Google’s YouTube, as platforms that could benefit as advertisers seek new ways to reach specific users and track the benefits of their ad spending. “In some ways this will lead to a continuation of the winner take most dynamic we see in online advertising, with Facebook and Google driving ~90% of U.S. online ad growth,” the analysts wrote. Other social platforms could also benefit, they wrote, specifically Snap Inc.’s SNAP, -5.27%  Snapchat, Twitter Inc. TWTR, +0.20% and Pinterest. Gaming companies could also draw more interest, a positive for companies like Zynga Inc. ZNGA, -0.84%  and Activision Blizzard Inc. ATVI, -0.80%  Morgan Stanley analysts praised the opportunity in digital gaming in a separate note Wednesday, increasing its price targets on Activision and Electronic Arts Inc. EA, -1.01%   The move could also lead to increased advertiser interest in Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.19% they said, and potentially hurt Amazon’s smaller rivals in e-commerce, like eBay Inc. EBAY, +0.87%  and Etsy Inc. ETSY, +0.48% which use the advertising to draw consumers back to previously viewed products on their sites. Smaller online travel sites could also struggle to compete against larger players without the use of tracking ads, they said. The biggest loser may be Criteo SA CRTO, +0.94% a French online-advertising company that depends on ad retargeting algorithm, the analysts wrote. “We see this as a substantial risk to Criteo’s long-term growth,” they wrote. Criteo fell about 1% in Wednesday trading through midday, while Facebook, Alphabet and Apple all were headed toward daily gains of less than 1%. Criteo shares have gained 14.3% so far this year, topping the 8.5% gain for the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.03%  but trailing gains of more than 25% by Alphabet and Facebook. More from MarketWatch U.K. election: The worst, best and most likely scenarios for stocks worldwide This is why the Midwest will be the hottest retirement destination Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Quote References AAPL -0.46 -0.30% GOOGL -1.84 -0.18% GOOG -0.84 -0.09% SNAP -1.03 -5.27% TWTR +0.03 +0.20% ZNGA -0.03 -0.84% ATVI -0.48 -0.80% EA -1.16 -1.01% AMZN -1.91 -0.19% EBAY +0.31 +0.87% ETSY +0.07 +0.48% CRTO +0.44 +0.94% SPX -0.63 -0.03% Show all references Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Jeremy C. Owens Jeremy Owens is MarketWatch’s technology editor and San Francisco bureau chief. You can follow him on Twitter @jowens510. MarketWatch Partner Center Jeremy C. Owens Jeremy Owens is MarketWatch’s technology editor and San Francisco bureau chief. You can follow him on Twitter @jowens510. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $154.91 -0.46 (-0.30%) Volume 3.7M Open $155.25 High $155.54 Low $154.45 P/E Ratio 18.1 Div Yield 1.63 Market Cap 810.1B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $999.75 -1.84 (-0.18%) Volume 291.4K Open $1,004 High $1,006 Low $996.62 P/E Ratio 33.81 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 685.7B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $980.24 -0.84 (-0.09%) Volume 232.1K Open $982.35 High $984.57 Low $977.20 P/E Ratio 33.15 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 685.7B Snap Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SNAP $18.53 -1.03 (-5.27%) Volume 6.4M Open $19.40 High $19.40 Low $18.36 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 23.1B Twitter Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TWTR $17.47 +0.03 (+0.20%) Volume 1.9M Open $17.44 High $17.60 Low $17.27 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.7B Zynga Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: ZNGA $3.56 -0.03 (-0.84%) Volume 582.5K Open $3.59 High $3.61 Low $3.55 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.1B Activision Blizzard Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ATVI $60.05 -0.48 (-0.80%) Volume 708.7K Open $60.65 High $60.69 Low $60.02 P/E Ratio 136.49 Div Yield 0.5 Market Cap 45.6B Electronic Arts Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: EA $114.21 -1.16 (-1.01%) Volume 226.6K Open $116.04 High $116.04 Low $114.21 P/E Ratio 37.25 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 35.8B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,008.16 -1.91 (-0.19%) Volume 582.0K Open $1,012 High $1,014 Low $1,006 P/E Ratio 189.68 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 482.8B eBay Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: EBAY $36.08 +0.31 (+0.87%) Volume 874.4K Open $36.07 High $36.13 Low $35.87 P/E Ratio 5.14 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 38.7B Etsy Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ETSY $13.50 +0.07 (+0.48%) Volume 42031 Open $13.41 High $13.53 Low $13.31 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.6B Criteo S.A. ADR U.S.: Nasdaq: CRTO $47.09 +0.44 (+0.94%) Volume 145.0K Open $47.00 High $47.45 Low $46.30 P/E Ratio 40.4 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.0B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,432.51 -0.63 (-0.03%) Volume 324.4M Open 2,434 High 2,436 Low 2,429 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum All Products 3D Printers Antivirus Baby Monitors Bluetooth Speakers Cameras (360 Degrees) Cameras (Action) Cameras (All) Cameras (Bridge) Cameras (Compact) Cameras (DSLR) Cameras (Home Security) Cameras (Mirrorless) Cameras (Phone) Cameras (Waterproof) Cloud Backup Services Computers (All-in-One) Drones Fitness Trackers Game Controllers (PC) Gaming Headsets Gaming Keyboards Gaming Mice Gaming Monitors Gaming PCs Gift Ideas Golf Tech GPS Watches Headphones ID Theft Protection iPhone Lenses iPhone Trade-In Deals Key Finders Keyboards (Ergonomic) Kid Trackers (GPS) Kitchen Tech Laptops Mini PCs Mobile Network Modems Online Fax Services Parental Control Apps Phone Carriers Phone Plans Photo Books Photo Calendars Photo Storage Sites Photo-Editing Software Portable Chargers Printers Robot Vacuums Routers Screen Mirroring Devices Smart Home Hubs Smart Home Tech Smart Locks Smart Scales Smart Thermostats Smartphones Smartwatches Soundbars Speakers (Outdoor) Streaming Players Streaming Services TV Antennas TVs TVs (4K/Ultra HD) Virtual Reality Headsets Wi-Fi-Extenders MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Routers Review Netgear Orbi RBK40 Review: Great Mesh Router for the Price by Brian Nadel Jun 7, 2017, 9:32 AM Netgear Orbi RBK40 in Best Wi-Fi Routers 2017 Editor's choice The good Dedicated backchannel for data Excellent performance all around Quick and easy setup Customizable via browser interface The bad Relatively large devices Bare-bones dedicated app No USB ports Verdict 8/10 Totally worth it $292.86 Walmart While other networking-hardware manufacturers are coming out with their first mesh-router kits, Netgear is already on its second generation with two new Orbi sets that are physically smaller, slightly less powerful and more affordable than the Orbi RBK50, our current Editor's Choice. Credit: NetgearWe tested and used the larger of the two new sets, the RBK40, and found that it nearly replicates the original Orbi's excellent performance. The RBK40's twin devices are just as easy to set up and will fill most medium-to-large-size homes with strong Wi-Fi signals. Like the larger Orbi set, this moderately priced ($350) set delivers mesh-router networking as it was meant to be, delivering strong Wi-Fi signals throughout most medium-to-large-size homes with no loss in data throughput as transmissions pass from one device to the next. The second-generation Orbi system was remarkably reliable and consistent in our lab tests. Our only quibbles are that this new set lacks USB ports for external devices, and that, as with the previous model, users must install a second mobile app to gain the most out of their new purchase. Otherwise, we can heartily recommend the Netgear Orbi RBK40 mesh-router system. Costs and What's Covered Netgear's second-generation Orbi RBK40 mesh-routing kit includes a router and a matching extension. The set costs $350, $50 less than the original two-piece Orbi set, but more than Amped Wireless's Ally Plus two-piece kit or Google Wifi's three-piece set. According to Netgear, the RBK40 kit should easily cover a 4,000-square-foot home, slightly less than the original RBK50's 5,000-square-foot coverage. You can also add a second extension for greater coverage. All Orbi gear creates a hub- and-spoke network among the router units, rather than the true mesh topology that the Eero, Google Wifi, Securifi Almond 3 and others set up. (Netgear is working on a mesh-enabling Orbi firmware update.) You can connect the Orbi units wirelessly or, for greater performance, with Ethernet cables. MORE: Don't Rent Your Router: Here Are the Best to Buy Netgear also sells a $300 kit dubbed the RBK30. It includes the same medium-size base station the RBK40 has, but trades the matching extension for a much smaller satellite that plugs directly into a grounded wall outlet. All the satellite extensions are also sold on their own. The good news is that the two routers and three satellites in the extended Orbi family all work with each other. This ability to mix and match based on the needs of your particular environment provides extraordinary, if expensive, flexibility. Design The new Orbi router and extension follow the same organically rounded contours and flat white finish of the original Orbi pair. The pleasantly smooth design stands in contrast to angular, squared-off competitors such as the Linksys Velop. Credit: NetgearAt 8.0 x 6.4 x 3.1 inches, the RBK40 devices are smaller than the original Orbi pair, but are still about four times the size of the Google Wifi hockey pucks. The plug-in satellite in the RBK30 set is only 6.3 x 3.0 x 3.3 inches. The Genie app lets you create a guest network, enforce parental controls, block specific devices and even suspend internet connectivity for a time. The RBK40's router and satellite have standard AC adapters, while the RBK30's satellite can be plugged directly into any three-prong wall outlet. The wall plug leaves just enough room for another power cord below it, but it lacks the pass-through plug found on some powerline-networking devices. None of the Orbi devices has a touch screen, but the routers have LEDs on top that let you know what's going on. White means the router is in the setup process; blue means everything is connected; red denotes a major problem, or that you should try moving the devices closer to each other to get a better connection. Credit: NetgearSomewhat disappointingly, neither the RBK40 router nor the extension has a USB port, in contrast to the RBK50 units' one each. (Nor does the RBK30 wall plug.) You won't be able to connect printers or storage drives without network connections to either RBK 40 device. Both the router and the extension in the RBK40 have four amplified antennas, a power port and On/Off, Sync and reset buttons. But while the router has four 1-Gbps Ethernet ports (one for the modem and three for client devices), the RBK40 extension has only one Ethernet port, and the wall-plug unit in the RBK30 has none. Performance The RBK40 set is rated at AC2200 -- it can push through 2,200 megabits of data per second (Mbps) on the 2.4-GHz and 5-GHz radio bands combined, using the 802.11ac Wi-Fi standard. It uses the latest MU-MIMO (multiuser, multiple input, multiple output) technology to supply several client devices with super-fast data streams at the same time. Under the skin, the Orbi RBK40 is based on the Qualcomm IPQ4019 Wi-Fi chip, the same used in the original Orbi system. While the router has 512MB of RAM and 4GB of flash storage for its firmware and settings, the satellite has 256MB of RAM and 512MB of flash storage. MORE: Top-Rated Wi-Fi Extenders to Boost Your Signal The second-generation Orbi system was remarkably reliable and consistent in our lab tests, much like its counterpart. Most mesh-router systems suffer some throughput loss when a signal is bounced from one mesh node to another, because the node must "talk" both to its peers and to its clients at the same time. But the Orbi's dedicated backhaul channel (a feature shared only with the Linksys Velop) meant that adding the extension only boosted the client throughput. Credit: Purch LabsIn line-of-sight range tests, the Orbi RBK40 router did well by itself, delivering an impressive 550 Mbps at 5 feet, 544 Mbps at 15 feet, 478 Mbps at 50 feet and 315 Mbps at 100 feet, a nearly linear falloff in our line-of-sight tests. That's not terribly different from the original Orbi router's performance, but it's behind the Amped Wireless Ally Plus in terms of sheer data-blasting power. Router Performance Compared (in Mbps)   AmpliFi HD Eero Google Wifi Linksys Velop Netgear Orbi RBK50 Netgear Orbi RBK40 5 feet 368.17 573.65 464.36 412.34 552.11 549.93 15 feet 377.73 +2.6% 450.96 -21% 440.90 -5.1% 527.10 +30% 510.90 -7.5% 543.50 -1.2% 50 feet 350.83 -4.7% 449.87 -22% 389.74 -16% 459.35 +11% 447.13 -19% 478.29 -13% 100 feet 293.82 -20% 250.27 -56% 227.22 -51% 330.06 -20% 371.42 -33% 315.45 -43% 150 feet 230.86 -37% 229.85 -60% 33.79 -93% 288.42 -30% 229.07 -58% 187.54 -66% Line-of-sight testing with a single router point. Percentage indicates change from 5-foot measurement. In our structural penetration tests, the Orbi RBK40 router punched a strong signal through a variety of construction materials, delivering 537 Mbps through metal shelving, 541 Mbps through a soundboarded wall and 385 Mbps through a ceiling. The first two results placed the RBK40 among the best in mesh-router penetration performance. Data Penetration Compared (in Mbps)   AmpliFi HD Eero Google Wifi Linksys Velop Netgear Orbi RBK50 Netgear Orbi RBK40 Metal 343.45 -9.1% 448.58 -0.5% 396.39 -10% 559.95 +6.2% 455.70 -11% 536.72 -1.2% Soundboard 369.51 -2.2% 457.17 +1.4% 402.55 -8.7% 381.66 -28% 549.99 +7.7% 540.96 -0.5% Ceiling 390.21 +3.3% 471.79 +4.6% 425.2 -3.6% 67.80 -87% 424.12 -17% 384.83 -29% Penetration testing with a single router point. Percentage indicates change from 15-foot line-of-sight measurement. The Orbi backhaul channel made a big difference, however, when it came to things only mesh-router systems can do. In a line-of-sight "single-hop" test, in which the Orbi extension relayed a signal between a router and a laptop separated by 100 feet, the RBK40 delivered 394 Mbps. That was 25 percent more throughput than the router could provide without an extension at 100 feet, and was beaten only by the original Orbi among the eight mesh systems we've tested. All others, except the Velop, lost throughput on this test because they didn't have backhaul channels. (We didn't have a second Orbi extension and hence couldn't perform a "double-hop" test at 150 feet.) Single-Line Extension Hop Test (in Mbps)   AmpliFi HD Eero Google Wifi Linksys Velop Netgear Orbi RBK50 Netgear Orbi RBK40 Single Hop (100 feet) 219.93 -25% 128.99 -48% 175.57 -23% 331.62 +0.5% 475.87 +28% 394.49 +25% Double Hop (150 feet) n/a 103.52 -55% 128.90 +282% 223.22 -23% n/a n/a Point-to-point "hop" tests along a straight line. Percentages indicates change from line-of-sight tests at same distances. In our three-dimensional lab tests, which bounce signals among mesh-router devices on different floors, the mid-size Orbi set was bested only by the "big" Orbi and the Velop systems. The RBK40 managed 413 Mbps 30 feet through two walls (from the router to the extension) and 15 feet through a beamed wooden ceiling (from the extension to a laptop). That's a boost of more than 300 percent over the throughput without the extension. When the endpoint laptop was moved two rooms and 35 feet farther away, the RBK40 still kept up a good pace, delivering 231 Mbps through four walls and a ceiling, more than 1,000 percent better than without the single Orbi extension. 3D Extension Hop Tests (in Mbps)   AmpliFi HD Eero Google Wifi Linksys Velop Netgear Orbi RBK50 Netgear Orbi RBK40 30 ft thru 2 walls (A to B) 393.32 445.33 251.09 371.03 333.64 392.13 33 ft thru wall, ceiling (A to C) 192.47 136.46 36.75 121.81 119.99 95.92 48 ft thru 2 walls, ceiling (A to D) 99.72 10.62 4.42 40.29 47.35 19.63 One hop, 45 ft thru ceiling, 2 walls (A to B to C) 202.08 +5.0% 117.63 -13.8% 189.92 +417% 427.00 +250 429.13 +258% 413.30 +331% One hop, 68 ft thru ceiling, 4 walls (A to B to D) 158.01 +58% 99.81 +839.8% 73.23 +1,557% 332.79 +726% 245.66 +419% 230.53 +1074.4% Two hops, 80 ft thru ceiling, 4 walls (A to B to C to D) n/a 30.71 +189.2% 56.63 +1,181% 145.41 +261% n/a n/a Tests in a 3D space. First three tests are direct router-to-client; second three tests add extensions. Percentages indicates throughput change due to addition of extensions. Heat maps of the router's signal strength indicate the effective of the RBK40 kit. By itself, the Orbi router managed to deliver a strong signal to most of the Purch Labs space, except for the furthest room, which showed weakness (in blue). Credit: Purch LabsAdding a satellite to the center of the space took care of that problem. Credit: Purch LabsIn a 3,500-square-foot suburban home, the RBK40 duo provided a strong signal throughout. The router on its own had an excellent 110-foot range, and it was able to distribute a nominal 100-Mbps broadband connection to just about every nook and cranny of the house at between 52.2 Mbps and 116 Mbps. The mid-size Orbi set also passed an informal saturation test with bytes to spare. With a Macbook Air playing an internet radio station, a Microsoft Surface Pro 3 tablet and an iPad Pro played YouTube videos as a Samsung Tab Pro S moved data on and off a networked storage system. In spite of this onslaught of demand, all the audio and video playbacks were smooth, and none of the devices lost its connection. Setup, Warranty and Support Even as it offers the latest in router technology, Netgear has kept its products simple to use for networking neophytes. There are iOS and Android apps for the Orbi devices that make the setup process easy, but you don't even need to use them. It took less than 5 minutes to get the Orbi RBK40 kit distributing broadband in my home. The kit is a snap to set up, and the devices come pre-paired. Credit: NetgearAfter I plugged in the host router and agreed to Netgear's licensing terms, the device connected to the internet. Next, I had to run upstairs, plug in the extension and press its Sync button. Then I ran downstairs to press the Sync button on the host router; I had about 2 minutes to do so. The router scanned for and found the new node. I had to set up a Netgear account, and was given an opportunity to change the network name and passcode from their semi-random factory settings. (We strongly suggest that all router owners do so upon initial setup.) When the process was done, all the changes were shown on a handy summary page. After that, my iPad connected to the Orbi system on the first try. Netgear stands by the Orbi gear with a one-year warranty and a 60-day money-back guarantee, but will help you with software issues for only 90 days. (I prefer the more inclusive three years of coverage that Linksys includes with its Velop equipment.) Netgear's Support site has a Quick Start Guide, lots of set-up tips and tricks, a fleshed-out FAQ section and a manual. Customization The Orbi iOS and Android apps let you do rudimentary configuration tasks, such as viewing connected clients, updating firmware and adding more satellite nodes. But the desktop-browser connection interface lets you go a lot deeper, providing more options for configuring or monitoring the network. After typing orbilogin.com or the router's IP address into a browser window, a slew of customization possibilities opens up. You can do things that are not among your typical router-extension kit's range of abilities, such as changing the transmission level. To get the most out of the Orbi system, you'll have to install Netgear's Genie mobile app, which works with dozens of Netgear products. There's also a Genie desktop application for Windows and Mac. (Netgear says it is working on bringing the bare-bones Orbi app up to the same level of functionality.) Whether on a computer or a mobile device, Genie replicates many of the functions of the desktop-browser interface, letting you create a guest network, enforce parental controls, analyze traffic, block specific client devices and even suspend internet connectivity for a time. At any time, you can block specific websites and services, as well as schedule when a specific device can connect to the web. You can also see basic network statistics, but in tabular, not graphical, form. Smart-Home Integration Like most mesh-router systems, the Orbi family can't directly control home-automation devices, such as burglar alarms, lights, garage-door openers or even Netgear's own line of Arlo Wi-Fi security cameras. But Orbi owners can use Amazon Alexa voice assistants to control the network with basic commands, such as turning the guest network on and off. You'll need to use the Genie app to set this up. Security and Parental Controls As previously mentioned, each Orbi set comes from the factory with a semi-random network name and passcode. These credentials are secure enough to use during the short configuration process, but change them to something different as soon as you can. The Orbi systems support WPA2 network encryption, as well as the weaker WPA protocol. But the older, unsafe WEP standard is not supported, and computers that are a dozen or more years old may not be able to wirelessly connect. Orbis also support the Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) process, which many security experts frown upon. But WPS does let anyone uneasy with technology securely connect a new device to the network. MORE: Your Router's Security Stinks: Here's How to Fix It The Orbis automatically update their own firmware, which means that any new security flaws known to Netgear will be quickly fixed. (Older routers generally rely on users to manually find and install firmware updates.) The updates are delivered in encrypted form, which is a plus, although unlike with Google Wifi, the firmware itself isn't verified upon reboot. Parental controls are outsourced to the OpenDNS service and are serviceable but primitive. Using the Genie app or the browser interface, you create a free OpenDNS account. You can then manually block specific sites, or let Genie impose preset content filters. You can schedule filters to apply at various times, and designate specific devices that aren't subject to any filters. But for more complex functions, we recommend stand-alone parental-control software. Bottom Line Good performance, excellent reliability and ease of setup go hand-in-hand with the second-generation, medium-size Netgear Orbi RBK40 mesh-router kit. With its dedicated backchannel for feeding data from its router to its extensions, the system delivers on the mesh-router promise to not only add strong Wi-Fi signals to every corner of a medium-to-large-size home, but to do so without slowdowns in data speed. Customers with especially large houses may want to look first at the original Netgear Orbi RBK50 set, our Editor's Choice for mesh-router systems, but this smaller set is a worthy alternative for those with less roomy abodes. Specs Wi-Fi Spec: 802.11ac/Tri Band Router-Extender kit Number of Antennas/Removable: 4/No Ports: Four 1 Gbps LAN, power Processor: quad-core 717 Mhz Memory/Storage: 512 MB/4GB Flash WiFi Chip: Qualcomm IPQ 4019 Peak 802.11ac Performance: 549.93 Mbps at 5 feet Range: 110-feet (router only) Size: 8.0 x 6.4 x 3.1inches Photo credits: Netgear 8/10 Quick Take The Orbi RBK40 kit is for smaller homes than the original RBK50, but delivers similarly excellent performance and range. At $350, it's a relatively affordable way to fill a medium-size home with fast, strong Wi-Fi. $292.86 Walmart About the author Brian Nadel @nadelbrian Brian Nadel is a freelance writer and editor who specializes in technology reporting and reviewing. He works out of the suburban New York City area and has covered topics from nuclear power plants and Wi-Fi routers to cars and tablets. Read more Routers Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Off-Topic / General Discussion forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish No comments yet Your comment Comment Firstname Submit Also for routers Editor's choice Linksys WRT1900ACS 9/10 Superior $144 Amazon Editor's choice Linksys RE6500 9/10 Superior $82.99 Amazon Editor's choice Netgear R6220 Router 8/10 Totally worth it $59.99 Amazon The Latest On Tom’s Guide News 1 hr Hopes for Killer Galaxy Note 8 Feature Just Dashed Round-Up 14 hr Best iOS Games 2017 How-To 14 hr How to Update Kodi How-To 16 hr How to Use the LG G6's File Sharing Feature Deals 19 hr Get Two Sonos Speakers for Price of Single Apple HomePo... Review 21 hr Netgear Orbi RBK40 Review: Great Mesh Router for the Pr... Hands-On 21 hr This Free Tool Finds Vulnerable Devices on Your Network News 22 hr The iPhone 8's Big New Feature Is On the Way News 22 hr Crazy Britney Spears Malware Is Toxic — and Criminal Deals 23 hr Best Tech Deals of Today: Take $50 Off the Sonos PLAY:1... Review 1 day Arms Is Another Great Reason to Own a Nintendo Switch News 1 day How to Sign Up for iOS 11 Public Beta Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Latest News Dow 21,196 +22.47 +0.11% Nasdaq 6,295 -2.63 -0.04% S&P 500 2,433 +0.01 +0.00% 10:06 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 10:01 A.M. ET Updated Snapchat user growth could be slowing again this quarter, analysts warn 10:00 A.M. ET Lear downgraded to underweight from equal weight at Morgan Stanley 10:00 A.M. ET A London Couple's 1913 Home Gets Modern Updates 9:57 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:56 A.M. ET This is the worst thing people do on their summer vacation 9:56 A.M. ET We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 9:54 A.M. ET Updated Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin WATCH LIVE: Comey hearing in Senate gets under way Home Industries Internet/Online Services Apple ad-blocking could help Facebook and Google despite slowing online ad growth By Jeremy C. Owens Published: June 8, 2017 7:45 a.m. ET Share Morgan Stanley analysts say blocking trackers on web will help large app companies with engaged user bases Getty Images Apple executive Craig Federighi discusses new ad-blocking features in the Safari browser during the WWDC keynote Monday. By JeremyC. Owens Technology Editor Apple Inc.’s plan to block the ability to track users navigating the internet through its Safari browser could slow down the growth of online advertising but still benefit some of the largest web companies that rely on ad revenue, Morgan Stanley analysts said Wednesday. Apple AAPL, -0.32%  announced Monday at its annual World Wide Developers Conference keynote that it would start blocking advertisers’ ability to track users around the web and serve ads based on their previous browsing habits, along with blocks on ad tactics such as videos that automatically play when a page is opened. The announcement followed a Wall Street Journal report that said Alphabet Inc.’s GOOGL, -0.22% GOOG, -0.13%  Google would make a similar effort to regulate the type of ads and approaches in its leading Chrome browser. Don’t miss: Apple bets that you’ll adopt these three tech habits Online advertising continues to grow, with eMarketer and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers partner Mary Meeker reporting that overall spending on digital ads has surpassed spending on television advertising recently. Facebook Inc. and Google are the leading beneficiaries, with eMarketer predicting those two companies will combine to control about half the digital-ad market this year. Morgan Stanley analysts predict that the new approach in web browsers will affect nearly 40% of the market, roughly $28 billion in annual spending in online display ads that appear in Safari and Chrome browsers. Morgan Stanley The potential slowdown would seem to be a negative for large online-ad companies like Facebook and Google, as the analysts note that the ability to track users and serve them ads has been a big driver in the growth of online ad revenue for all online-advertising platforms. That will not be the case though, they predict. “While there could be some near-term disruption, over the long-term these changes only put a higher value on large app platforms with data around their unique, logged-in and engaged user bases,” they wrote in a note Wednesday morning. See also: Apple is making it easier to get your cracked iPhone screen fixed Specifically, the analysts call out Facebook and its Instagram and Messenger apps, as well as Google’s YouTube, as platforms that could benefit as advertisers seek new ways to reach specific users and track the benefits of their ad spending. “In some ways this will lead to a continuation of the winner take most dynamic we see in online advertising, with Facebook and Google driving ~90% of U.S. online ad growth,” the analysts wrote. Other social platforms could also benefit, they wrote, specifically Snap Inc.’s SNAP, -5.65%  Snapchat, Twitter Inc. TWTR, +0.11% and Pinterest. Gaming companies could also draw more interest, a positive for companies like Zynga Inc. ZNGA, -0.28%  and Activision Blizzard Inc. ATVI, -0.83%  Morgan Stanley analysts praised the opportunity in digital gaming in a separate note Wednesday, increasing its price targets on Activision and Electronic Arts Inc. EA, -1.22%   The move could also lead to increased advertiser interest in Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.17% they said, and potentially hurt Amazon’s smaller rivals in e-commerce, like eBay Inc. EBAY, +0.73%  and Etsy Inc. ETSY, +0.52% which use the advertising to draw consumers back to previously viewed products on their sites. Smaller online travel sites could also struggle to compete against larger players without the use of tracking ads, they said. The biggest loser may be Criteo SA CRTO, +1.05% a French online-advertising company that depends on ad retargeting algorithm, the analysts wrote. “We see this as a substantial risk to Criteo’s long-term growth,” they wrote. Criteo fell about 1% in Wednesday trading through midday, while Facebook, Alphabet and Apple all were headed toward daily gains of less than 1%. Criteo shares have gained 14.3% so far this year, topping the 8.5% gain for the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.00%  but trailing gains of more than 25% by Alphabet and Facebook. More from MarketWatch U.S. oil data shocks the market in more ways than one 3 reasons why this couple is ignoring their 401(k) accounts in early retirement Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Quote References AAPL -0.50 -0.32% GOOGL -2.16 -0.22% GOOG -1.24 -0.13% SNAP -1.10 -5.65% TWTR +0.02 +0.11% ZNGA -0.01 -0.28% ATVI -0.50 -0.83% EA -1.41 -1.22% AMZN -1.74 -0.17% EBAY +0.26 +0.73% ETSY +0.07 +0.52% CRTO +0.49 +1.05% SPX -0.10 +0.00% Show all references Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Jeremy C. Owens Jeremy Owens is MarketWatch’s technology editor and San Francisco bureau chief. You can follow him on Twitter @jowens510. Jeremy C. Owens Jeremy Owens is MarketWatch’s technology editor and San Francisco bureau chief. You can follow him on Twitter @jowens510. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $154.87 -0.50 (-0.32%) Volume 4.1M Open $155.25 High $155.54 Low $154.45 P/E Ratio 18.08 Div Yield 1.63 Market Cap 810.1B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $999.43 -2.16 (-0.22%) Volume 310.2K Open $1,004 High $1,006 Low $996.62 P/E Ratio 33.76 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 685.7B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $979.84 -1.24 (-0.13%) Volume 254.8K Open $982.35 High $984.57 Low $977.20 P/E Ratio 33.09 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 685.7B Snap Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SNAP $18.46 -1.10 (-5.65%) Volume 6.9M Open $19.40 High $19.40 Low $18.36 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 23.1B Twitter Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TWTR $17.46 +0.02 (+0.11%) Volume 2.0M Open $17.44 High $17.60 Low $17.27 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.7B Zynga Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: ZNGA $3.58 -0.01 (-0.28%) Volume 688.2K Open $3.59 High $3.61 Low $3.55 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.1B Activision Blizzard Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ATVI $60.03 -0.50 (-0.83%) Volume 779.5K Open $60.65 High $60.69 Low $59.96 P/E Ratio 136.2 Div Yield 0.5 Market Cap 45.6B Electronic Arts Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: EA $113.96 -1.41 (-1.22%) Volume 270.3K Open $116.04 High $116.04 Low $113.86 P/E Ratio 37.18 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 35.8B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,008.33 -1.74 (-0.17%) Volume 622.1K Open $1,012 High $1,014 Low $1,006 P/E Ratio 189.89 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 482.8B eBay Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: EBAY $36.03 +0.26 (+0.73%) Volume 979.2K Open $36.07 High $36.13 Low $35.87 P/E Ratio 5.14 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 38.7B Etsy Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ETSY $13.50 +0.07 (+0.52%) Volume 46634 Open $13.41 High $13.53 Low $13.31 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.6B Criteo S.A. ADR U.S.: Nasdaq: CRTO $47.14 +0.49 (+1.05%) Volume 184.1K Open $47.00 High $47.45 Low $46.30 P/E Ratio 40.49 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.0B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,433.04 -0.10 (+0.00%) Volume 350.5M Open 2,434 High 2,436 Low 2,429 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations SF Bay Area Events Calendar SF Bay Area Events Promotion Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer SF Bay Area Events Online Marketing Promotion, By Zennie62Media #SFEvents YT ComicCon Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rate LOG Live FLS Priv The New Chrome and Safari Will Reshape the Web – WIRED Posted on Jun 7 2017 - 7:11am by Zennie Abraham Categorized as tech 22 Related Report Claims Xbox One Backward Compatibility Feature Is Barely Used: Is It True? – Tech Times WIRED Apple and Google are cracking down on obnoxious online ads. And they just might change the way the web works in the process. Last week Google confirmed that Chrome—the most widely used web browser in the world—will block all ads on sites that … Apple shores up Safari against disruptive contentBusiness Insider Apple recommends but won’t force two-factor authentication on High SierraDigital Trends 32-bit Mac Apps Will Be Phased Out In 2018Ubergizmo AppleInsider (press release) (blog) –ZDNet –Mac Rumors –CNET all 291 news articles …read more Source:: Tech News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . [yourchannel user="Zennie62"] Zennie62 Email List Name Email * Zennie62 on YouTube Las Vegas Pol Blasts NFL Oakland Raiders Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Las Vegas Stadium Authority June 8th - Oakland Raiders & UNLV NFL Sublease On Agenda NBA Finals | Warriors 118 Cavs 113 2017 NBA Finals Game 3 Talk Oakland Raiders NFL News | NBA Finals Warriors Stun Cavs Win 2017 NBA Finals Game 3 118 - 113 After NBA Finals Game 3 Zennie62 Live On YouTube #NBAFinals Steph Curry Steals Ball From LeBron James In NBA Finals Game 3 2017 James Comey | James Comey Statement For Senate Select Committee On Intelligence Pican Oakland Restaurant To Close After 8 Year Run In Uptown | Pican Oakland Marshawn Lynch To Oakland Raiders Because Of Las Vegas NFL Plans Eric Decker | Eric Decker WR NY Jets Released Today | Eric Decker George and Amal Clooney Welcome Twins as George Is Sedated Marshawn Lynch Run, Wonder Woman Is Oakland Raiders Fan - Tell Las Vegas Steve Sisolak http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Technology | Economy | Startups | Personal Finance | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Business Technology Personal Finance Startups Internet Culture Media Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Videos Subscribe to Newsletters The Bright Side of Fake News: Tech Giants Have Unified to Beat It At least, according to Google By Brady Dale • 06/07/17 12:24pm WIRED’s Issie Lapowsky interviews Yasmin Green of Google’s Jigsaw project. Brady Dale for Observer None of the big tech companies are trying to pretend that fake news isn’t a real problem anymore. Mark Zuckerberg has gone from denying its impact to seeking a new product head to take on the problem. At SXSW, Google invited two fake news creators on stage as an exercise in live research. The woman who organized that event, Yasmin Green, runs Google’s Jigsaw product, which seeks ways to make the web safer for all users. “I think that’s a silver lining of everything we’ve seen,” Green said today at the WIRED Business Conference in New York. “They are internet-wide problems.” “We’ve already had very encouraging early conversations with other platforms,” she continued.  Companies like Facebook and Twitter have been willing to collaborate with Google to find ways to stop the propagation of false narratives masquerading as news. Green just got back from Macedonia, which has been a hotbed for these phony stories. WIRED did a cover story where it visited some of the fake news distributors in that country. “The part that we’ve really been trying to understand is, what does the dissemination of this look like,” Green said, explaining that it doesn’t matter if someone writes a garbage post if no one reads it. That’s why it’s important to involve the social media platforms in any discussion about curtailing the spread of fake news. In Macedonia, Green realized that the strength of those creating fake news was not writing bogus stories, but using social media. In fact, many of the people who ran the sites didn’t even speak English. They just cut and pasted other people’s stories, but they knew how to get those stories out. “I think there’s a bigger challenge for us as a sector in trying to organize information that’s helpful,” Green said. The Observer just took a look at that today in an article comparing searches around big news topics on Google, Microsoft’s Bing and Qwant, a privacy-oriented search engine from France. Comparing them side by side, Google really seems to have fallen behind in the way it organizes its search results. When it comes to news search, Google seems protected now largely by a global force of habit. In many ways, information on the internet is self-correcting. When people try to share false information, it’s easy for others to point that out. That only works if people with good intentions are willing to engage in online conversation, though. “I’m not keen to jump into a conversation about politics or religion or really much of any conversation online,” Green admitted, because the dialogue is so uniformly inflammatory. That hostile environment cedes the floor to trolls.  Green’s team also has a product called Perspective that helps platforms (including news organizations’ websites) flag and filter inflammatory content. Google built it not to filter content, but to filter out tone. It focused first on identifying the kind of comments that tend to make people leave conversations. They had thousands of people help by tagging a dataset of over a million comments. They found it was the easiest to find consensus around the tenor of comments that would drive non-trolls away. If regular people feel more comfortable joining in, that means more folks will be on-hand to call bullshit when someone’s clearly peddling fiction. SEE ALSO: The Fake Debate Over Fake News: Why Russia Is Just the Tip of the Iceberg Business & Technology Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Energy   U.S. President Donald Trump pauses as he announces his decision that the United States will withdraw from the landmark Paris Climate Agreement, in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., June 1, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque    Like It Or Not, Donald Trump Put Climate Change On The Map Michael Bastasch 12:13 PM 06/07/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP The world didn’t seem to care much about global warming until President Donald Trump announced that the U.S. would withdraw from the Paris climate accord last week, according to Google search trends. Public interest and media attention for climate change peaked June 2, the day after Trump announced his decision to withdraw from the Paris accord, which the Obama administration joined in 2016. The Rhodium Group’s Trevor Houser noted the spike in Google searches for “climate change” after Trump’s announcement. Google searches for “climate changed” also peaked in the U.S. in the last 30 days, as did searches for “trump” and “trump climate change.” In the US, climate change has never experienced the level of media attention or public interest it received over the past week. pic.twitter.com/NasECeHxFM — Trevor Houser (@TrevorGHouser) June 7, 2017 Trump announced he would make good on his campaign pledge to withdraw from the Paris Agreement June 1, saying that it was poorly negotiated and favored other countries over American workers. Google trends aren’t perfect, but they are a pretty good measure of public and media engagement on an issue. Trump’s decision got vast amounts of people searching for information about global warming and what Trump’s decision could mean for the future. Trump’s decision and the fallout ate up air time and front page space across the media. President Barack Obama himself responded to Trump’s withdrawal from the signature global warming achievement of his administration. Ironically, Trump’s decision channelled more media and public attention to global warming in the last 13 years than environmental campaigners, at least according to Google. The only time climate change generated a large spike in Google searches was in December 2009 after the Copenhagen climate summit. The Obama administration hyped up the summit, but it was largely seen as a failure. However, the Copenhagen summit only generated 42 percent of the searches that Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement drew. Follow Michael on Facebook and Twitter Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Donald Trump, Energy, Google, Paris Climate Agreement Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Trending Popular Emailed James Comey’s Prepared Remarks Ahead Of His Testimony Thursday NSA Leaker’s Parents Claim ‘She’s A Patriot’ EXCLUSIVE: Obama Never Warned State Election Officials Of Russian Election ‘Hacking’ WATCH LIVE: The Questions Senators Will Likely Ask The Former FBI Chief WaPo Takes Anonymous Sourcing To A Whole New Level In Latest Obstruction Story Top Intel Community Officials Deny That Trump Pressured Them On Russia Probe Watch Jon Ossoff Lose The Entire Special Election Debate In Less Than Four Minutes [VIDEO] Comey Never Kept Detailed Memos On Conversations He Had With Barack Obama Obama, The President Who Said He Had A ‘Pen And Phone,’ Warns Of Appeal Of Authoritarianism Comey Told Trump He Was Not Under Investigation MEDIA CRITICISM: Big Three Networks’ Bias Conceals Facts About NSA Leaker Reality Winner Dershowitz: Trump Could Have Just Pardoned Flynn [VIDEO] SMACKDOWN: FNC’s Sean Hannity Cracks On MSNBC’s Joe And Mika Piers Morgan Slams London Mayor On Terrorism, ‘Where Are They?’ [VIDEO] The Internet Is Losing It Over a Passage From Hillary Clinton’s Book Evoking Slavery Imagery Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio Auto focus Clean Tech Emerging Entrepreneurs Flight Plan India File India Interior Pulse Technophile Luxe New Manager Essential: Back to pure and simple Android Dinakaran R comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Andy Rubin, the father of Android, takes it back to the start We all know Andy Rubin is the father of Android. After exiting Google, he has now gone back – not to Google – but to Android. His company, Essential Products, recently announced a phone. Just called Phone, or Essential Phone. But how different is Essential? Rubin, in an interview to Wired Magazine, has said he tried almost all phones. And is happy with none. Every phone lacks something — size, battery, processing power... So he decided to make the Phone. It’s built with titanium using a unique type of moulding technology from a small secret company. And it runs Android in its purest form. The 5.7-inch front screen has absolutely nil bezel, except for the 8MP camera. It has the latest Snapdragon 835 processor, 4GB RAM and 128GB storage. “For all the good Android has done to help bring technology to nearly everyone it has also helped create this weird new world where people are forced to fight with the very technology that was supposed to simplify their lives,” says Rubin on the Essential website. He added that he was frustated with the current state of technology today. “After another long talk with my friend we decided that I needed to start a new kind of company using 21st century methods to build products for the way people want to live in the 21st century,” he said. “The result is Essential, and this is what we believe.” “Devices are your personal property. We won’t force you to have anything on them you don’t want to have,” added Rubin. “We will always play well with others. Closed ecosystems are divisive and outdated.” “Devices shouldn’t become outdated every year,” said Rubin. “They should evolve with you. Technology should assist you so that you can get on with enjoying your life.” Yes, when Rubin says the phone evolves with time, he means it. It has a magnetic dock for attaching accessories at the back. He wants to ensure Essential’s accessories never go out of style. He doesn’t want the person who buys the phone to throw out the accessories he had bought after a while just because it doesn’t go with his new device. All the accessories will work with whatever device Essential brings next. In short, the phone and its accessories are future proof. The phone comes with the “world’s smallest 360” degree camera. There is no separate app for the camera. And there is no need to connect through Bluetooth. Just the phone’s camera app is enough. It also supports wireless charging. He wants Essential to be the new powerhouse on an open platform that will power future devices. And the Phone is just the beginning for Rubin. (This article was published on June 7, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS lifestyle and leisure | mobile phones | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. BusinessLine Infographics Infographic Series: Explore the Indian economy in graphic detail Infographic: India Inc's small companies to get the benefit of lower tax Infographic: Progress card on Modi's pet projects Read More » MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED A green makeover for AIIMS Work is a key pillar of life Moto G5: Good performance and camera Hey, your bias is showing! Let’s stop over-romancing IT Siri in a speaker, and more from Apple Essential: Back to pure and simple Android For those who want to keep it simple on a smartwatch Mi Router: Affordable and easy to use Will the techies raise the red flag? Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS NTPC installs 110 KWp microgrid at NETRA 35 min. ago RoC issues notices to 4,266 defaulting companies 36 min. ago GJM strike: Mamata, ministers, tourists stranded in Darjeeling 39 min. ago Guiddoo raises $300,000 in Pre-Series A funding 40 min. ago Bopanna wins maiden Grand Slam title at French Open 44 min. ago More » Union Budget 2016 in Interactive graphics Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India The Budget heavily focused on rural India and the farm economy, BusinessLine breaks down the key announcements and why it is necessary to focus on India's hinterland » Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Use this graphic to understand how the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna, JAM trinity and Bima yojna performed » Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Did you know Indian corporates pay more tax than their BRIC peers, and also other economies the world over? BusinessLine breaks it down for you » Read More » O P E N close Recent Article in Technophile Siri in a speaker, and more from Apple As ever, this year’s WWDC was all about software, with a layer of hardware as the icing on the cake » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Young World Club | Publications | eBooks | Images | Classifieds | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits GeekWire Startup Resources GeekWire Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers GeekWire Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Tech Moves: Smartsheet scoops up AWS VP; theMaven adds new co-chairman; and more How Boeing plans to test the technologies for future self-flying passenger airplanes Shippable releases a server version of its devops tool, giving on-premise teams new tricks Find out what happens when robots team up with humans for Boeing’s 777X Boeing Commercial Airplanes CEO Kevin McAllister pays heed to lessons from steel-town upbringing Docker set to open Seattle-area engineering center, latest Bay Area tech company to land in Northwest Here’s how venture capitalists are thinking about cloud computing companies and technologies Cloudy with a chance of profit: Cloud drives value for tech giants like Amazon and Microsoft Startup Spotlight: Vault launches app that helps people save for retirement with their paychecks For first time, Apple will share super-secret machine used to repair cracked iPhone screens Google continues to emphasize its cloud tech chops as it scrambles to catch AWS and Azure Washington governor signs executive order to support autonomous vehicle development Google exec: New Seattle building ‘is going to be basically Google Cloud’ NASA introduces a dozen new astronauts with Vice President Mike Pence’s blessing Apptio, which helps CIOs monitor IT spend, reveals which cloud platforms customers are adopting Seattle mayor joins Oak View Group in promising to turn KeyArena into world-class sports, music venue Microsoft Azure chief Scott Guthrie on competing with Amazon, and standing out in the cloud Mighty AI opening location in Detroit as it focuses its training data service on autonomous vehicles How a huge fire and a competitor nearly took down Modumetal — and why the company’s still standing GeekWire Deals: The smart WiFi camera to boost your home security (57% off) LinkedIn maps out where new Seattleites are coming from, and it’s exactly what you’d expect Snapchat parent Snap acquires location analytics startup Placed for more than $200M I tested McDonald’s new UberEats delivery service at midnight — here’s how it works Google exec: New Seattle building ‘is going to be basically Google Cloud’ ‘Long Strange Trip’ indeed — Amazon’s 4-hour Grateful Dead film hits Prime Video on Friday Amazon Web Services’ Swami Sivasubramanian on the future of AI in the cloud Amazon shares close above $1K, market cap nears $500B; Bezos may pass Gates as world’s richest Microsoft Azure chief Scott Guthrie on competing with Amazon, and standing out in the cloud Apple WWDC: Siri Speaker, iPad Pro, artificial intelligence and more rumors on our radar Google reveals top misspelled words in America — some states should be e-m-b-a-r-r-a-s-s-e-d When Facebook is a total blast: Rare Mount St. Helens eruption photo gets new life on social media Here’s why Snap just paid more than $200M to acquire Seattle startup Placed We tried the new AmazonFresh Pickup service in Seattle, and this is what happened Sphere of influence: 46-story tower near Amazon campus will have domed top reminiscent of tech giant’s new landmark Paul Allen’s Stratolaunch Systems brings monster plane out of hangar for first time Starbucks rolls its own coffee truck in front of Seattle HQ to replace store being remodeled Amazon patents shipping label with built-in parachute for dropping packages from drones Spinnaker, an open-source project for continuous delivery, hits the 1.0 milestone Apple TV finally adds Amazon Video app as Tim Cook touts Prime service on stage at WWDC Google Fiber-owned high-speed internet provider Webpass comes to Seattle Trending: Google exec: New Seattle building ‘is going to be basically Google Cloud’ Cloud Tech Presented by Spinnaker, an open-source project for continuous delivery, hits the 1.0 milestone by Tom Krazit on June 6, 2017 at 9:42 amJune 6, 2017 at 9:42 am Comments   Share  16 Tweet Share  19 Reddit Email GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit Attendee FAQ (Courtesy Wikimedia) Spinnaker, an open-source project that lets companies improve the speed and stability of their application deployment processes, reached the 1.0 release milestone Tuesday. Google announced the 1.0 release of Spinnaker, which was originally developed inside Netflix and enhanced by Google and a few other companies. The software is used by companies like Target and Cloudera to enable continuous delivery, a modern software development concept that holds application updates should be delivered when they are ready, instead of on a fixed schedule. Spinnaker is just another one of the open-source projects that are at the heart of modern cloud computing, and the release of a 1.0 version helps nudge companies who are a little less daring with their production environments to take another look. There doesn’t appear to be a commercially supported version of Spinnaker at the moment, although Red Hat offers something similar with its Ansible project. Spinnaker is probably still best for early adopters, but continuous delivery in general is one of the many advances in software development enabled by cloud computing that will likely be an industry best practice in a few years. In an interesting move, Google took pains to highlight the cross-platform nature of Spinnaker, noting that will run across several different cloud providers and application development environments. Google is chasing cloud workloads that tend to go to Amazon Web Services or Microsoft Azure, and noted “whether you’re releasing to multiple clouds or preventing vendor lock-in, Spinnaker helps you deploy your application based on what’s best for your business.” AWS lets users take advantage of continuous delivery principles through its AWS CodeDeploy feature, another one of those AWS features that give its customers additional functionality while encouraging them to modify their code inside AWS. Sponsor Post Salesforce is ready for you. We pioneered the global shift to cloud, social, mobile, and data science technologies, and we’ve been disrupting enterprise software ever since. Are you ready to push your limits at the world’s fastest-growing enterprise software company? We’re looking for the industry’s best technical talent—we’re looking for you! Join us in our Bellevue office. More Cloud Tech Shippable releases a server version of its devops tool, giving on-premise teams new tricks Here’s how venture capitalists are thinking about cloud computing companies and technologies Cloudy with a chance of profit: Cloud drives value for tech giants like Amazon and Microsoft Tom Krazit, GeekWire's Cloud & Enterprise Editor, covered technology for news organizations including IDG, CNET, and paidContent before serving as executive editor of Gigaom and the Structure conference series. Reach him at tom@geekwire.com and follow him @tomkrazit. Comments Share  16 Tweet Share  19 Reddit Email Previous StoryGeekWire Cloud Tech Summit: What to know if you’re attending Wednesday’s big tech conference Next StoryAmazon makes huge jump in value as annual report on brands is dominated by tech companies Filed Under: Cloud Tech • Google  Tagged With: continuous delivery • Netflix • Open Source • Spinnaker GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Samsung’s cloud consultancy is growing in Seattle, reinforcing region’s infrastructure cred Are you ‘cloud native’? Sold-out Seattle conference offers a peek at the future of apps New release of Shippable’s application-deployment service includes multi-versioning Chef tightens the links between Chef Automate and its open-source DevOps products Previous StoryGeekWire Cloud Tech Summit: What to know if you’re attending Wednesday’s big tech conference Next StoryAmazon makes huge jump in value as annual report on brands is dominated by tech companies Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: The smart WiFi camera to boost your home security (57% off) GeekWire Deals: Even beginners can learn Python in this sub-$100 programming bundle Most Popular on GeekWire LinkedIn maps out where new Seattleites are coming from, and it’s exactly what you’d expect Snapchat parent Snap acquires location analytics startup Placed for more than $200M I tested McDonald’s new UberEats delivery service at midnight — here’s how it works Google exec: New Seattle building ‘is going to be basically Google Cloud’ Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Tier 2 Software SupportLimeade Operations EngineerZipwhip, Inc. Sr. Software Development Engineer – BackendOfferUp × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors Are you ready for the cloud revolution? Cutting-edge cloud trends are transforming business. What does this mean for you? Your Adventure Awaits at Suncadia Your adventure awaits at picksuncadia.com. Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session June 5th Embrace Spring Savings at Semiahmoo! Celebrate Spring by the Sea! Luxury lives here. Learn more. Are you ready for the cloud revolution? Cutting-edge cloud trends are transforming business. What does this mean for you? Your Adventure Awaits at Suncadia Your adventure awaits at picksuncadia.com. Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session June 5th Embrace Spring Savings at Semiahmoo! Celebrate Spring by the Sea! Luxury lives here. Learn more. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Ouch... WSJ's Google traffic down 44% after dropping First Click Free Featured Snippets SEO primer: How to rank for 'position 0' in 3 simple steps Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. The AdWords 2017 roadmap is loaded with artificial intelligence What's on the horizon for Google AdWords? Columnist Frederick Vallaeys provides a behind-the-scenes look at some new AdWords features from a presentation at Google Marketing Next. Frederick Vallaeys on June 7, 2017 at 10:03 am More Google recently shared their 2017 AdWords product roadmap at Google Marketing Next. Because the audience is primarily comprised of executives at big agencies and big brands, and Google is doing its best to get them excited about all their capabilities, the event sometimes skims over some of the details that matter to those of us managing accounts day-to-day. I’ll share my take on the announcements and what excited or frustrated me the most. Even though it’s now been five years since I left Google, all but one of the presenters are people I used to work with, and they were kind enough to invite me backstage to get a bit more detail than what was covered in the keynote. Custom in-market audiences for search I’m a PPC geek, so I obviously love better targeting. That’s why the announcement of in-market audiences for search got me so excited. How often have we all wished for a way to look beyond the query and distinguish between a prospective buyer and a kid doing research for a school project? Access to in-market audiences lets us make that distinction so that we can bid more aggressively for better-qualified leads. But guess what? Everyone will now bid more for better-qualified traffic because it should convert better. According to Bhanu Narasimhan, Google’s director of audience products, conversion rates for in-market audiences are on average 10 percent better. So get your boss ready for the inevitable run-up in maximum bids you’ll need to set to remain competitive. Unfortunately, this feature’s exact launch date was not announced; Google only said it’d be available by the end of 2017. Did you say ‘custom?’ Currently in the US, there are 493 in-market audiences for the Display Network across a number of verticals. That’s a lot of options, but just as we had affinity audiences before custom affinity audiences, now we’re about to get custom in-market audiences. Karen Yao, Google’s group product manager for ad platforms, revealed this very cool update: we will be able to create custom in-market audiences by adding keywords we believe someone would have used if they were in the market for our product or service. Combined with Google’s vast amounts of data, this can then help us find an audience of people in the market for what we sell. New: Life event targeting The way Google can give us custom in-market audiences and targeting based on life events is by having really good machine learning. Knowing who is going through a targetable life event like graduating from college, buying a home, getting married or having a baby is done by understanding the online behavior that corresponds to these events. In simple artificial intelligence (AI), engineers could write some simple “if-then” statements to place people into these targeting groups based on a handful of searches they did. But with Google now having built a much faster Tensorflow processor that underpins their AI efforts, you can bet their systems for finding which users are going through a particular life event will be really good and useful for advertisers. In the example they gave, they showed how people in different cultures might search for different things related to a wedding. Google’s machine learning can pick up on these differences and know that it corresponds with the marriage life stage. The best ad automatically We’ve all been doing A/B ad testing for years. But that’s becoming much less relevant if you look at what Google is now able to do with AI. Sridhar Ramaswamy, senior vice president of ads and commerce, showed an example of three users all searching for something pretty generic (like “cheapest hotel”) but each one being served a different ad from the same advertiser. The different ads weren’t driven by audience bid adjustments or some other thing we control — rather, it was AdWords predicting each user’s preference in order to show subtle ad text variations, focusing either on price, value or selection. As someone who’s created tools for ad optimization in our software suite at Optmyzr, what I heard was that we should focus primarily on creating a ton of ad variations and then let the machines decide which one to serve. What that means for advertisers is that the creation of many ad variations is likely to become a bigger task than before, so that we can feed the machine all the possible variations it requires to do an amazing optimization. Data-driven attribution becomes easy Search Engine Land paid media reporter Ginny Marvin wrote a great recap of what Google Attribution is, an important piece to read if you’ve been wondering why Google decided there was need for yet one more tool to do attribution modeling (we already get it in AdWords, Analytics and DoubleClick). I am excited about this new offering because when I got to play with it, I saw just how quick and easy it was to get up and running. But easy setup is meaningless unless the tool is also really good, so the real reason for my excitement is that data-driven attribution modeling is now becoming much more accessible. The problem with attribution models is that they are our best-effort attempt at modeling real-world behavior with a somewhat limited set of tools. Thanks to improved store visit data, store sales data, easier consolidation of data and Google’s AI — four themes of the event — we no longer have to flail around trying to do something really complicated by hand. Data-driven models evaluate how each touch point contributes to the eventual outcome. In AdWords, that means knowing how a click on one more keyword will change conversion rates. By looking beyond AdWords, it means knowing how the interplay of channels, impressions, clicks and more contribute to a conversion. With Google Attribution, Google runs the models and feeds the data back into AdWords, where we can use a flexible bid strategy, or use the enhanced data to achieve better results using the bid management tool of our choice. In Optmyzr, that means you’ll get better insights to help set bids and do optimizations with the same tools you’re already used to. The thing I wish Google would work on next is to make it easier to import data from competing channels into Analytics. Right now, to get the full picture, we still need to tag campaigns and import cost data. I also hope that somehow they can use data across accounts to reduce the currently very high requirement that a conversion has 600 conversions over a 30-day period before data driven models start to work. Hey Google, are keywords dead? At I/O, Google announced that 20 percent of searches in the Google mobile app in the US are done by voice. Sridhar Ramaswamy repeated that amazing stat at Google Marketing Next. Does that mean that we’re on the verge of not needing keywords anymore? Luckily not — it turns out that the majority of voice searches still lead to a traditional search results page. The difference is merely in how users enter the query into the search box: users are substituting typing with speaking. Only a small portion of the voice interactions are with the Google Assistant. The key difference is that in a substitute for typing, the results are still returned on-screen, whereas with the Assistant, the entire interaction is by voice. Regardless, I hear a lot of advertisers who want to have a better presence on the Assistant-type interactions. Most of the Assistant’s data comes from data we already provide Google, so be sure to have a Google My Business account to manage your location info and to use local inventory feeds to give Google data about prices and inventory at your locations. Google has now also opened up the ability for developers to build actions so that in response to a conversation, the Assistant could do a transaction with the user. The example given by Google is a frequent business traveler who asks her Assistant for the next flight. Knowing that she flies from SFO to LAX every week on United, it could give info on the price of the next flight and even book the ticket, all by voice. I suspect supporting Google’s buy buttons, which they call Purchases on Google (managed in the Merchant Center), will also become a way to get your online store ready for voice-driven transactions. Is this the year AI replaces account managers? Every single announcement I’ve covered here has some connection to machine learning and artificial intelligence. So where do we all fit into this evolution toward ever more complexity, where humans can no longer hope to achieve great results without the help of tremendous computing power? This question got me thinking about Lee Sedong, the Go champion who lost to Google’s DeepMind in 2016. The part of the story that didn’t receive as much coverage is about how Lee Sedong said that being schooled by the machine taught him to become a better player. Wired Magazine said that the pivotal play in the game was also the moment that “machines and humanity finally began to evolve together.” While the move that set up the machine to win was puzzling to humans, it opened Lee Sedong’s eyes to strategies he hadn’t considered before. So how can we as marketers learn from what the AdWords machine does? Google’s Paul Muret, one of the founders of Urchin (now Google Analytics), explained to me that Surveys 360 can help us gain insights. The idea is that through the new integration between Surveys 360 and remarketing lists, we can poll users who’ve interacted with our site and ads so we can ask them what features they wanted or what compelled them to buy or not. On last week’s #ppcchat on Twitter, a lot of people agreed that Surveys 360 can only be as effective as the questions being asked. I gave this example: If airlines asked consumers a question about what they wanted most and didn’t qualify this with price, they’d be putting in more seats that nobody would want to buy. Conclusion It’s clear that AdWords will continue to be a major force in online marketing in 2017 and beyond, and I am excited to try out many of the announced capabilities as soon as they are available. While I am a fan of automation, I truly hope that AdWords finds a way to add some transparency to what its artificial intelligence does so that we can learn from it and evolve together. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Frederick Vallaeys Frederick (“Fred”) Vallaeys was one of the first 500 employees at Google where he spent 10 years building AdWords and teaching advertisers how to get the most out of it as the Google AdWords Evangelist. Today he is the Cofounder of Optmyzr, an AdWords tool company focused on unique data insights, One-Click Optimizations™, advanced reporting to make account management more efficient, and Enhanced Scripts™ for AdWords. He stays up-to-speed with best practices through his work with SalesX, a search marketing agency focused on turning clicks into revenue. He is a frequent guest speaker at events where he inspires organizations to be more innovative and become better online marketers. Popular Stories The AdWords 2017 roadmap is loaded with artificial intelligence Focus on these 5 areas to deliver big results in e-commerce SEO Wall Street Journal’s Google traffic drops 44% after pulling out of First Click Free Related Topics Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWordsPaid Search ColumnSearch AdsSearch Ads: Behavioral TargetingSearch Ads: ContextualSearch FeaturesSearch Features: Search By VoiceSearch MarketingSearch Marketing: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers How to Create Agile Content for Your Brand How to Create Content at Scale with Limited Budgets 9 Pitfalls to Scaling Enterprise Content and How to Avoid Them 5 Ways to Fail at Marketing to Tech Users The Content Marketing Maturity Map See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Ouch... WSJ's Google traffic down 44% after dropping First Click Free Featured Snippets SEO primer: How to rank for 'position 0' in 3 simple steps Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Local Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google has officially rolled out a new tab-based local panel with quick access to reviews Users can toggle between a local listing's overview details and their reviews in the Google search results. Barry Schwartz on June 7, 2017 at 10:16 am More After a month of testing, Google has confirmed with Search Engine Land that they have fully rolled out a new user experience for the local panel in the mobile search results. You can now quickly toggle between the local business’s overview details and the reviews for that business. There should be two buttons, one for “overview” and one for “reviews.” Here is an animated GIF in action showing how it works: About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Popular Stories Focus on these 5 areas to deliver big results in e-commerce SEO How to rank for ‘position 0’ in 3 simple steps: A featured snippets primer Beyond SEO: Managing the management Google Attribution: What search marketers need to know Related Topics Channel: LocalGoogle: Maps & LocalGoogle: User Interface Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers How to Create Agile Content for Your Brand How to Create Content at Scale with Limited Budgets 9 Pitfalls to Scaling Enterprise Content and How to Avoid Them 5 Ways to Fail at Marketing to Tech Users The Content Marketing Maturity Map See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Home FEATURED Cellphones Notebooks Gaming Tablets Software Apple Downplays Echo Rivalry with its Audio-Focused HomePod Speakers June 7, 2017, By Sanjeev Ramachandran Share This Related Posts One Plus Poised to Raise the Bar with Flagship Model Yet Again iOS 11: Top Features that Would Excite You Apple has been reported to be working on its own AI-powered digital speakers for a long time. It’s now finally come to the forefront. The HomePod is the new digital speaker that will come loaded with Siri, similar to Amazon’s Echo and Google Home which packs Alexa and Google Assistant respectively. However, Apple insists that its HomePod speakers won’t be competing directly against the likes of the aforesaid. That’s because Apple doesn’t wants to boast about its AI prowess, but instead wants to get the consumers excited with its audio. Apple’s HomePod comes with seven tweeters arrayed inside the cylindrical handy speakers. In addition, there is also an in-built subwoofer to level the audio frequencies. It’s not revealed yet as of what technology has been used for its speakers, but Apple says it will be a breakthrough home speaker. Apple has given priority to audio quality ahead of AI integration. And the result is quite evident; a comparison of the audio qualities of HomePod and Amazon Echo will definitely bring out some clear differences, with the former topping the chart in most of the charts. Despite given lesser attention for AI, HomePod will still have the backing of Siri, which means that you can do all the basic tasks except for the additional skills in Echo speakers using HomePod. Apple’s strategy to downplay AI could very well do the task for them. Indeed, speakers should have at least a little emphasis on audio quality. But smart speakers of the modern days have dumped that priority and instead have been toiling to improve its AI prowess. It’s always good to see the market behemoth taking up the bold and right move to shake up the digital speaker segment at the right time. Apple’s HomePod speakers won’t be arriving before fall. Pricing of the device is also yet to be revealed. We can expect that to be higher than Echo, but it sure has got its own perks for that additional payment made. Posted in: Featured, Gadgets Related Articles One Plus Poised to Raise the Bar with Flagship Model Yet Again iOS 11: Top Features that Would Excite You Microsoft to Resurrect Workstation Mode with Upcoming Windows 10 Update Microsoft Extends Task-Management App Planner to Smartphone Platforms Nest’s Latest Security Camera Claims to be Smarter than an Average Camera « Previous Post « iOS 11: Top Features that Would Excite You Next Post » Microsoft’s CShell is Its Best Effort till Date for Unifying Windows » Follow this blog Twitter Facebook RSS Tech Gaming Software Chrome Makes Surfing Faster with JavaScript upgrades in Latest Version Microsoft’s CShell is Its Best Effort till Date for Unifying Windows iOS 11 would Redesign File Management, Suggests New Placeholder Listing Adobe Scan Lets You Experience Editable PDFs Google Innovates Gboard Yet Again with More Card Carousels, Instant Share Features Nintendo Wii U Wound Up, Switch is Here PlayStation VR Arrives this October as the Cheapest Console VR Sony’s PlayStation Now Services to Hop on to PS3 Consoles Next Week Xbox One April Update to Usher in Voice Message Feature Sony Rolls Out Web-based PlayStation Vue TV Services for PS Devices Chrome Makes Surfing Faster with JavaScript upgrades in Latest Version Microsoft’s CShell is Its Best Effort till Date for Unifying Windows iOS 11: Top Features that Would Excite You Microsoft to Resurrect Workstation Mode with Upcoming Windows 10 Update iOS 11 would Redesign File Management, Suggests New Placeholder Listing DM on Facebook DM on Twitter Latest Tutorials Here’s How to Track Your Misplaced Smartphone with Alexa Here’s How to Add Self-Made Stickers in iMessage How to Enable Night Mode and Freeform Apps in Android N Create Personalized Emojis in Snapchat; Here’s How News Tips // Getting in Touch Have anything worth reading and writing about it, then why not send us an email to give us more details. We can't promise that everything we get will be on the top page of DeviceMAG, but we can assure you that we'll read all emails. If you want to get in touch here's where to do it: Contact us. The Team What drives us into doing what we do? It’s either passion or need. Here at DeviceMAG we take technology very serious, no matter if it’s a small gadget or a new device on the market. With a passion for everything that gets geeks high we’re here to feed you with the latest news. Read more about us. © 2008-2012 DeviceMag.com - All rights reserved | Privacy Policy
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Does Google need to launch its own version of the iPad Pro? Features Newsby John Callaham22 hours ago 49 345 48 Earlier this week, Apple officially refreshed its iPad Pro lineup with a new 10.5-inch model along with revamped 12.9-inch version. However, these new large tablets could become even more useful in a few months with the release of iOS 11. Apple will be adding a bunch of productivity-focused features in the next version of its mobile OS, which should make using the iPad Pro models much more attractive for business and enterprise customers. Having a productivity-oriented tablet is nothing new. Microsoft’s Surface Pro family is definitely a favorite for people who want to get some work done in addition to consuming content. With Apple now throwing its hat into the professional tablet ring, we have to wonder if Google should also jump in with its own pro-centric Android tablet. In this article we will take a look at the pros and cons of Google launching a work-focused Android tablet form factor. The new iPad Pro tablets and iOS 11 Before we get into this debate, let’s take a quick look at the new iPad Pros and the features they will get with the launch of iOS 11. It’s scheduled to officially roll out sometime this fall after a number of public and private beta releases. Both the new 10.5-inch and the refreshed 12.9-inch models have the 64-bit A10X Fusion chipset inside, with a six-core CPU and a 12-core GPU. The faster chip should be able to handle higher end productivity apps with better performance. iOS 11 will add iPad-specific features that have normally been available on Apple’s macOS. The biggest addition is a Dock on the bottom of the screen that will allow iPad Pro owners to quickly access highly-used apps on any screen. There will also be new multitasking features that will let users to drag and drop files between apps. Speaking of files, there will be a new app in iOS 11 that will show you all of your files that are either stored locally on your device, or on cloud-based services like iCloud, Box, Dropbox, and others. iOS 11 will also include a redesigned app switcher that will let users quickly bring up two apps on the screen at once, rather than having to launch each one separately. See also: What would it take for you to buy a new tablet? 4 weeks ago Of course, since these are iPad Pros, they’ll also be compatible with the Apple Pencil – the company’s $99 stylus that lets you not only take handwritten notes much easier, but also draw with better precision in art applications, sign online documents, and more. All of these new additions in iOS 11, combined with the new hardware in the iPad Pro models themselves, could open up the tablets to new markets. We could see an increase in its sales once again, after several quarters of sales drops for the iPad. So, should Google launch a tablet that directly competes with the iPad Pro? Let’s talk about that. Why Google should launch an iPad Pro competitor Before we get too far in this discussion, we want to address the fact that Google’s last first-party tablet was the Pixel C, which launched in late 2015. While the tablet did have a large screen and an optional hardware keyboard, it launched with Android 6.0 Marshmallow, which didn’t allow for split-screen multitasking features. On top of that, most Android apps were developed for a smaller phone display, and very few have been optimized to work on a larger tablet screen. As a result, the Pixel C, despite having powerful hardware, was crippled as a productivity tablet by its software. The Pixel C, despite having powerful hardware, was crippled as a productivity tablet by its software However, we know that Google has made improvements in Android 7.0 Nougat when it comes to multitasking, and if it were to develop a new high-end tablet with a large screen, it could also get many developers to optimize their Android apps to work on a larger display. Perhaps the biggest reason for Google to launch a productivity tablet is because of Android’s massive reach in smartphones. Business and enterprise workers who already use Android phones would be an easy market to tap, for instance. It will also likely be easy for those same people to share files between their Android smartphones and tablets. Why Google shouldn’t launch an iPad Pro competitor On the other hand, there’s the argument that Google already has a productivity-themed platform in place: Chrome OS. Yes, the good old-fashioned laptop form factor is still a preferred one for many business and enterprise workers. Chrome OS, combined with the many third-party Chromebooks that are now out in the marketplace, may be a better way for Google to enter the work market rather than a tablet device. There’s also the fact that Google and its third-party partners continue to add Android app support for Chromebooks. While that progress has taken longer than expected, it’s only a matter of time before all new Chromebooks start supporting Android apps. This could lead to more acceptance of Chromebooks in the workplace (they are already taking a huge market share away from Windows notebooks in the US education market). There's the very real question if productivity tablets will be successful in the first place Finally, there’s the very real question if productivity tablets will be successful in the first place. Yes, Microsoft’s Surface Pro lineup have seen solid sales, but many owners choose to purchase the tablet with its optional Type Cover, which means it’s more of a laptop than a tablet. Windows itself is centered on laptop and desktop-based user interfaces. It remains to be seen if Apple’s iOS 11 refinements for the new iPad Pro models will be used or ignored. Conclusion: let’s wait and see The truth is there’s no reason why Google should jump in and release a new Android productivity tablet just because Apple is coming out with one. The jury is still in session on how successful these new iPad Pro tablets will be, combined with iOS 11. Google would be wise to just sit tight and see what happens with Apple’s relaunch of the iPad Pro. Google would be wise to just sit tight and see what happens with Apple's relaunch of the iPad Pro If these new productivity features in iOS 11 turn out to be a bust, Google could learn from Apple’s mistakes and perhaps jump in and create a tablet that will really be of use to business customers. Even if the iPad Pro is indeed successful in carving a niche in that market, Google could also move pretty quickly and answer Apple’s product with one of its own. Meanwhile we want to hear from you on this debate. Should Google launch an Android productivity tablet? If so, why? Or should Google stay out of this market and concentrate on other Android and Chrome OS devices? Let us know what you think in the comments! Features News Google, Apple, Chromebooks, Google Pixel C, Apple iPad Pro Apple, Apple iPad Pro, Chromebooks, Google, Google Pixel C John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Show 49 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago39 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Smart Home 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Joel Lee 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Productivity 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Rob Nightingale Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: This Chrome Extension Makes Gmail Insanely Productive Productivity This Chrome Extension Makes Gmail Insanely Productive Sandy Stachowiak June 7, 2017 07-06-2017 5 minutes This Chrome Extension Makes Gmail Insanely Productive Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Advertisement If you are looking for an easier way to connect your emails or your to-dos to your calendar, then look no further than Handle for Gmail. This extension for Google Chrome will boost your productivity with tools that are completely linked. You can save time How to Use Google's Productivity Tools to Maximize Your Time How to Use Google's Productivity Tools to Maximize Your Time Google Keep, Google Calendar, and Gmail are productivity tools that can help you manage your time. We demonstrate how you can use Google's free tools to optimize your workday. Read More , get things done, and never forget an important event with one handy add-on. Handle To-Dos Turn Emails Into Tasks One of the best features of Handle is the ability to turn your emails into to-dos. When using Gmail in Chrome, select the email and either hit the T key or click the Handle button and then the large plus sign. First, Handle will pop open in the sidebar view. Second, the email subject line will display as a new to-do title. And third, the email will be automatically attached to your task. If you have Handle in full-screen view, just click the large plus sign to transform the email into a to-do. You can then make changes to the name, add a reminder, set a due date, include a note, and move the task to an existing or new project. When you finish your edits, just click Save. Advertisement Add New Tasks From the main menu on the sidebar or full-screen view of Handle, you can create a brand new task quickly. Either select New To-Do under the To-Dos list or click the small plus icon from the top. You can then add the task name along with the same items as above for dates and notes. To create a smart to-do, you can include words such as today, tomorrow or next Monday in the task name. This will set a reminder automatically. If you do choose to set up a reminder, an option to make the to-do repeat will appear. Then pick your preference from every day, week day, week, month, or year. Note that if your task has a due date, it cannot repeat. The repeat feature works only with the reminder feature. Set Up Projects Another terrific highlight of Handle is its project feature. To get started, select New Project from the Projects list from the main menu on the sidebar or full-screen view. You can create multiple projects that include tasks within each. With simple settings, you can name your project, assign it a color, give it a due date, and create a reminder. If you need to edit an existing project, select the name of the project in either view and click Settings. Use Location-Based Reminders If you are toting around your Chromebook Get Creative While Offline With These 8 Amazing Chrome Apps Get Creative While Offline With These 8 Amazing Chrome Apps Keep your creativity flowing where you're on-the-go with these incredible offline apps for Google Chrome. Read More or use Handle on a mobile device, then you can take advantage of location-based reminders. To set up places like home, work, or school, select New Location from the Locations list. You also have this option when you create a task reminder. Click Where at the top and then New Location. You can then either enable your location for it to automatically display or enter an address into the search box. Give it a name and click Save. Then, when you want to use a location-based reminder, this new place will show up in your list of options. To edit or delete an existing location, select its name and then click Settings for your options. Work With the Calendar Connect Calendars Handle connects to your current calendars easily. When you create an account, you will be prompted to select the calendars that you want to see. If you need to edit this, you can do so from your Settings at any time. In Chrome, click the Handle button and then enter full-screen view. On the menu on the left, click your name and under Calendar Options, select Calendars to make your adjustments. On your mobile device, select Settings from your left-hand menu to access the options. Create Events While the mobile app has a convenient tab for the calendar, when you are using Gmail in Chrome, your Handle calendar will display any time you are in full-screen mode. From there, you can view your events by day, week, or month. To add an event, click the correct date and start time within any calendar view and a pop-up box will display. Then, just enter the event name, select the related calendar if you have connected more than one, and optionally enter a location or note. When you finish, click Save. To adjust the time of an event on your calendar, simply drag the end time to make it longer or shorter. Or if the time has completely changed, you can move the entire event by dragging it. Connect To-Dos With the Calendar You can also turn tasks into calendar events or add the due date and time to a task by using the calendar. In full-screen view, just drag the to-do from the left to where you want it on the calendar and that’s it. The task will then show up on your calendar, contain the date and time, and still display in your list of to-dos. Mobile Sync You can currently use Handle on your iOS mobile device for free or jump onto the waiting list for Android by visiting the Handle website. If you enjoy Handle for Gmail on Chrome, then syncing with your mobile device is a great way to stay updated no matter where you go. The iOS app offers a few additional features that you will find useful: Manage your mail How to Master Gmail Inbox Anxiety How to Master Gmail Inbox Anxiety So many emails, so little time. Do you feel this way when it comes to managing your Gmail inbox? We show you simple settings and helpful tools to organize and stress-proof your Gmail inbox. Read More right from the app. Compose, reply, forward, and access your Gmail labels. Slide emails from your inbox left or right to perform actions like creating a to-do or deleting the message. Create lists that you can share with others Turn Gmail Into a Powerful Collaboration Tool with These Apps Turn Gmail Into a Powerful Collaboration Tool with These Apps Are you using using Gmail for collaboration? The world's universal inbox has powerful features baked in, and then there are some wonderful third-party email collaboration tools. Here are some tips that can help. Read More . Talk to Siri for Handle to-dos and reminders. Are Your Ready to Handle Your Gmail Better? Handle for Gmail might be just the Chrome extension you need to keep your work flowing 25 Chrome Extensions to Make You More Productive 25 Chrome Extensions to Make You More Productive We hear so much about productivity. How do we become more productive? What can help us be extra productive? Which tools make us the most productive? Read More . Why stop what you are doing to create a task or appointment after receiving an email? Try Handle for Gmail and turn that message into a to-do or event quickly and easily. And don’t forget to use Handle’s helpful project feature for organizing it all. If you use Handle for Gmail and have some helpful tips you would like to share, please leave us a comment below! Previous PostHow to Update Shared Files on Dropbox Without Breaking LinksNext Post7 Places Where You Can Find Beautiful Presentation Templates Fast 1 comment Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Nigel Green June 8, 2017 at 7:06 am Does it work with Google's Inbox Reply Sandy Stachowiak 219 articles Sandy has an AAS in Computer Information Systems and a BS in Information Technology. She worked for many years in the IT industry as a Project Manager, Department Manager, and PMO Lead. She then decided to follow her dream and now writes about technology full-time. Advertisement Latest Giveaways The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Advertisement Trending 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Smart Home 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Better Than Google Maps: 6 Awesome Alternatives for Maps Internet Better Than Google Maps: 6 Awesome Alternatives for Maps 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Productivity 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Advertisement Related Articles The 6 Best PDF Readers for Windows Windows Productivity The 6 Best PDF Readers for Windows 3 Best Chrome Extensions to View Office Documents in Your Browser Productivity 3 Best Chrome Extensions to View Office Documents in Your Browser Some Cool Keyboard Tricks Few People Know About Windows Productivity Some Cool Keyboard Tricks Few People Know About Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google's 'Trusted Voice' feature keeps turning off for some users Phil Oakley Follow View All Posts 2017/01/08 11:18am PDTJan 8, 2017 37 Plus 1 on G+ 60 Share on Facebook 94 Share on Twitter Total Shares191 Applications Google News The OK Google command is great, but I think we'd all agree that it can be a little... temperamental at times. Our Glorious Leader Artem recently took to Google+ to air his grievances about Trusted Voice, the feature that recognizes your voice and unlocks your phone accordingly. What happens when Trusted Voice is off. Specifically, Artem was complaining about Trusted Voice automatically, and seemingly randomly, turning itself off. This is annoying because it means when asking Google Assistant, or Voice Search on non-Pixel phones, the phone has to be manually unlocked before it answers.   Left: as you can see, Trusted Voice is off. Right: the Trusted Voice setup phase. This may be a bug limited to the Google app v6.10 beta, but I've found it happens with versions prior to that on my Nexus 6P. I'll set Trusted Voice up, and it'll work as intended for a little while - say a month - but then one day I'll ask it to play some music or set a timer and it'll say 'I can't do that as your phone needs to be unlocked' or something similar. Rinse and repeat. If Google wants to be the leader in the voice assistant market, it's crucial Assistant works as intended. This means improving the reliability of the OK Google command and ensuring it works 100% of the time. We'd be interested to hear your comments on this, and see if it's related to specific phones or versions of the Google app. Let us know in the comments! Tags google app google assistant google voice search OK Google trusted voice subscribe ... Previous Story [Update: It's official] Promotional video for new Nokia Android phone leaked, possibly the ... ... Next Story Two months after the Google Home's release, it still can't perform many basic tasks Trending 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Borgman I've been having this problem on my XL for about a month now. Randomly works at times and other times it simply doesn't. mbarna I've been experiencing this bug on a Nexus 5x throughout the summer of 2016. Haven't seen it crop up recently though. Gonzales It happens on my 5X as well. I was chalking it up to Action Launcher 3 but it still happens with no launcher active. Very frustrating Van_Hammersly Same here. Nexus 5X. Although it happened on Nexus 5 and previous phones as well. Always took a reinstall. Artem Russakovskii Your GIF at least shows the voice prompt and then the lock. With Assistant, you just see the lock, and the voice prompt only shows up after you unlock, which... well, is just as frustrating. Chris Ledbetter Mine on my pixel will show a message saying i have to unlock the device and the prompt is no longer up forcing me to do it all over again. SMH Not a big deal, just something that should be flawless from a search giant... The Fink it happens on Samsung phones as well. Arie Yup, this is happening to me for quite a while.. Nexus 6P, on 7.1.1 blassster This has happened to me before as well, most recently after applying this month's security patch. Anthony McCann Well, on the plus side, at least the voice command was for a good cause Ailín Ó’S This has always happened to me, it's never worked. I have my phone in Irish/Gaeilge and Google in English (Ireland). Goyam Jain This issue has been with me on the Galaxy Su Edge running Android Marshmallow since when I bought it in November. It sucks when it happens JPJ My XL works sporadically and I'm using the Jan update. John Doe Trusted Voice isn't even available on the Nexus 6. I believe it used to be there but I don't know what happened. JasonIvers Did anyone ever find out why the Nexus 6 doesn't have that option? I never did see a reason, just that it was the case. It generally doesn't affect me, as I have trusted devices most places I would actually consider using it. Noeltorious Used to be there, and if you toggled it on it would toggle itself back off. Must've been really broken for them to disable and then remove it digitalcircuit I've had a similar issue where "Say 'Ok Google' any time" keeps turning off a split second after I enable it. Checking logcat points to "AlwaysOnHotword start recognition failed with error 14" and "sound_trigger stdev_load_sound_model failed." Upgrading/downgrading Google Search doesn't help. Frustratingly enough, this was working fine for a month or two on CM 13.. then broke. Then worked again when upgrading to CM 14.1.. then broke a month later. Nexus 6. Logan Snyder I have a 5X, I haven't noticed trusted voice turning off randomly, but I've noticed the "Ok Google command" has a lower and lower recognition rate until it becomes abysmal and almost never recognizes the command. I have to retrain the voice mondel like once a month. chinna_rao I've been having this problem with my device for quite some time but then, it just blew up when I repeatedly tried "OK Google" ing it...Samsung Note 7 matteventu "it'll work as intended for a little while - say a month" You are lucky then. With Pixel XL it happens that you setup the "Ok Google" always on and as trusted voice, and after HOURS it stops responding, forgetting the "vocal-training" you made. And there's no a toggle for this, you have to reinitiate every fu**ing time the vocal setup. Ernie Mine is fine sproc Well at least your fingerprint reader still exists, lol. Some of these issues are like Win9x era crap. ehTuBrutus Happens to me Everytime I switch between user accounts. Gives me a pop-up saying it has been turned off so I took it to be by design. I take it others have it happening even when not switching accounts? I wonder if Artemis has more than one user açcount on his phone? Andrew Palmer I used it to skip a track the other day. I didn't like the next track either so tried to do OK Google again. No response. Joe Mihalich I experienced this twice on the first day I received my pre-ordered Pixel XL. After i retrained it the second time, it hasn't happened again. Lucky me. Now if they would just fix the stupid freeze/lockup issue i can get on with my life. Brian Demodulated Trusted Voice is always turned on for me but often when I give a voice command I'm prompted to unlock my phone before the command is executed. So annoying. whispy_snippet Yep, I experience all of the above on my Pixel. Sucky. shamatuu yep nexus 6P. been turned off on its own for couple of months and yet Google seems to not care to fix it. really hope they fix it ASAP because they not what they used to be. blakeleeper Its happening on my Pixel XL v6.10.33.21 Kwetsima Maluleke Its been doing this to me for ages. About a year maybe. David Hyman Me too but it has been working a lot better for me for a while now Sharondhart Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !ue210c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !ue210c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash500WebCompanyGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!ue210c:....,...... Les Deplorables Yep...ages here too! Annoying. Michael Gerberich I have a similar issue with Trusted places. It works for a while and then just stops working. S7 Edge. vwnut13 Didn't OK Google used to work with a locked screen? Jimas Happens on my Nexus 6P Google v6.10.33.21. It started happening maybe a week or two ago, but it resets almost like every 2-3 days. Zaptor99 On my Note 4, I don't have Trusted Voices, I have "Personal Results". I turned it on. But If I go to Maps, Settings, Navigation, Ok Google, then the same screen from google app appears, but instead of "Personal Results", I see "Trusted Voice" and it's turned off and it then automatically turns off "Personal Results" in google app. Very confusing. Grey Are we reporting bugs on AP now? Because there are tons of bugs to report, especially with Google Now. It doesn't make sound anymore for one. If your phone is in landscape mode and you get it to turn on, it will turn on then stop because it's in landscape mode and you have to repeat it. Not to mention it does not respond every time. And try saying "remind me tonight dentist appointment at 11 am", cause what it will give you is a reminder for "tonight dentist appointment" due at 11 am. It's got issues. We gonna call them on all of it and try and get some pressure on Google to fix stuff? You gotta do it AP, we can't. Ibrahim Yusuf It happend for me on my nexus 5x on marshmallow, even updating to nougat didn't fix it. But I fixed it by deleting the voice model and retraining again. I got an answer on reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/AndroidQuestions/comments/5bgngq/cant_activate_always_on_ok_google_voice_detection/ Amir This is not new. I've been having this issue since the beginning of 2015 on my Nexus 6, 6P and now on Pixel XL. Ive completely given up on that feature. opticalgenesis Same here :( - also bonus points for Muse Himesh Kulkarni Same problem here but works less than a month, maybe like a few days. Also, I don't get any reply, it's just blank (doesn't work). Peter Me: "OK Google" Pixel: "Bleep" Me: "Read last message" Pixel: "You have one last message, would you like to hear it?" Me: "Yes" Pixel: "OK, cool, cool." ... Me: "WTF?" Andre Only once this has happened on my Nexus 5X. I have not experienced this issue in a while. jack_k1 I absolutely loath saying"OK Google". It just doesn't roll off the tongue. I feel like I'm gargling. demarcmj Even if it did "roll off the tongue," four syllables is just way too much. Fatty Bunter Google Home accepts "Hey google" too, which is much better. Hopefully they'll add this to phones too. Cory S Hey Google has a much lower activation rate than Okay Google for me, which is a shame because I hate that hot phrase. jack_k1 Try using Trusted Face when you have a long flowing beard. Hah! nxtiak YES!!! My Pixel XL suffers this issue, so f'ing annoying, I thought I was going crazy! JimOnTheBeach Yes happens on my new LG V20.i thought I was doing something wrong. Shawna Bartron This has never worked for me. LG Stylo 2 Travis James I don't have this issue, but I will keep yelling at my phone when driving "OK Google" with no response. When I have a chance to pick up my phone and unlock, I see that it can't reach Google, even though I have connectivity. Super annoying. Brandon Buchanan I use this feature all the time, but never have trouble with it on my Nexus 5x. King_Android Expect bugs with Beta. Uninstall beta clear data enable using default Google now launcher and all is well. catalysto For as long as I've had my 6P, I've had a similar problem. After a week or so, saying "OK Google" with the screen off stops working. If I toggle the settings off and back on, it works again for a while. But then usually by the time I actually need it, it has stopped working again. I gave up on it and just use the microphone button now for voice commands. Van_Hammersly It's done this to me on at least three separate phones over the past few years. Random and annoying. Each time I think when I get a new phone it'll stop doing it, foolishly. Parneet Singh It always does after few days on my nexus 5 X. Ok google stops responding to voice commands dmo580 That's not the same as Trusted Voice turning off. You're talking about OK Google detection just failing. The screenshots here specifically show the toggle being turned off. Let's not mix up two issues. Yvonne Campbell I have this issue as well, where both the 'trusted voice' and 'detection from any screen' toggles get turned off. gtoninn I have had the same thing happen to me. In addition to that the most recent update to the Google app has left my manually requested google searches with voice (IE I hit the voice search button), getting stuck and then the Google App has to be restarted. Also on a 6P Pyrazol You mention this now? It's been doing that to me for AGES. I thought switching from the Moto X to the Nexus 6 would ease my woes, but nooo. I just don't use that shit anymore because it's so freaking unreliable. dmo580 You don't even have trusted voice on the Nexus 6 as an option in the Google App. Keep in mind this issue is a very specific one regarding trusted voice. Moto's own implementation of always on listening is different as they pay for the license themselves. Cypress Frankenfeld Has anyone logged an issue on the Android bug tracker? I'd gladly star it. Joe Mine's always done this, it just randomly stops working. I always thought it was just because of updates causing it to shut down and needing to be reactivated. sea_hawk I have the same issue for a month. after I joined the 7.1.1 beta and then left the beta, but still experiencing the issue. sea_hawk Never mind... just tried enabling it, and it finally let me do that... not sure what happened. But in the past when I tried enabling trusted voice, it would ask me to input my pattern, but after I do that, the button stays "off"... sorry, not of much help HotRodJohnson Welcome to the world of the Nexus 6 users. The forum for this feature says, Hey Nexus 6 user, you can forget about it! Noeltorious I actually have a similar issue on the Pixel XL. I'll say OK Google and it will wake the screen up and show me the lock screen. Subsequent OK Google's or swiping to launch from the lock screen just point me to use my fingerprint to login. Once I use the fp-sensor the screen unlocks with Assistant launched. Weird and annoying, haven't figured out steps to reproduce because it's so random I don't think it's toggling off though because I never have to toggle anything on to fix it. RecalcitrantOne Just commenting to echo what others have said, happens to me and my 5x. Wouldn't mind being able to set my own "hot phrase." Either way, the emphasis is wrong with "Okay Google." The emphasis is on the second syllable of okay, but first for Google so it's not smooth. Rob I also noticed it deactivated many times, making it unreliable (Nexus 6P 7.1.1). It's been deactivating since the summer but it's a few weeks it hasn't anymore. I hope this gets addressed. Ashlynn This happens for me. Google Pixel version 7.1.1 - Google version 6.10.36.21amd 64. This recently started happening for me. Had no issues a few weeks ago. Chris Tashjian Same here!! It's been resetting on me daily for the last couple weeks jaxjoe Same issue with my PixelXL - was working up until 2-3 weeks ago. Now it doesn't stay turned on for more than a few hours at a time Luke Taylor Ohhhhhh yeah. It'd happened to me only 4 or 5 times on my 6P in the last year, but suddenly in the past two weeks it's happened to me about 6 times- which is how I found this article just now. Come on, Google! stephen Galaxy s7. turns off in middle of voice searches and even while I'm typing in a search. Annoying to have to start typing all over again! Version 6.0.1 Niels Buekers I get this on my Pixel XL since a week or 2.. nikov I've had it happen a few times in the past on my Nexus 6P, but it has become very common in the last month or two. I'm running in to real issues with it at this point. bryguy76 I have a Pixel XL, worked fine for the first month, and then started turning off all the time. It's so annoying. Miguel Dey My pixel just started doing this.. any fix for it yet? Random! LG G3 D855, stock fw. Started happening to me a few days ago. Now this feature freaks out every couple days. Russ We have two Pixels and both do this. It's infuriating. It'll work flawlessly some days and then sometimes we'll say "OK, Google" and just get the lock screen and then go into the settings and find Trusted Voice has turned itself off arbitrarily. Trueblue711 It must be a bug with Google Play services. I'm one of the very few people with a Nexus 6p still running Android 6.0 and this bug happens to me all the time. Ronny Keller Disabling "Battery Optimization" for the item "ok Google enrollment" seems to do the trick for some users. Aaron Kelly I hope this does the trick. I'm trying it. It makes sense. Joe Mihalich This is still happening to me with google app 6.10.37.21. Kris Tyler This is happening at least monthly on my Samsung Galaxy S5. Then it makes me retrain it and opt in. EVERY FREAKING TIME. So annoying, especially when it won't dial numbers when I'm driving. It's enough to make me consider an Apple. Al It happens on Pixel too. I'm starting to wonder if it's anytime the phone restarts. SSt Me too. Nexus 6p Laksamana Just happened to me since last week (Galaxy S6 on Android 6.0.1). Kept asking me to opt back in into Trusted Voice. Andrew Slater I have a 6p on version 7.1.1 and it had been doing this for a month or 2. But instead of it turning off a couple months apart, it turns off after only a couple days. Very annoying. JC Pixel XL, Android 7.1.2, Google App version 6.12.19.21.arm64. Does this multiple times a day, multiple times a week. So annoying it's driving me crazy. Been this this since my Nexus 6P a year ago Austin Ingram So annoying. It stays on for maybe a day or two then it's off again. Austin Ingram It may be related to training it in noisy environments - if you do that then try to activate it when it's quiet it may not recognize your voice and disable it for "security". Ankit Sud It's happening frequently with my Pixel as well. Defeats the biggest use case for Assistant in my opinion. Kyle Bailey Still happening with my Pixel. Is there any fix? bluescrubbie Just spent a while on chat with Google support. They say they've fixed the issue and we'll be rolling it out in an update soon. Patrick Ledwith Really? That's a relief. Wulf Nesthead 786 I'm sure it was indeed a relief; since, however, that was months ago and they have yet to fix it, are you still relieved? Patrick No need to cop an attitude with me. Garth Hedley I have Nexus 6P and 7.1.1. so fault is not restricted to earlier Android versions. I've set up TV numerous times. Each time after phone locks, Google app voice says can't do that phone is locked. Tatyana Tatyana I turn it on and the same day the "Trusted Voice" option will turn itself off. Drives me fucking bananas. PeterDTown Infuriating! It seems that every time I try to use this feature it's turned off again. Katie Conforti Seems if you don't use your phone for 4 hours the setting gets disabled. So annoying, makes assistant nearly worthless. https://support.google.com/pixelphone/answer/6093922?hl=en Aaron Kelly My 6p has been doing this for about the last month or two. Every 3-7 days it happens. It's frustrating. I use the Trusted Voice to dial all the time, so when it doesn't work because of something like this, it makes me mad. Shannon Doak It is happening with my Pixel as well. stsin 6P on fi started doing it after I went off the beta os test due to severe battery issues. Dušan Todorović "trusted voice" my ***. After setting it for who knows how many times, yesterday, when i wanted it to start Clash of clans, that annoying answer pulled my nerve with "actually i cant do that while the device is locked, please, unlock blablabla.." for the last time. I disabled it. Guys doing the Ok Google "magic", clearly this is happening for a while and to many people, independant of android version, root opt, device, launcher, gapps version, google+ version, etc. Either fix the darn thing or stop pretending to be Siri's competitor. This sucks big time. Simon Jude I have this exact problem! I'm on an LG K7, anyone actually know how to fix this? Paul Kopalek My Nexus 6P turns the 'Anywhere' feature off INSTANTLY when I turn it on. Even when wiping Google app data, clean flashing the 7.1.1 ROM all over again, and disabling Battery Optimization for 'OK Google Enrollment. This is infuriating. Dave Segal HTC One M8 and galaxy 7 Yvonne Campbell Yes!! It's not just my trusted voice that gets turned off but my detection from any screen. Suddenly I can't just say "ok google" and get a response without touching my phone. Rather defeats the purpose. I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 5. Another issue I'm having, but think it would be a phone issue, is that I have answer calls with voice commands turned on, and even though it stays turned on, it does not work anymore. PP Saini I have the opposite issue. The "any time" option will not stay off. I toggle it off, but am immediately able to say OK Google with my phone responding. Check the setting, and it is oddly back on. Kristina Starck Constantly on my Note 5. It also pops up a window asking me what I just said everytime I listen to anything with my headphones plugged in. Even disabling the assistant altogether doesnt stop the spam. Callahan Jason Droid Maxx 2 - used to turn off randomly, more recently I can not keep it on. If I switch it on back out to previous screen then go back-it will be off Salazryl Ismail I have this issue too on my SGS3 and HTC One M8 Jean-Sebastien Penney Same here about once a week Nexus 6p Stapin Does this on an LG KV8 as well. Restarting the phone works, sometimes I have to since the assistant fails to respond even after the phone is manually unlocked Elijah Francis Pixel XL: Voice search keeps shutting off for me shortly after using it. Also the search bar won't even begin to load search results either.... REALLY annoying when you're driving and want search somewhere with a simple voice command. After this bug shows up seemingly immediately I'm forced to restart the phone only for it to happen AGAIN. Google fix this shit. Annduhroo It's started doing this on my Pixel... Not okay at all. Wulf Nesthead 786 I have marshmallow on a droid turbo and I can't get trusted voice to work for me for as much as a single day. Google released a "workaround" which literally does nothing to fix the problem. I don't know whether they are malicious and derive glee from their lies, or are just stupid. Ordinarily one would think that if one releases a workaround, it would actually, well, work. Tracy Clarenson It doesn't even last 3 days for me. I have an S7 edge. Corey W. Still an unresolved issue, both on my Pixel and S8 Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Popular television progress tracker TV Show Favs is testing a new material design layout 2017/06/07 11:11am PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 106 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.667s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Apple Home Where does the smart home fit into Apple's HomePod? New, 20 comments by Jacob Kastrenakes Jun 7, 2017, 11:00am EDT share tweet Linkedin It's impossible to miss one of Apple's biggest ambitions for the HomePod: control over your home, and a central placement within it. It's right there in the name. And yet, the way Apple is trying to set the HomePod apart from direct competitors like Google's Home and Amazon's Echo, the HomePod ends up positioned oddly far from what seems like such an obvious goal. In case you missed its announcement Monday, the HomePod is Apple's first shot at a smart speaker. It can be used alone or wirelessly synced up with other speakers, and it has built-in Siri for answering questions and taking commands. Google and Amazon make it much easier to get their speakers into multiple rooms But there are three things Google and Amazon do with their smart speakers that Apple doesn't: they make products that are discreet, they sell them at a more affordable price, and they put a heavy emphasis on what their digital assistants can do. The first two of those go hand in hand. Google's Home and Amazon's Echo Dot (and to a lesser extent, the full-sized Echo) are small enough that they can be slipped into corners or placed unobtrusively on tables, counters, and nightstands. They aren't necessarily attractive (though the Home can look oddly cute, like a baby speaker that's yet to finish growing), but they're mostly ignorable. With their lower prices — $130 for the Home, $50 for the Dot, $180 for the full Echo — it's also much more realistic for someone to buy a few and place them throughout the house. That's encouraged, too, because both Google and Amazon highlight how useful it is to have immediate access to their voice assistants. And that's being enhanced with new features, like both speakers getting the ability to make calls. Being able to put these devices in multiple rooms is critical to delivering on the promise of an ever-present assistant and creating the voice-controlled home dreamt up by sci-fi movies. They're an easy way to turn lights on and off, set alarms, or adjust the climate. But that convenience vanishes if you can't get voice control in the rooms you end up using the most. At $350, putting a HomePod in multiple rooms of your house isn't a very appealing prospect. And while Apple has quite possibly made the most attractive speaker of the bunch, its speaker also takes up a bit more room. The Echo is a utility, designed to be ignored. But the HomePod is a speaker, meant to stand out as one. There also aren't as many reasons to spread the HomePod throughout many rooms. Yes, it can be a hub for controlling smart home equipment. But Apple seems to be making its digital assistant a secondary focus, unlike its competitors. Siri will be limited to specific categories that Apple thinks make sense for the HomePod — weather, reminders, unit conversions, and so on — which means you aren't going to be ordering a pizza, hailing a cab, or making a dinner reservation all by voice. Apple doesn’t really expect you to use its smart home tech And it doesn't seem like that deemphasis is entirely because Siri has fallen behind its competitors. If that were the case, Apple could have used Monday's announcement — at an event expressly for developers — to offer a way to code deeper, more valuable interactions with Siri. Instead, it didn't say a word about any of that with relation to the HomePod. It did expand Siri's functionality slightly, but those features were limited to iPhones and iPads. Apple is trying to tap into its heritage as the iPod company to make a product that's music first, assistant second, despite the name giving the two equal billing. And while there are plenty of good reasons to like the HomePod if you're looking for a speaker, there are a lot fewer rooms in the house that need one, which means fewer places for Apple to sell them into. That makes Apple's smart home play a bit more distant than it initially seemed. The HomePod can deliver the same type of home-controlling functions as Google's Home and Amazon's Echo, but it isn't priced or sized to wind up in every room. Like every element of Apple's smart home strategy so far, the function is there if you want it, but Apple doesn't really expect you to use it. That's a reasonable position given how niche the smart home market remains. BI Intelligence recently found that only about 10 percent of homes are using smart home tech right now, with more and more expected to join in the coming years. Apple has always shot for the higher end of the market, while Google and Amazon have always shot for mass adoption. So the diverging strategies make sense. Even so, Apple really does seem to be interested in the smart home market. Its smart home platform, HomeKit, has received regular updates over the past few years, from support for new types of products to a built-in home control app on iOS. And while Apple hasn’t made any HomeKit accessories (aside from, perhaps, the HomePod), it receives licensing revenue for every unit its partners make, which is a pretty good reason for Apple to want this space to take off. HomeKit is really easy to get started, but Apple limits its expansion Plus, as a very notable added bonus, every voice query going through Siri is one that isn’t going through Google Assistant or Alexa. Google clearly sees voice as a major component to the future of search, and that’s why it’s been so aggressive about getting into this nascent space. By going only for the higher end of the market, Apple continues ceding some early smart home turf to its competitors, despite a wide-open opportunity. Apple's HomeKit platform is the easiest option for someone who wants to start tinkering with smart home tech, and a smart speaker expands that ease of use — but only so far as it can actually get into the spaces people live. Speakers come in all kinds of shapes and sizes, and so do most of Apple's products, so it seems reasonable to expect the HomePod line to grow and evolve over time. But until that happens, Apple is allowing Google and, primarily right now, Amazon to establish themselves as the market's leaders. For a brand-new platform that, like smartphones, could eventually be at the core of how people interact with all kinds of products and services, that's a big risk. In this Storystream WWDC 2017: the latest news from Apple’s big developer conference Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop Where does the smart home fit into Apple's HomePod? Apple still hasn't fixed Siri's biggest problem View all 48 stories Next Up In Tech Amazon is making it easier for cable companies to add Alexa voice commands Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none The 6 best new features in iOS 11 It’s impossible for Google and Facebook to be politically neutral Roli's Seaboard Block is a $299 multitouch keyboard that works with your phone Now Trending iMac 2017 first look: perspectives from a pro video editor Worth the upgrade — so far Amazon has killed off its unlimited data storage deal Time to check you don’t have auto-renew turned on The 6 best new features in iOS 11 iOS 11’s new volume indicator is the biggest tiny change no one’s talking about Well, this is a welcome change YouTube’s gossip vloggers have created their own tabloid industry There are YouTube celebrities, so of course there are YouTube tabloids Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 29. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest The Vergecast reports back from WWDC by Andrew Marino Pokémon Go will host real-life events to celebrate its anniversary by Andrew Liptak Shadow of War’s new story trailer sets the stage for the battle over Mordor by Chaim Gartenberg Amazon is making it easier for cable companies to add Alexa voice commands by James Vincent Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop by Paul Miller 5 comments / new Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none by Chaim Gartenberg 37 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Google loses more advertisers over hate videos - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts Day With Dad Contest LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Day With Dad Contest Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Google loses more advertisers over hate videos Posted: Wednesday, June 7, 2017 10:53 AM EDT Updated: Wednesday, June 7, 2017 2:54 PM EDT Google is pulling out all the stops to win back advertisers after a big brand boycott last month over extremist content. By Ivana Kottasová LONDON (CNNMoney) -- Google still has a major problem with extremist and hate videos. Three advertisers -- Etihad Airways, Deliveroo and the U.K.'s Labour Party -- have pulled their spots from YouTube after discovering they were shown alongside videos made by a hate preacher. Google-owned YouTube has been under mounting pressure in recent months after more than a dozen organizations pulled their ads over similar complaints. Etihad, the national carrier of the United Arab Emirates, said in a statement that it was "appalled" by the content of the videos. "This content is abhorrent, deeply disturbing and the issue needs to be resolved by Google and all other media partners," it said in a statement. Deliveroo said it was "extremely concerned." It said it has withdrawn its ads until YouTube takes action "to improve its content control and protect its viewers and advertisers." The latest round of advertiser defections was first reported by The Times. The newspaper said that Mastercard, Johnson & Johnson, New Balance and Marriott Hotels have also pulled their ads. Those companies did not respond to requests for comment from CNNMoney. Weight Watchers, also mentioned in The Times report, said it would "not fund this type of activity" and added that it was "not currently" running ads on YouTube. YouTube, meanwhile, said that it has made progress in addressing the issue. "We've been conducting an extensive review of our advertising policies -- and in recent weeks have made significant changes that give brands more control over where their ads appear," a spokesperson said. YouTube sells ad time to companies, and their spots are slotted to play before videos. Advertisers don't directly control where their ads are placed, although they can specify the demographics they'd like to target. YouTube relies heavily on viewers to flag content. With 300 hours of content a minute uploaded, some fall through the cracks. The company said that while "no system will be 100% perfect," it has taken steps to "further safeguard our advertisers' brands." The latest round of advertising suspensions included three major political parties in the U.K. The country will hold a general election on Thursday. The Times reported that the Conservative Party and the Liberal Democrats had asked for their ads to be removed from the site. The Labour Party confirmed it had taken similar action. "We will be raising this issue with YouTube and have paused all adverts until we are satisfied Google have taken steps to make sure this does not happen again," the party said in a statement. In March, Google faced an advertiser exodus after spots from major brands and the U.K. government ran alongside content from extremist groups. At the time, the British government summoned the tech firm to explain why taxpayer-funded ads were used on content including videos from former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke. Google and Facebook own huge chunks of the digital advertising business, and major brands are spending an increasing share of their ad budgets on their platforms. Companies are becoming cautious about where their advertisements appear, however. Vodafone announced plans on Tuesday to prevent its ads from running on sites that carry hate speech and fake news. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | Pixel phones to get final Android O update in August: Report Pixel phones to get final Android O update in August: Report By: Shilpa Published: Wednesday, June 7, 2017, 20:00 [IST] Always known for receiving Android OS updates earlier than other phones, the Google Pixel and Nexus devices have already received two builds of it. Summer release Now, the company is all set to release the final stable version of this OS but will make it available this summer. By releasing the update late, it looks like Google is trying to break the old tradition of rolling out it in fall. According to David Ruddock from AndroidPolice, the company will make this update available for Pixel phones in the first week or two of August. Roll-out to Nexus phones As expected, this update will be sent over the air to the Pixel devices. But if you are wondering if Nexus phones will receive the same update or not, then here is the answer. Along with Pixel phones, even the Nexus devices are expected to get this stable build around the same time. Dates may change Since release date keeps changing, Ruddock further explains that this information comes from a reliable source, but the certainty of it cannot be judged quickly. So, it looks like the Pixel phones may receive the update in the month of August, where the date is subjected to change anytime. Pixel 2 announcement All this also hints us the availability of Pixel 2 phones. That is, if the search giant releases Android O in August, then the Pixel 2 will be announced one or two months after it. Since nothing is clearly mentioned here, it is preferred to take this news with a pinch of salt. Google Pixel 2 61,999(Expected Price) Specs Competitors Images +11 Read More About smartphones | google | pixel | Nexus | android | android o | news Other articles published on Jun 7, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... How to stay safe on Instagram: Simple tips that you can follow Government is aiming at a $ 1trillion digital economy by 2020: Ravi Shankar Prasad Samsung will start OLED display production for iPhone 8 this month Featured Posts Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Victoria Law & Order Bolt Blog Opinion National World Weird Technology Photos Sport AFL Supercoach AFL AFLW Cricket Tennis NRL Football Rugby Racing Golf US Sports More Basketball Video Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Awards Leigh Paatsch Business Breaking News Victoria Markets Economy Work Companies Terry McCrann Barefoot Investor Every Step Your Hip Pocket Lifestyle Eating Out Melbourne Travel Money Health Games Stellar Fashion Home Food Horoscopes Parenting RealEstate News Buying Renting Selling Investing Experts Development Prestige Property Video Entertainment Business Sport Video Lifestyle Travel News Video Tech Classifieds Tributes Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad No Cookies To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose "App Settings" from the menu Turn on the option "Links Open Externally" (This will use the device's default browser) Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy > Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy Options > Under the Hood > Content Settings Check Allow local data to be set Uncheck Block third-party cookies from being set Uncheck Clear cookies Close all Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select 'accept cookies' from the safari menu. Select 'from visited' from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Also In News... Jill Singer Jill Singer remembered as feisty and fearless journalist and broadcaster Thugs hunted Andrew Bolt calls for crackdown on free speech thugs Immune attack New hope in treatment of aggressive breast cancer Supreme Court Special treatment in court for our worst youth offenders Pay cheats More school cleaning companies facing allegations of underpaying staff Medical research Women’s network aims to improve children’s health in Victoria and worldwide Exclusive Plan for maximum-security federal prison for jihadis Injections program Former Essendon player’s concern: Jabs harmed my daughter Program dumped Muslim council advised to dump deradicalisation program Bourke St massacre Police Minister Lisa Neville says talking helped with personal toll of Bourke Street tragedy Eye test Centre for Eye Research Australia tests app to detect wet Age-Related Macular Degeneration Clampdown Security blitz for Brazil v Argentina MCG blockbuster Union snub United Firefighters Union commissions gender probe after snubbing independent review Terrifying attack Machete used in North Melbourne burglary Horror collision Truck driver charged over Parkville tram crash Sponsored Links Newsletters Mobile iPad App Send Pics News Breaking News Local Victoria National World Opinion Photos Law & Order Technology News in Education Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser NT News The Mercury Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Football Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing/MMA Basketball Netball US Sports Fox Sports Punters.com.au Odds.com.au Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies Terry McCrann In The Black Your Hip Pocket Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Celebrity Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Melbourne Realestate Travel Home Mag Money Health Food Sunday Style Fashion Parenting Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword Home Vogue Taste Kidspot Body + Soul Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local Herald Sun Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Privacy Policy Subscribe now Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Newsletter Subscription Contact Us Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Tributes Shop Careers Journalism Traineeships Work Experience Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Terms of Use Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2017 Copyright
SEO NEWS PPC CONTENT SOCIAL ADVERTISE MORE SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News Most ReadPaid Search PPC Guide Paid Search 101 Digital AdvertisingSEJ Summit Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing YoutubeEntrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedInToolbox Rss Twitter Facebook Follow Us LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Google Plus Pinterest ADVERTISEMENT SEO | June 7, 2017 How Google’s Algorithms Do & Will Work Together 430 SHARES 626 READS Dave Davies Dave Davies 626 READS As SEOs, we’re obsessed with how Google’s algorithms work. Well, it turns out they work together. In a recent Webmaster Central Google Hangout John Mueller revealed that Google’s various algorithms share data. Mueller’s exact quote was: “With regards to connections with other quality algorithms, in general we try to keep these algorithms as separated as possible so that each of these quality algorithms has its own data set to work on. One thing that does happen though is that sometimes quality information from one algorithm is used in other algorithms where when it comes to understanding like how we should be treating this website. So for example, if we think this website is generally lower quality then that could flow into other things like, maybe maybe like, crawling and indexing speed something like.” You can hear it straight from the horse’s mouth here: This got me thinking about how Google’s algorithms work together now, how they will work together moving forward, and how this understanding can help you optimize your websites for the future. An interesting coincidence to note: I’m currently working with a client in the microservices space. I won’t get too far technically into what microservices are, but I will discuss briefly how understanding them – and Google’s actions in the space – can help you wrap your brain around what’s going on with Google’s algorithms. My Problem With Microservices When I first started working with our client I had a heck of a time wrapping my brain around microservices and how they functioned. At its core, it’s a simple idea – rather than building one big program you build a bunch of smaller ones that all work together. But how does this work? How does this get structured? The solution is near and dear to this nerd’s heart – and will help us understand how algorithms work together. And, for context, when I say “nerd,” I mean this kind of nerd: The Solution Is … Borg I kid you not. Google actually has a product called Borg. Google uses Borg to manage groups of applications designed to perform a specific function. More common in the microservices space, however, is a system called Kubernetes. It basically does the same thing but isn’t proprietary to Google. To give you an idea of where this ties together, Kubernetes was built by some ex-Googlers who’d worked with Borg and was code named Project 7 (after 7 of 9, the Borg-turned-human of “Star Trek” fame). I don’t think it’s a coincidence that the name starts with “Kube”. Quite honestly, it was as soon as I was able to visualize this way of systems working together that I was able to wrap my brain around microservices. Each system sitting inside a container (think: Borg cube) and setup such that data is shared between them when necessary but where a failure in one does not cascade to the others any more than the destruction of a Borg cube impacts the hive. Microalgorithms This is how we must think of the new world order of algorithms. Once upon a time the Google algorithm was a fairly basic formula (by today’s standards) reliant on fairly basic data. Backlinks, keyword densities, anchor text – collect a bit of data in these core areas, manually adjust their weighting to improve the results and you were done (for 4 to 6 weeks until the next Dance … errr … update). Google had no need for a Borg approach at that time. But that time is over. Google’s system has gotten far more complex. Where redundancy alone was once enough to keep the system healthy, today it won’t suffice. What is needed today is a system of independent algorithms that produce a whole that is beyond the sum of its parts. Specialized algorithms like Panda adding in factors that could not be built into one of the other algorithms and more, that is adjustable and pushable without accidentally impacting something else. The way that I personally visualize Google’s algorithm at this stage is as a collection of Borg cubes, each representing an algorithm and each with a number of workers inside dedicated to the mission at hand be that the task of determining the crawl budget for a site to looking for link spam signals to rendering or judging page layout, etc. Like the Borg of “Star Trek” fame there is a queen, a central control that can say, “I am the Borg.” Where once the queen was the core algorithm and all data fed to it and produced a result, we see this now converting to a system of control rather than a system of judgment. What we’re hearing presently from John is that these “Borg Cubes” communicate with each other independent of their queen. This means that each “Cube” is not simply fulfilling its duty and reporting what it finds for processing but they are communicating with each other and adjusting how they are treating and concluding from said data without the need for that adjustment to be judged. The queen is evolving from a collector of data and producer of results into a mechanism that controls the way the various algorithms interact to produce the desired outcome. Presently this is likely limited to fairly basic areas as John mentions. Things like spam in one area triggering a reduction in crawl budget in another. Predictable and controllable but this can’t last much longer. Why Should You Care? As we saw in an article a couple months ago on the dramatic changes present and coming in the organic search space AI and machine learning are dramatically changing the landscape. The devices people are using are also changing. Even how users are viewed, and how they are catered to, will cause massive upheaval in how search algorithms function. So, you may be asking, what’s the difference whether the rankings are taken from a single formula, a network of algorithms that feed results back into a complex formula, or a network of algorithms that all communicate with each other? It’s a good question with a simple answer in the form of a rhetorical question: When a team is preparing for a big game do they rely on watching what their opponent is doing that day or do they study their capabilities to prepare themselves for whatever may come? Anyone who’s played any level of sports past grade school gym knows the answer to this – and anyone who’s been in SEO for more than a year-or-two knows it applies here as well. Knowing what Google is doing today is nice, but we really need to wrap our brains around what Google is capable of and what they’re likely moving toward. Back To Our Borg Analogy Let’s look now at how all of this works with Google. Let’s begin with a quick breakdown of the what the two main structures look and act like: Old / Semi-Current Structure Notwithstanding the limited use of the algorithms communicating between each other presently this is fundamentally an example of how the system works (albeit in a very very limited fashion). Signals are weighted. Some of these signals are directly addressed by the core algorithm (like W, X, and Y) and others are algorithms which produce a final product that is then fed into the core algorithm (PageRank in this example). But let’s look at what’s likely on the horizon. Upcoming Structure This is a simplistic visualization, but I hope it gets the point across about the likely future of Google’s algorithms. This matches closely with what we’re seeing and hearing from Google. Notice that the queen is no longer a specific algorithm, but rather a set of results-driven directives. This is a necessary setup in a world with John Giannandrea at the helm of Google search and machine learning and AI taking increasingly larger roles in determining the search results. A core algorithm is too slow and static when compared with a system built around only desired outcomes which is the obvious end goal for Google (to have a system designed around a result and not a pre-conceived idea of a formula). You’ll also notice that the communication between different ranking signals also exists. Areas that can improve on their own data by knowing the data of other nodes will do so. Think of it as a Borg collective sharing information related to a task at hand but ignoring information from cubes on unrelated tasks. You could also view it like a well-run company where different divisions need to know what others are doing but not everything. The marketing department, for example, will need to know if the engineers will have a new product ready for launch on a set date but not need to know if the janitorial staff got paid that day. So What?! Why does any of this matter? Who cares if it’s a Borg collective or … I do. And you should, too. Understanding that the various systems work and communicate together as Mueller has discussed will dramatically help you when you’re troubleshooting problems or trying to understand rankings. No longer will we be able to look to one area in isolation when there is a problem. From what we’re hearing now we may see the impact in one area from issues in another, but if I’m right (and I’m pretty sure I am) this trend will be amplified dramatically. We’re heading toward a world where there is essentially only one factor that matters: Does the page you want to rank for a query match the user’s intent? Is it the best resource? It is through the communication between different areas of the algorithm that the shift can take place from a queen that simply is an algorithm built to process data and produce a result to an environment where the queen is programmed only with the desired outcome (or to create her own based on business objectives) and only responsible for understanding what signals indicate the best outcome has been met and send instructions to the other Borg cubes (read: ranking factors) on what they should be looking for. We’re truly entering a brave new SEO world. The significant progress Google is making in machine learning and AI is pushing it forward at an amazing if not alarming rate. I predict we’re looking at a full transformation in the next two or three years and a rapid move from here to there. We can try to fight it. We can just stick to our old strategies of simple cause-and-effect. Or we can evolve. We can view the more holistic whole that is coming about. Regardless of what we would personally like: Resistance is futile. (Sorry – you just knew I had to end on that!) ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts #Pubcon Day 2: Optimization Strategies for Humans and Algorithms Google’s Ad-Targeting Algorithms Accused of Discrimination Google to Provide 24-Hour AdWords Support Throughout the Work Week ADVERTISEMENT Dave Davies CEO at Beanstalk Internet Marketing, Inc. Dave Davies founded Beanstalk Internet Marketing, Inc. in 2004 after working in the industry for 3 years and is its ... [Read full bio] Advertisement Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Partner Stories How to Discover & Take Advantage of Hidden Ranks Search Podcast How to Build and Sell a Subscription-Based Company Ebooks The Beginner’s Guide to SEO Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Advertisement Advertisement Home Jobs About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Twitter Facebook Linkedin Instagram Youtube Google Pinterest Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Follow Us SEO ALL SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News ALL NEWS Most Read Paid search PPC Guide All Paid Search Paid Search 101 Digital Advertising Content Marketing All Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing Youtube Social media All Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Entrepreneur All Entrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management SEJ SUMMIT Advertise Toolbox
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Amazon May Be Making A New Smartphone International Business Times Eric Chiu 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL May regretting election call now, claims Nicola Sturgeon WATCH LIVE: Ex-FBI chief Comey testifies on Trump-Russia © Provided by IBT US Amazon’s best-known side ventures have been consumer electronics devices like the Echo and Fire, but the online retailer is potentially looking into a redo of a product at which it has failed: smartphones. Amazon is developing a smartphone series named Ice, Gadgets360 reports. The series will be powered by Google Android and intended to be a low-cost model for developing markets like India. Internally, the phone's specifications are expected to fit this mold. As Gadgets360 noted, one of the phones potentially will include a 5.2-inch to 5.5-inch display. Elsewhere, the phone will have a 13-megapixel rear-facing camera, 16GB of internal storage and a rear fingerprint scanner. While the price of the phone has yet to be confirmed, it’s expected to be around $93. Notably, Gadgets360 also noted the phone would feature Google’s Assistant program instead of Amazon’s Alexa virtual assistant. The move potentially could be a reflection of Alexa and Echo’s scope in regions it wants to launch Ice in — Alexa and the Echo family of home assistant speakers aren’t available in India yet, for instance — but Amazon could always bring Alexa to Ice down the road. Previously, Amazon dipped into the smartphone market with 2014’s Fire Phone. The premium smartphone, which came on the heels of Amazon’s Fire tablets, sported high-end specifications and Amazon-specific services like X-Ray. However, the phone was dinged by critics for middling features and was discontinued the following year. For Amazon, the move to the emerging market smartphone is a slight change in direction from its past consumer electronics announcements. Products like its Echo series of home assistants have generally been targeted at upscale users. However, the developing market has been a point of interest for other tech companies and Amazon potentially is the latest to join the fray. Among them, Google has had a long-standing interest in maintaining both high-end and entry-level smartphones for consumers. In 2014, Google launched its own Android One program, which provides standards and hardware options for smartphones in countries like Kenya, Pakistan and India. Google Android head Sundar Pichai has said he believes smartphones in these regions should come down to $30. The Amazon Ice series could benefit Amazon in other areas. For products like the Echo and Amazon Alexa, the online retailer has seen the upsides of expanding Alexa’s platform. Thanks to a growing user base and developer support, Alexa has been able to hop from the Echo to devices ranging from TVs to home appliances. Amazon’s own app and hardware ecosystem took a small hit with the Fire Phone’s failure — Amazon’s physical device family is limited to its Fire and Kindle series of tablets and e-readers — but the Ice could be a way for the company to keep its foothold in the smartphone hardware space. And while the phone primarily will use Google apps, Ice can still be a way to introduce more users to other Amazon services down the road. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from International Business Times Why SIM cards might soon be history International Business Times 5 expected features of Apple smart glasses International Business Times Photo Of Canadian Man Casually Mowing Lawn With Tornado Behind Him Goes Viral International Business Times International Business Times View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
On Air: 2-4pm weekdays Moncrieff From the bizarre to the logical, The Moncrieff show will make you think and laugh as it explores popular culture, politics, sex, farming, parenting, religion, psychology, news, science and pretty much everything else, every weekday from 2-4pm Show Info Share My Queue Listen Live Newstalk TV Podcasts Listen Back 60% Complete Watch Listen Off The Ball latest News Business & Tech Sport Life Shows Competitions Events BUSINESS AND TECH NEWS all Consumer Finance Product Reviews How to Tech BUSINESS AND TECH NEWS Acer 11 Chromebook: The ideal device for web-based work at less than €240 Running Chrome OS, this device makes cloud-computing a breeze Business & Tech 14:45 7 Jun 2017 Jessica Kelly 1 day ago You may wonder what €240 will get you in terms of technology. Acer's 11 CB3-131 Chromebook proves that you do not have to splash the cash to get a solid device.  For those who don't know, a Chromebook is a device that runs Google Chrome OS. It is not possible to install programmes, but there are a large number of apps available and it has full web browsing capability.   Is this for you?  If you're a student, like a browse online or carry out all of your work online and in the cloud, then yes. It's also handy for those who like to watch Netflix or YouTube. Out of the box this is a nice, sturdy device. It's probably not going to win any beauty competitions, but it is incredibly light and durable. It starts up within seconds and simply requires a Gmail address to set it up. From there, it's possible to avail of the full suite of Google Drive applications, YouTube, Gchat and Google Chrome. There's a lovely keyboard that makes for comfortable typing and there's a decent sized trackpad mouse too. The only thing that is slightly annoying is the division of the left and right click. It's a very small usability issue that one could get used to or simply purchase an external mouse. This is very much a "does what it says on the tin" type of device. It is not built to have files stored on the hard drive. It is the web-based user's ideal companion.  It's important to note, however, that there is no Ethernet port on this device. It would have been nice to have, but is by no means a necessity. There's Bluetooth connectivity and an SD card reader too.  Conclusion  Having purchased this device for €240, I was skeptical about how well it would perform, but it has really impressed me. It is nowhere near as fast as my MacBook Pro, but it is an entirely different beast. It is a robust machine that performs the tasks it was built to do incredibly well.  Aside from the ever-so-slightly annoying mouse, it ticks every box I needed it to. 14:45 7 Jun 2017 Jessica Kelly 1 day ago 2 Related articles Uber fires more than 20 people as part of harassment investigation Apple unveils HomePod smart speaker most popular latest sport #PornWeek: The A to Z - by way of XXX - of pornography How are Syrian refugees faring in Ballaghaderreen? Munster draw Racing 92 and Leicester again in Champions Cup Hideki Matsuyama added to Irish Open field site terms privacy advertise with us contact competitions apps appliancesdelivered.ie © Copyright 2015 - Newstalk Ltd. Reg #309181 Marconi House, Digges Lane, Dublin 2 Moncrieff × From the bizarre to the logical, The Moncrieff show will make you think and laugh as it explores popular culture, politics, sex, farming, parenting, religion, psychology, news, science and pretty much everything else, every weekday from 2-4pm Show page Close Share × Embed Code Social Close My Queue × Play QueueClose Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Morning Digest Yes No Daily Digest Yes No × Loading... Forgot your Newstalk password × Reset Password
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: June 9, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest BusinessNow Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Budget 2017 Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport Netball The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: June 9, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest BusinessNow Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Budget 2017 Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport Netball The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Tech Search Search boutique hotelsThe Original Hospitality Disrupter On LeadingThis Is How Occidental Petroleum’s CEO Led Through a Crisis Donald TrumpPresident Trump’s Aides Are Urging Him Not to Fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions Comey testimonyWhat to Expect From James Comey’s Testimony Apple This Is The Next Battleground For Apple, Google, Facebook, and Microsoft Jonathan Vanian Jun 07, 2017 The next battle between tech giants like Apple and Google may hinge on which one's technology is better for overlaying silly-looking mustaches on selfies. Augmented reality (AR), a much-hyped technology that superimposes digital graphics on the physical world, is a major focus for several of the world’s biggest technology companies. Facebook (fb), Microsoft (msft), Google (goog), and Apple (aapl) all highlighted AR at their annual developer conferences. The technology has the potential to become an important new avenue for interacting with computers and the world. People could use it to see digital menus of restaurants by waving their phones in front of shopfront windows or see how their new IKEA couch will fit into their living rooms. The interest by companies is being driven by a huge potential payday. AR-related sales could reach $80 billion in 2022, according to investment bank Woodside Capital. But there are many challenges before the AR business becomes anything close to lucrative. It was only a year ago that Facebook and Google were trumpeting AR’s cousin, virtual reality, as the next big thing. But slow sales of virtual reality headsets like Facebook’s Oculus Rift show that they are far from being must-haves because of roadblocks like price, a lack of compelling reasons to use them, and isolation from others while wearing bulky VR gear. Related UberUber’s Biggest Rival in India Says the Company Is ‘Despicable’ Uber Uber’s Biggest Rival in India Says the Company Is ‘Despicable’ In contrast AR doesn’t require people to spend hundreds of dollars on new computing gear. Instead, they can use their current smartphones and their cameras. Examples include Snapchat, which mostly young people use to take pictures and adorn them with fancy graphics on the fly, and Google's language translation app that people can use to translate text just by pointing their smartphone cameras at a sign. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. To succeed with their plans, companies like Facebook and Google need the help of outside developers to create compelling AR apps for their products. If they do so, they will reap the benefits of a new generation of apps that keep users glued to their respective platforms. The problem is that AR is still a relatively new to mainstream developers. Unlike with creating websites or smartphone apps, there’s no standardized way to build an AR app like last summer’s blockbuster mobile game Pokémon Go, which let people battle digital monsters overlaid on the real world. To court developers, Facebook, Google, Apple, and Microsoft have all unveiled their own AR software tools that they each claim will make creating AR apps easier. Each tool kit has it’s own positives, but also drawbacks. Google, for example, has a head start by debuting its Project Tango AR software kit in 2014, the first among the major tech companies to release such software. The search giant is making some inroads in popularizing the tools with big institutions like the Detroit Institute of Arts, which is using the technology to make its exhibits more interactive. Visitors can use smartphones provided by the museum to look at exhibits and see extras like a digital skeleton inside a mummy’s sarcophagus. Google’s big challenge, however, is that Project Tango is currently limited to only two compatible smartphones, the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro and the Asus ZenFone AR. Although these phones are powerful, they are hardly mainstream like Samsung phones and Apple iPhones. In April, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg revealed his company's own AR tools that he pitched as a way for developers to build compelling AR apps within Facebook, like the ability to leave digital messages for friends at their favorite local bars. Tim Merel, the managing director for the AR and VR mergers and acquisition advisory firm Digi-Capital, said that Facebook excels at convincing users to use new features soon after they debut, which could make the company a leader in AR. One example he cited was the social network's success in getting people to use the Stories feature for its photo service Instagram that lets people share videos and photos of events in their daily lives. Facebook said that its custom software makes it easier for developers to build AR apps that don’t require specialized smartphones. If the technology is as versatile as Facebook claims, developers may be able to make AR apps that work on many different phones. However, Facebook has work to do convincing developers that it's committed to its AR tools after suddenly shuttering its Parse toolkit for building mobile apps in 2016. Any doubts could make coders wary of building any AR apps for Facebook. Meanwhile, this week, Apple debuted its own AR tool kit, ARKit, which is intended to make it easier for coders to build AR apps for iPhones and iPads. Although it is playing catch up to Google and Facebook in focusing on AR, Apple has a long track record of catering to the needs of developers who make games for its iPhones and iPads. The rise of the iPhone ushered a wave of mobile video games that “essentially tripled the number of regular game players,” said Gartner vice president of research Brian Blau. By Apple pushing into AR, developers may create an AR app market that rivals the current mobile app market. But “Apple has a much tougher job attracting developers than they have before,” Blau said, citing increased competition from other big tech companies like Google. Meanwhile, Microsoft seems to be foregoing smartphones altogether when it comes to augmented reality. Instead, it’s pushing its own Windows operating system for personal computers as the preferred platform for AR developers. Microsoft’s HoloLens AR headset, which sells for over $3,000, is still far from affordable for most customers. It's currently being marketed to businesses for tasks like helping architects more easily design buildings. Although millions of developers build apps for Windows, it’s unclear if people want to use the cameras on their PCs to see digital images overlaid on the real world. For more about technology and finance, watch: “Steve Ballmer’s biggest regret is missing out on mobile,” said Merel. “Hopefully mobile AR won’t become Satya Nadella’s,” referring to Microsoft's current CEO. And while each of these big companies may be able to attract developers to build AR apps for their services, it’s no guarantee that people will use them. Since last summer’s Pokémon Go, there has yet to be a big breakthrough AR app, highlighting the still limited appetite for such apps and the years of hard work ahead in refining the technology. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Toggle navigation FxPips News Bitcoin News Commodities News Company News CryptoCurrency News Economic Indicators News Forex News Litecoin News Market News Stock Market News Technology News World News Bitcoin Technical Analysis Fundamental Analysis Reports Technical Analysis Reports Education Trade Setups Forex Brokers Binary Brokers Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Charts Bitcoin eBook Bitcoin News Bitcoin News Widget Bitcoin Technical Analysis Live Charts Signals Calendar / Company News / Market News / News / Technology News / Marissa Mayer Got $900,000 Weekly Salary from Yahoo Inc (YHOO), Was it Fair? Verizon to Buy Yahoo for $4.5 Billion Marissa Mayer Got $900,000 Weekly Salary from Yahoo Inc (YHOO), Was it Fair? Verizon to Buy Yahoo for $4.5 Billion posted by Chris Miranda on June 7, 2017 at 2:05 pm ACCORDING to Wall Street metrics, Marissa Mayer earned every penny of the over $900,000 a week she was paid in her 5 years leading Yahoo Inc (NASDAQ: YHOO). The question many market analysts are asking is: Is that fair? According to analysts, that is a “fair point”; it is one metric to determine whether any chief executive officer gets paid correctly or not. For CEO Mayer’s part, she was a beneficiary of the share price going up largely because Alibaba (NASDAQ: BABA) which owns a big share of the company was going up in value and for the fact that Mayer is covered in talent having been a huge part of Google Inc’s (GOOG) success. Mayer is almost like an athlete getting paid a huge contract for the performance they did before they got to another team. So in some level, that was the cost to get Mayer, and also when she was hired it was perceived that the value of the operating business was negative. During Mayer’s 5-year tenure at the pinnacle of Yahoo Inc (YHOO), clients shifted to Google, Facebook and other competitors, and the firm was hounded by large privacy breaches. By the time Yahoo Inc is absorbed by Verizon, Mayer will have raked in around $239 million. The 42-year old chief executive’s almost quarter of a billion dollars weekly paycheck is a very decent amount even by Silicon Valley’s high standards, while presiding over the company’s continued fall. By Wall Street’s most fundamental barometer, — Yahoo’s stock price — Mayer earned every penny she received. Yahoo’s share price rose over 300 percent during her tenure. After the $4.5 billion sale to Verizon, shareholders will still own an investment firm with $57 billion of stock in two Asian internet companies, Alibaba Group and Yahoo Japan. Mayer’s paycheck was mostly in stock and stock options, and she harvested the gains alongside the other major stockholders. Meanwhile, Yahoo shareholders will decide tomorrow (June 8) on whether to sell the company’s internet businesses to Verizon Communications for $4.48 billion. A yes vote, which is widely anticipated, would put an end to Mayer’s largely futile 5-year term to bring back the internet pioneer’s lost glory.   About Chris Miranda Chris writes mostly about the latest in the stock market, finance, tech and business. View all posts by Chris Miranda → Top Forex Brokers Top Binary Brokers 1 FXGiants Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 2 Trade 24 Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 3 Trading Banks Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 4 NSFX Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 1 OptioNow Real Account Read Reviews 2 Optionrally 24 Real Account Read Reviews Follow Us Newsletter Signup Popular Posts Zcash, the New Cryptocurrency, Makes “Deafening” Entry, Threatens Bitcoin, Ethereum Company Earnings Report, as of Nov. 4, 2016 70Trades Offers Free Demo Accounts to Improve Trading Skills Global Forex Pairs Trading – Europe & Americas, as of 2:25 a.m. Eastern Composite Leading Pct Declining Stocks, Jan. 10 Advertisement ABOUT US CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISE SITEMAP PARTNERS © 2017 FxPips.com. All rights reserved. Risk Disclaimer: Trading foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade foreign exchange you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts. × Read previous post: U.S. Labor Market Report: Today is a Great Time to Get a Job in the U.S. Here's what you need to know for Wednesday, June 7. Right now is a great time to get a job...Close
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Search Search Facebook Twitter Newsletter Linkedin Sections Secondary menu Trending Apple Watch Kodi Oculus Rift Samsung Galaxy S7 Sky Q iPad Pro iPhone 7 Election 2017: Labour is winning the fight for Google searches Politics Google searches seem to follow the broad narrative of the election campaign so far Alan Martin @alan_p_martin 7 Jun 2017 whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email As an unapologetic politics nerd, general elections are like my World Cup. But while football fans get their showpiece every four years, thanks to the cruelty of the Fixed-Term Parliaments Act 2011, I had to make do with one every five years. Assuming an average lifespan of 80 years, that adds up to four fewer elections than World Cups. And that’s not even taking European Championships into account. Thankfully, Theresa May took pity on me and my fellow nerds and killed off that rule, so we now have an election tomorrow. With less than 24 hours to go, I thought I’d return to the Google search trends I looked at during the first week of the campaign. I wanted to see if the unexpected narrative of the past two months – that it would be much closer than originally anticipated – was borne out by what people are telling Google. The short answer is “yes”, but there’s more to it than that. For example, are more people searching for more ambiguous terms because the media has told them it will be close, or because they’re genuinely reconsidering their vote? Let’s dig into the stats and try to find out. 1. The polling is right – smaller parties are getting squeezed Back in April, this was the search split between the five most-searched-for parties: Now? Two-party politics is back everyone! Stand down proportional representation campaigners: it turns out people are happy with the status quo. In April, Labour and the Tories shared 54% of the search traffic. Now it’s 71%. All the parties have been squeezed, but it’s the Liberal Democrats who have suffered the most, dropping from 26% to 15%. Conventional wisdom suggests that the Lib Dems lost their momentum when they failed to have a breakthrough in the 4 May local elections. Let’s see if that’s true: // Not obviously, in an immediate way. What seems to have happened is that the Labour Party has eaten Tim Farron’s lunch: However you slice it, though, it seems Theresa May’s message of “it’s me or Jeremy Corbyn in Downing Street” seems to have cut through. Unfortunately for her, that message seems to have resulted in a lot of people saying “I guess I’ll vote Corbyn then”. (And yes, it does bug me that I couldn’t put the Lib Dems as a yellow bar. Complaints to Google, not me.) 2. Search terms for Labour no longer reek of pessimism Back in April, these were the top search terms associated with the Labour Party. Now, things are looking a lot more rosey. “How many seats will Labour lose?” has dropped right off the list and “Will Labour win?” has come from nowhere, knocking “Can Labour win?” down to fourth place. The power of positive thinking. Yes, it’s semantics, but this mood stuff matters – it’s not necessarily positively for Labour, however. One school of thought says that the more people believe Labour can win, the higher the chance they’ll get out and vote Conservative. So consider this sudden Google change a double-edged sword. It’s why Tory leaflets overplay the chances of a Labour victory: it’s a deliberate strategy to get out the blue vote. My local Tory NP's leaflet is giving me hope that Corbyn can be prime minister... pic.twitter.com/8ubrbwPRpe — daniel ritchie (@DanRitchie1991) June 1, 2017 Nonetheless, the search terms for the Conservatives look a little more edgy than back in April too. Compare: To now: 3. People are beginning to take the prospect of a hung parliament seriously On 31 May, The Times published a shock YouGov projection forecasting a hung parliament. The British public replied with one clear voice. And that voice said: “What’s that then?” This week, it’s still the second most-searched-for general-election term: ...but on balance, they’re not taking it AS seriously as when we actually elected one seven years ago: But it’s clear that some people have short memories. 4. Skipping TV debates may have hurt Theresa May, but it’s done Amber Rudd no harm Theresa May doesn’t want to debate Jeremy Corbyn on TV. There are plenty of reasons for this and – I can’t stress this enough – none of them are anything to do with utter cowardice. None of them. They are, in fact, due to being too busy thinking about Brexit, prefering meeting voters face to face (at 7pm in the evening, apparently), having already debated Jeremy Corbyn at PMQs, and of course not wanting to exchange soundbites with other politicians. She's above that, and itjust wouldn’t look “very strong and stable” given the “coalition of chaos” any seven-way debate would inevitably end up being. Theresa May asked why she won't appear on tonight's #BBCDebate with other party leaders https://t.co/h9Ad0bpZ7a #GE2017 pic.twitter.com/maDxrKxLB6 — BBC News (UK) (@BBCNews) May 31, 2017 Anyway, home secretary Amber Rudd stepped up to the plate, and is now 11/2 to be next Tory leader. A lot of people ended up Googling her during the debate, which will have done her profile no harm at all: Caveats aplenty Of course, all of these things are just Google searches, and it’s not always possible to read sentiment into search. On top of this, different demographics use search differently, and some won’t use it to do their research at all. Given the generational split in announced voting intentions, these searches may well show nothing at all: 18-24 year olds voting intention: LAB: 68% CON: 16% LDEM: 8% GRN: 3% UKIP: 1% (via @ICMResearch)https://t.co/TmyU29HQVr — Britain Elects (@britainelects) June 3, 2017 Not to mention that parties spend a lot on Google ads. That’s why the Conservative Party bought up the term “Dementia Tax” and then denounced it as a scaremongering Labour term in the very same day. See related  General election 2017: This tool shows how political parties are manipulating you on Facebook 8 ways to win the general election with technology Is crowdfunding the future of politics? And of course, Google searches don’t even give us a full online picture. Plenty of people will have heard everything they need to know about the election through the incredibly shady world of unregulated Facebook advertising. What is clear, though, is that perceptions are changing – and the interesting thing about that is how they’re changing. The changed outlook is visible in the very search terms people use, and not the results the terms generate. You can be sure that the language will shift considerably on 9 June, when the winners and losers are no longer left to speculation. Read more about: Politics You are here: Home Politics Election 2017: Labour is winning the fight for Google searches Most Popular Draw the cats of your nightmares using machine learning 24 Feb 2017 Art Future supreme court justice stumped by Reddit meme 22 Mar 2017 Politics i.Con wants to be the Fitbit for your penis 3 Mar 2017 Life & Culture Netflix’s interactive experiment is (a) Good (b) Bad 9 Mar 2017 Netflix This e-paper wall calendar prototype is simple but brilliant 23 Mar 2017 Life & Culture Here's how to get the latest version of Kodi 19 May 2017 Software Huawei MateBook X review: almost the perfect ultraportable 4 5 Jun 2017 Intel Tesla Model 3: All you need to know 23 May 2017 Cars 63 Android apps you need: Supercharge your phone 2 Jun 2017 Google The 14 essential PS4 games to own in 2017 30 May 2017 Sony Technology Devices, software, wearables and more Prowling in Paris: Jaguar’s hunt for Formula E points Panasonic Jaguar Racing's team director James Barclay gives Alphr the inside track 8 Jun 2017 Cars Tesla Model Y: Elon Musk's new SUV revealed. Sort of The Tesla Model Y will be here by 2020 8 Jun 2017 Cars Audi wants to answer the ethical dilemmas of driverless cars Audi's Beyond initiative will help answer the question nobody wants to ask 7 Jun 2017 Cars HTC U11 review: A fantastic phone, beyond the gimmick 5 Shiny but pricey; HTC once again falls into the Samsung comparison trap 7 Jun 2017 HTC Business How technology is changing your work HeadBox signs up Dentsu Aegis for personalised platform HeadBox, the "Airbnb for venues" has signed up a major corporate client 8 Jun 2017 Startups 7 observations from the IoT World Forum 2017 Cisco’s Internet of Things World Forum was a timely reminder of just how big IoT is… and how much bigger it can get 26 May 2017 Business Just a few days left to apply for Apple's Developer Academy Apple’s first European Academy will be providing training on iOS development to those from a wealth of backgrounds 26 May 2017 Apple Raspberry Pi just extended its reach for young coders Raspberry Pi’s new merger gives it the scope to reach 185,000 children across the globe 26 May 2017 Raspberry Pi Science Developments from the frontiers of science Annoy a raven, and it’ll shun you for at least a month Quoth the raven: “Nevermore... am I trusting you, you big jerk” 7 Jun 2017 Bioscience The clever tech keeping South African rhinos alive Rhino poaching rates have dropped 96% in a year 5 Jun 2017 Environment Scientists read monkey minds to draw precise human portraits Facial reconstructions created by reading brainwaves are astonishingly close 5 Jun 2017 Bioscience "Miracle material" could end smashed smartphones Research creates new material that could make more durable devices and boost battery life 5 Jun 2017 Science Cars The cutting edge of automotive technology Prowling in Paris: Jaguar’s hunt for Formula E points Panasonic Jaguar Racing's team director James Barclay gives Alphr the inside track 8 Jun 2017 Cars Tesla Model Y: Elon Musk's new SUV revealed. Sort of The Tesla Model Y will be here by 2020 8 Jun 2017 Cars Audi wants to answer the ethical dilemmas of driverless cars Audi's Beyond initiative will help answer the question nobody wants to ask 7 Jun 2017 Cars New Jaguar I-Pace Concept: All you need to know This all-electric Jaguar SUV is coming VERY soon 5 Jun 2017 Cars Life & Culture How technology is changing our everyday lives Labour is winning the fight for Google searches Google searches seem to follow the broad narrative of the election campaign so far 7 Jun 2017 Politics Russia 'hacked voting systems before US election' Voter registration official also targeted by nation state - report 6 Jun 2017 Politics Wipeout Omega Collection is the series at its absolute best 5 Sony brings back its oldest IP in a blaze of 4K HDR glory 5 Jun 2017 Games Theresa May calls for internet crackdown in light of attack Former home secretary returns to the encryption battle again 5 Jun 2017 Politics The Future The world of 20 years from now Microsoft has built a holographic display for your glasses Move over HoloLens – this is the future of augmented-reality glasses 22 May 2017 Microsoft Microsoft CEO: It’s a developer's duty to prevent dystopia Microsoft’s CEO highlights Nineteen Eighty-Four and A Brave New World as examples of futures best avoided 11 May 2017 The Future Skyscraper competition gives a glimpse of the future Winners of international competition show utopian visions for futuristic cities 28 Apr 2017 The Future Neuralink: Musk's new plan to turn us into computers Neuralink might be the most sci-fi project yet from Elon Musk 28 Mar 2017 The Future Latest Reviews HTC U11 review: A fantastic phone, beyond the gimmick 7 Jun 2017 HTC Wipeout Omega Collection is the series at its absolute best 5 Jun 2017 Games Huawei MateBook X review: almost the perfect ultraportable 5 Jun 2017 Intel Tekken 7 review: Faster, Stronger, Sillier 2 Jun 2017 Games DJI Spark review: Hands-on with the ultimate selfie drone 2 Jun 2017 Technology Lexus LC500h review: We drive the best Lexus hybrid yet 1 Jun 2017 Cars Nokia 3310 review: A millennium throwback best left there 1 Jun 2017 Nokia BMW i8 review: Hybrid power redefines the supercar 25 May 2017 Cars New Nissan Micra review: Tech trickle down is happening 24 May 2017 Cars Lightning McQueen is Sphero's best robot yet 24 May 2017 Technology Ford Kuga review (2017): Solid tech in an affordable package 23 May 2017 Cars Huawei MateBook E: A genuine Surface Pro 4 challenger 23 May 2017 Huawei Back to top Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Newsletter About us Contact us Advertise with us Feeds Authors IT Pro Cloud Pro Expert Reviews More of our brands Affiliate Link Policy Privacy Notice © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Navigate Home Windows iPhone Android Windows 10 Web Applications Others Security Software Antivirus Software Firewall Malware and Spyware Password Manager PC Utilities Office Suites Desktop Enhancement File Converters Free Registry Cleaner Media Utilities Media Players Music Software Image & Photo Editors CD/DVD Burners Internet Tools Download Managers Email Clients Network Tools Plugins Facebook Twitter RSS Search Google Interland To Make Kids Understand How To Use Internet Safely 0 By Himanshu Tyagi on June 7, 2017 Web Applications Editor Ratings: User Ratings: [Total: 0    Average: 0/5] Google Interland is a new initiative from Google to make kids understand how to use the internet safely and make them aware of the potential internet threats. The idea is well implemented in form of different games which guides and teaches kids about internet security like strong passwords, information sharing i.e. with whom they should share personal info online, phishing attacks, and how to differentiate between a scam or untrusted website with an authentic and secure one, etc. Kids can explore 4 different kingdoms and become internet awesome by playing these simple games. Read the complete review to know about these different kingdoms where your kid can learn how to surf the internet safely. Sponsored Links How to use Google Interland and how it help kids to learn how to use the internet safely: Google Interland is a virtual world where Internauts live in 4 different Kingdoms i.e. Tower of Treasure, Kind Kingdom, Mindful Mountain, and Reality River. All these kingdoms convey different messages and how they can use the internet more smartly. Some examples are: Not to click on any suspicious pop-up. Not to download email attachment from any unrecognized person. Selectively choose to share information with others online. How to make a difference between trusted and fraud or spammy websites. Use strong passwords for online accounts. Protect themselves and others from cyberbullies and to report and block them. Let’s now see different Interland Kingdoms and how your kid can interact with them: Tower Of Treasure: In Tower of Treasure Kingdom of Google Interland, your kid will play as the Internaut and will build a strong password to secure the treasure tower from hackers. The main motive of this kingdom is to make kids understand that how they can make their online accounts more secure by using a strong password of upper and lower case letters, numbers, and special symbols. The kids have to control the Internaut across the kingdom land and collect letters to form a strong passphrase to lock the treasure tower door. Use the arrow keys to guide the Internaut and to prevent him from hitting rocks and other obstacles. A wicked hacker also tries to chase you down and will catch you if you make the Internaut fall. If you are killed, don’t worry as there are an unlimited number of chances to complete the game. In the first mission, you have to collect all the lowercase letters and then followed by all the uppercase letters and numbers. Once you complete a mission, a phrase is formed from the collected letters or numbers. In the end, all the passphrases from all the missions are combined to form an ultimate password to lock Treasure Tower. Kind Kingdom: Kind Kingdom of Interland teaches kids to be kind and how to tackle cyberbullies online. The main motive is to ask kids to report and block anything suspicious in the online world. As usual, you will play as Internaut who is the messenger of kindness in this Kingdom and will spread love and positive vibes to other internauts. The only challenge is to outsmart the cyberbullies in the game as they will try to take over and spread negativity to others. You need to go at the top of the Kind Kingdom to win this game. You can use the arrow keys to move the Internaut to move around and collect the hearts and use the spacebar key to send good vibes to other internauts. In order to outsmart cyberbullies, you can block them using a button at a level which prevents other internauts from their influence. After you reach the top of the kingdom, you win this game and can explore another exciting kingdom described below. Reality River: The Reality River Kingdom of Interland makes your kids familiar with internet security attacks and how to trust different sites on the internet. It is basically a quiz in which your kid is asked different questions related to internet security like what are trust signals of sites, how will react when you receive an email attachment from a cousin who is not in touch from months, and so on. The game progresses as you the internet and your motive is to cross the Reality River which flows in the middle of this Kingdom. For each correct answer, you take a step ahead and if you get it wrong then you will fall in the river. However, there are unlimited chances to finish the game and to learn from your mistakes i.e. learn correct answers. You will be asked 10 questions and you have to answer all of them to make it to the other side of the river. Mindful Mountain: The Mindful Mountain Kingdom of Interland makes your kid understand which information can be shared with others and to hide sensitive information from others in the online world. The gameplay of this kingdom is a bit tricky and can require assistance from you to continue. Your kid will be shown a piece of information and with whom he should share that info, as you can see in the screenshot below. After that, your kid has to move the fire gun stand and fire it on the right person on the map to share the information. The twists in the game are that there are hackers on the map as well and you need to make sure that information doesn’t pass through them.To make things more challenging, there are mirrors on the map which reflect your information to different directions based on their position and rotation angle which can transfer the information to be shared to the hackers. So, you need to figure out a way on the map to transfer information to only to the intended users. In case you choose a different way and the info is passed, then a message is shown in which its potential danger is mentioned. You can then start again and choose to transfer the info from a secure channel by firing the laser. Use the arrow keys to adjust the fire gun stand and hit the Enter key to fire. This activity will help your kids to understand how important is to hide sensitive info from others. Verdict: Google Interland is a very cool platform which your kids can explore and understand how to surf the internet safely, protect themselves from cyberbullies, and phishing attacks. I will totally recommend you give to your kids a tour to Interland as they can learn about this technical stuff in a very interactive manner i.e. playing games, they can learn and play at the same time. Visit Google Interland. Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn more Pinterest Tumblr Email Editor Ratings: User Ratings: [Total: 0    Average: 0/5] Home Page URL: Click Here Free/Paid: Free Himanshu Tyagi A normal guy with a little sense of humor. Die hard fan of Eminem & Linkin Park. Loves to play Clash of Clans. Passionate Geek ;) Recent Posts By Me June 6, 2017 Microsoft Face Swap App for Android To Create Funny Face Memes June 5, 2017 5 Free Fake Tweet Generator Websites June 4, 2017 How To Bulk Delete Tweets With Specific Words 14K likes 2568 followers 16098 subscribers IlovefreesoftwareTV subscribe Latest Videos Popular Channel Info Browse more » Browse more » Total subscribers: 326 Total uploads: 327 Total upload views: 114.7 thousand Featured Posts June 7, 2017 3 Free Tide Prediction Software For Windows, Predict Low High Tides June 7, 2017 5 Free AZW3 To PDF Converter Websites June 6, 2017 5 Free Android Apps to Teach Kids How to Spell June 5, 2017 5 Free Websites to Teach Kids How to Spell June 5, 2017 5 Free Online DjVu To PDF Converter Websites Recent Posts June 7, 2017 3 Free Tide Prediction Software For Windows, Predict Low High Tides June 7, 2017 How to Setup an HTTP Server For File Sharing June 7, 2017 How to Generate an Index File from All Files Present in a Folder June 7, 2017 5 Free AZW3 To PDF Converter Websites June 7, 2017 How To Reset Zoom Level To 100% When Microsoft Edge Starts Windows Free Software to Type Foreign Accents, Characters in any Application Free Simple Software to Remote Control PC with 2-Way File Transfer Free Screen Recorder To Record Mouse Clicks, Keystrokes iOS & Android 5 Free Fidget Spinner Games For iPhone How To Record Specific iPhone Screen Area Free iPhone Git Client With Offline Code Editing And Multiple Accounts Support Web Apps Google Interland To Make Kids Understand How To Use Internet Safely 5 Free Online Fidget Spinner Websites Data Visualization Website by Google to Create Animated GIF of Data About Us | Write for Us | Submit Software | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Disclosure | Advertise With Us Copyright © 2017 I Love Free Software. Powered by WordPress Advertisment ad adsense adlogger
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Thursday, June 8, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Trump Pressure Started Early, Comey Says Drama Expected as Fired F.B.I. Chief Testifies Today By MATT APUZZO and MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT James B. Comey, the former F.B.I. director, plans to testify that he told President Trump he was not under investigation and that Mr. Trump pressed him to say so publicly. Mr. Comey is scheduled to take questions from the Senate Intelligence Committee today at 10 a.m. Eastern. We’ll have live video and analysis.  Comments Live Updates: Key Questions About the Hearing 9:31 AM ET News Analysis Comey Puts Political Savvy on Display By PETER BAKER and GLENN THRUSH Mr. Comey, a shrewd veteran of Washington, has shown why presidents are normally loath to fire their F.B.I. directors. Democrats Once Had Only Contempt for Comey. But That Was Then. Jared Kushner met with didn’t immediately disclose meetings on Kislyak Gorkov F.B.I. questionnaire Michael Flynn paid by lobbied for met with misled State media Turkey Kislyak F.B.I. Pence Jeff Sessions met with didn’t disclose meetings at Kislyak Senate hearing How 7 Trump Associates Have Been Linked to Russia Several associates of President Trump are under scrutiny by the F.B.I. and Congress for their Russian connections. By JASMINE C. LEE and ALICIA PARLAPIANO Free Drinks and Viewing Parties for ‘Must-See TV’ By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM and KATIE ROGERS As if it were the first day of the N.C.A.A. tournament, the Comey hearing may bring the workday to a standstill. “They really should declare a national holiday,” said the journalist Sally Quinn. 3:12 What Congress Will Ask Comey By A.J. CHAVAR, MATT APUZZO and ROBIN STEIN Reading Between the Lines of Comey’s Prepared Testimony Your Guide to All the Comey News What to Look For as Britain Votes Today in an Early Election By STEVEN ERLANGER and STEPHEN CASTLE The large victory Prime Minister Theresa May had once envisioned seems less likely, and much will depend on last-minute decisions and the turnout.  Comments Related Coverage May Stumbles Awkwardly to Election Day British Voters on the Issues The U.K. Election, in Pictures 8:18 AM ET Trump Has Busy Day in Vortex of Middle East Relations By DAVID E. SANGER, MARK LANDLER and ERIC SCHMITT The president’s bid to be a peacemaker between Qatar and its neighbors, and a daylong effort to express sympathy to Iran after a terrorist attack, show the region’s complexities. Iran Calls Trump’s Response to Attacks ‘Repugnant’; Toll Rises to 17 Senator Provides Trump Policy to Match Rhetoric By MAGGIE HABERMAN and MATT FLEGENHEIMER 5:00 AM ET Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas has emerged as a key resource for the White House in applying conservative policy to the unorthodox brand of “Trumpism.” House Is Trying to Repeal Post-Crash Wall St. Regulations By ALAN RAPPEPORT 5:00 AM ET Republicans have vowed to dismantle the Dodd-Frank legislation, enacted after the financial crisis, but their bill faces long odds of becoming law.  Comments Highlights of the House Bill 5:00 AM ET Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Your Thursday Briefing By CHRIS STANFORD 6:16 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. New York Today: A City Library, on the Subway California Today: Scenes From an Unusual College By MIKE McPHATE 8:44 AM ET Plus, a proposal to bring internet for all to San Francisco. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ We talk through James Comey’s prepared remarks for the Senate Intelligence Committee hearing today and what President Trump might have meant when he said, “We had that thing, you know.” Audio Follow The Daily: iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Smarter Living Phys Ed Why Running May Be Good for Your Back By GRETCHEN REYNOLDS People who regularly jog or walk briskly appear to have healthier discs in their spines than people who do not exercise.  Comments The Benefits of Talking to Yourself Out Loud By KRISTIN WONG 5:45 AM ET Self-talk is sometimes looked at as just an eccentric quirk, but research has found that it can influence behavior and cognition. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Prosecutors Turn to Expert Witnesses in Cosby Trial By GRAHAM BOWLEY 5:00 AM ET The major witnesses against Bill Cosby — two women who accused him of sexual assault — have testified, but prosecutors will try to buttress their accounts as the trial enters its fourth day. Sign Up for Updates Treatment of Women by Powerful Men Has Its Day in Court Visa Shortage Spurs Job Vacancies at a Tourist Getaway By MIRIAM JORDAN 7:54 AM ET The tourism industry on Mackinac Island, Mich., and other regional industries that define the American summer are stuck in the middle of a struggle over jobs and who should be doing them. Review: ‘The Mummy’ Deserves a Quick Burial By A. O. SCOTT This reboot of a monster franchise, starring Tom Cruise, could have been creepy or campy, but it settles for the dreary action-blockbuster template.  Comments City University of New York Moves to Rein In Foundations By DAVID W. CHEN Under investigation for the improper use of money from a City College research fund, CUNY is proposing stricter controls. The Daily 360 1:41 Guns Pulled Off Streets of Baltimore Niko Koppel/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News ISIS Has Killed Hundreds of Civilians in Mosul, U.N. Says 8:53 AM ET 4 Key Points at a Meeting on the E.U.’s Economic Future Montana Republican Charged With Assaulting Reporter Apologizes Uber Fires Executive Over Handling of Rape Inquiry Golden State Warriors Are One Game Away From Postseason Perfection Morning Briefing: Australia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Australia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Asia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Asia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Europe Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Europe. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing The news and stories that matter. Delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Australian Politics Is Open to Foreign Cash, and China Has Much to Gain A recent report raised questions about Chinese interference in Australia’s political system, where foreign campaign donations are legal and difficult to track. How Not to Talk About Terrorism These politicians cheer on every advance of the security state but then suddenly scorch those who run it. Are Australia’s Politics Too Easy to Corrupt? Few democracies have campaign finance laws as lax as Australia’s, and China is not the only big spender cozying up to its politicians. Plus, recommendations from Melbourne. Best of Late Night: Getting Ready for Comey Like many others, late-night hosts were eagerly awaiting the Senate appearance by James B. Comey, the former director of the F.B.I. 36 Hours in the Finger Lakes Region of New York Vineyards, rolling farmland, waterfalls and culturally rich towns surround these 11 sinuous lakes in west-central New York. Aziz Ansari Is Still Searching A hit Netflix show. A best-selling (and scholarly!) book. A powerful “S.N.L.” monologue. Can you blame him for wanting to hide? The Opinion Pages Editorials James Comey and the Fear of Being Alone With Donald Trump The key challenge for James Comey’s successor will be to protect the agency’s independence. Trump Picks Sides, Not Diplomacy, in the Gulf Rather than easing Middle East tension, the president has sided with Gulf states in their dangerous rivalry with Qatar.  Comments Join us on Facebook » Jared Kushner’s Not-So-Secret Channel to Putin By EVELYN N. FARKAS When you talk to the head of a Russian bank or oil company, you are often talking to the Kremlin.  Comments Blow: Comey Cometh Collins: Guess What Week It Is? Kristof: Comey and Our Own Tin-Pot Despot Stephens: Trump Wrote a Cookbook Edsall: The Democratic Party Is in Worse Shape Than You Thought Greenhouse: What the Judges Know About Trump User Subscriptions Live From Mosul: A Photographer’s Perspective A U-Boat Strikes and Terror Follows on the High Seas Times Insider » Live From Mosul: A Photographer’s Perspective The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Media Men Take New Paths, and Ads Tag Along Opinion Yoga Teachers Need a Code of Ethics Sports Gold Saturates the N.B.A. and N.H.L. Finals Well The Importance of School Lunches Opinion Errol Morris: Who Is Dangerous, and Who Dies? An appalling and racialized standard of “future dangerousness” has been used to condemn defendants. This lawyer fought it. Times Insider Tracing the Roots of a Murdered Drug Dealer N.Y. / Region After 32 Years, Central Park Chief to Step Down Opinion I Lost My Voice, but Help Others Find Theirs Being blind wasn’t going to stop me from becoming a journalist. But another illness almost did. Food Food. Plate. Room. Simple Done Right. Theater ‘Groundhog Day’: 300 Costume Changes Opinion The Disquiet of a Relaxed Uncertainty The new masochism of nations: The worse things get, the worse we want to make them, writes Howard Jacobson. The Upshot An Idea for a Bipartisan Paid Leave Plan Sections World » What to Look for as U.K. Voters Go to the Polls in a Volatile Year Iran Calls Trump’s Response to Attacks ‘Repugnant’; Toll Rises to 17 Wreckage of Missing Myanmar Military Plane Is Found Business Day » Digging the Graveyard of Oil’s Past House Poised to Pass Bill Taking Aim at Dodd-Frank Regulations How House Bill Would Dismantle an Array of Dodd-Frank Reforms Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Jared Kushner’s Not-So-Secret Channel to Putin Editorial: James Comey and the Fear of Being Alone With Donald Trump Charles M. Blow: James Comey Cometh U.S. » Visa Shortage Spurs Vacancies, for Jobs, at a Tourist Getaway Brownback Tax Cuts Set Off a Revolt by Kansas Republicans How Student Loan Forgiveness Changed Graduates’ Paths Technology » Uber Fires Executive Over Handling of Rape Investigation in India Five Big Tech Stocks Build Market Euphoria, and Jitters Facebook’s Role in European Elections Under Scrutiny Arts » Cosby Trial Live Briefing: Bill Cosby Trial Day 4: What to Expect News Analysis: In Cosby Trial, Treatment of Women by Powerful Men Has Its Day in Court On Comedy: An American Comic on a Russian Channel: What He Avoids Speaks Volumes Politics » Live Briefing: Live Briefing: Comey Testimony and Key Questions About the Hearing Political memo: As Trump’s Coach, Senator Cotton Provides Policy to Match Rhetoric News Analysis: Comey’s Political Shrewdness Is on Display in Tussle With Trump Fashion & Style » Cover Story: Aziz Ansari Is Still Searching Unbuttoned: A Primer on Power Dressing From ‘House of Cards’ List of Five: Eddie Huang Isn’t Afraid to Wear Fur and Vintage Versace Movies » Review: ‘The Mummy,’ With Tom Cruise, Deserves a Quick Burial When the Grip Is a Woman (and the Gaffer and the Camera Operator, Too) Black Queer Brooklyn on Film Focuses on Diverse Voices New York » New York Today: New York Today: A City Library, on the Subway Solved: The 47-Year Mystery of a Murder Victim’s Many Identities No Bail for Man Accused of Shooting Child on His 5th Birthday Sports » Warriors 118, Cavaliers 113 | Golden State leads series, 3-0: Late Surge Puts Warriors One Step From Postseason Perfection Take a Lap in the World’s Most Dangerous Race Mets 4, Rangers 3: Bullpen Surrenders Zack Wheeler’s Lead, but the Mets Prevail Theater » Review: In ‘Cost of Living,’ a Familiar Alienation Review: ‘Raw Bacon’ Finds Fearful Poetry in an Iraq War Vet’s Mind Curtains for the Pearl, as the Theater Company Files for Bankruptcy Science » Matter: Oldest Fossils of Homo Sapiens Found in Morocco, Altering History of Our Species Asia’s Illegal Wildlife Trade Makes Tigers a Farm-to-Table Meal The Mummies’ Medical Secrets? They’re Perfectly Preserved Obituaries » Juan Goytisolo, Audacious Spanish Novelist, Is Dead at 86 Elena Verdugo, Who Lifted Latina Image on TV, Dies at 92 Charles Simmons, Novelist and Critic, Dies at 92 Television » Cosby Trial Live Briefing: Bill Cosby Trial Day 4: What to Expect A Familiar TV Face, Pulling an Improvised Life Out of a Bowl Critic's Notebook: The Trump Administration Shakes ‘House of Cards’ Hard Health » Better Health Through the ‘Lassie Effect’ Obamacare Didn’t Destroy Insurance Markets, but It Also Didn’t Fix Them How Worried Should Cat Owners Be About Toxoplasmosis? Travel » 36 Hours: 36 Hours in the Finger Lakes Region of New York Heads Up: Refining the Florida Keys Frugal Traveler: Vibrant and Seductive Seville, Easy on the Wallet Books » Books of The Times: A Spirited Widow and a Monstrous Serpent Propel a Lush Novel Books of The Times: Soft Children Confront a Hard World in Maile Meloy’s New Novel Books of The Times: Arundhati Roy’s Long-Awaited Novel Is an Ambitious Look at Turmoil in India Education » Your Money: When Colleges Dangle Money to Lure Students Who Ignored Them Dozens of Middlebury Students Are Disciplined for Charles Murray Protest Messages to Graduates: Stand Up, Fight Back, Speak Out Food » A Chef’s Quest in India: Win Respect for Its Cooking How Cold Brew Changed the Coffee Business An Ingredient Yotam Ottolenghi Can’t Do Without Sunday Review » The Six-Day War at 50: The Past 50 Years of Israeli Occupation. And the Next. Editorial: America in Retreat Frank Bruni: These Campus Inquisitions Must Stop Real Estate » International Real Estate: House Hunting in … Sweden Living In: Edgewater, N.J.: A Riverside Borough, With Quirks What You Get: $800,000 Homes in New Hampshire, Washington and Pennsylvania The Upshot » Taking a Toll: How Prejudice Can Harm Your Health Work-Life Balance: What a Bipartisan Paid Leave Plan Might Look Like Magazine » Feature: The Bounty Hunter of Wall Street Eat: How Did I Not Know About Pork Gyros? Still Processing: Debating ‘Wonder Woman’ and Summer Jams Automobiles » Bits: Why Car Companies Are Hiring Computer Security Experts G.M. and Tesla Shareholders Rebuff Dissidents’ Proposals Bits: Robot Cars Can’t Count on Us in an Emergency T Magazine » On the Verge: Meet the Young Designer Making Very Interesting Furniture From the Archives: 48 Hours With the CFDA Emerging Talent Award Winners Market Report: 6 Cabana Shirts With Throwback Appeal Times Insider » First Thought at The Times’s Kabul Bureau: We Are Under Attack Clues to a Jane Doe’s Beginning 30 Years Before Her Violent End Picturing the First World War: A U-Boat Strikes and Terror Follows on the High Seas Real Estate » Living In Edgewater, N.J.: A Riverside Borough, With Quirks By JULIE LASKY Hugging the Hudson River, Edgewater is home to a colony of monk parrots, an exotic Japanese food hall and a swamped historic ferryboat.  Comments Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Why smartphone security is a luxury for those who can afford it - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts Day With Dad Contest LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Day With Dad Contest Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Why smartphone security is a luxury for those who can afford it Posted: Wednesday, June 7, 2017 9:53 AM EDT Updated: Wednesday, June 7, 2017 1:24 PM EDT The closed system Apple has built means that everyone who has an iOS device gets access to the same software and security updates at (about) the same time. Google's Android has not created this access yet. By Selena Larson SAN FRANCISCO (CNNMoney) -- If you're a low-income American, there's a good chance you have an an Android. And unless it's a newer model with recent software updates, your security could be at risk. Two competing operating systems own the real estate in our smartphones: Apple's iOS and Google's Android. Apple's phones are expensive -- the cheapest model starts at $400. Meanwhile, some Android phones cost less than $50. The closed system Appl has built means that everyone who has an iOS device gets access to the same software and security updates at (about) the same time. Android, though, is much more fragmented. Mary Madden, a researcher with Data & Society, says low income people are more reliant on their phones as the primary form of internet access. This is how they pay bills, connect with friends and family, and access education and work opportunities. "All of these differences in digital security are important because they can result in disproportionate levels of surveillance such as law enforcement monitoring during protests or a greater likelihood that low-income smartphone users will experience malware attacks," Madden told CNNTech. More malware is written for Androids than iPhones. On top of that, almost half of the top 50 Android devices didn't have the most recent security updates by the end of 2016, according to Google. Even if your phone is only a year or two out of date, it's vulnerable to some very simple hacks, says Nathan Freitas, a fellow at Harvard's Berkman Center for Internet and Society. "It doesn't take much for your adversary to get into your [Android] device, and that's a big problem." When Google releases an update to Android, it takes a while to get to consumers, unless you have a Google-branded phone like the Pixel. Carriers and device makers customize Android with different apps and services, and there are at least 11 different versions of Android. Each customized version has to be updated separately by the carrier or device maker before rolling out to consumers. Google, for its part, is constantly working to improve device security. Recently, it introduced Google Play Protect, which monitors Android devices and alerts you if there are security risks. And its line of inexpensive laptops -- Chromebooks -- are regarded by experts as some of the most secure computers you can buy. Last year, the FCC and FTC launched an inquiry into mobile security updates, and asked mobile carriers and device manufacturers to explain the process of releasing security updates. The results have not been released, however the FCC told CNN Tech that they have received responses and are reviewing results. Why this matters Android is slightly more popular in the U.S. than iOS, with 53% of smartphone users on Google's operating system, compared to 45% on Apple. Globally, Android is significantly more popular -- almost 90% of phones shipped in the third quarter of 2016 ran Android. In India, 97% of smartphones are Android, Quartz reports, and many of them cost less than $100. But the demographics break out even further: College-educated people tend to buy iPhones over Androids; Androids are more popular with low-income Americans; and African-Americans are more likely to have an Android than an iPhone. This gap between the security haves and have nots is often called the "digital security divide," which researcher Chris Soghoian described in a 2016 Ted Talk. According to Malkia Cyril, founder and executive director of the Center for Media Justice, the digital security divide disproportionately affects communities of color, and having secure phones not only protects someone's data, but their rights. Android fragmentation Beyond security updates, there are other differences between the brands. Apple's default messenger is iMessage, which is encrypted when you chat with other iOS users. Texting on Android isn't encrypted by default, and full-disk encryption isn't mandatory on all Android phones. The security differences between Android and iOS are also a problem for developers. People who build apps -- especially those with secure functionality -- have to build multiple versions for Android and potentially decide not to support outdated phones. Florencia Herra-Vega, CTO at secure messaging app Peerio, says her team has to determine whether it's responsible to allow a customer to install the app if they're running an old, unpatched version of Android. The problem with closed systems Freitas, the Berkman Center fellow, is also head of the Guardian Project, an organization that creates secure mobile software. He educates groups in developing countries about mobile security and often switches them over to Android One, Google's low-cost Android devices available outside of the U.S. They are secure by default and run the latest version of Android. But Freitas says that while Android can be less secure than iOS, it has benefits, especially in countries where app store content might be policed. Android allows something called "sideloading," which means you can install apps without downloading them from the Google Play Store or other Android app stores. "The very thing that allows malware on Android phones also allows activists to access software that might be banned in their country," Freitas said. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
The billion dollar war over maps - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts Day With Dad Contest LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Day With Dad Contest Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases The billion dollar war over maps Posted: Wednesday, June 7, 2017 9:23 AM EDT Updated: Wednesday, June 7, 2017 11:25 AM EDT Ford's self-driving cars use 3D maps to navigate snowy roads. By Seth Fiegerman NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- During a test drive near Ford's Michigan headquarters, the team noticed something strange with its self-driving cars. Each car shifted slightly at the same point in the lane "as if they were avoiding a pothole," says Jim McBride, Ford's senior technical leader for autonomous cars. The problem wasn't the cars -- it was the map. The team had just updated its 3D map of the test route, which helps guide self-driving cars. But a minor glitch caused one pixel on the map to have the wrong data value. It told the car a spot in the ground was raised 10 inches, when it was perfectly level. "The new map looked perfect to the human eye," McBride says. But not to the eye of a self-driving car. "A single incorrect pixel," he says, was enough to throw off the cars. The power of that tiny mapping glitch, which happened a few years ago, highlights the newfound importance of a product many consumers likely take for granted. For much of the last decade, digital maps have helped people pull up basic directions while walking and driving. But tech and auto companies are investing in a new generation of maps for a much more demanding audience: self-driving cars. These maps, often referred to as HD maps, go far beyond basic turn-by-turn directions. Some incorporate continuously updating data on lane markings, street signs, traffic signals, potholes and even the height of a curb -- all down to the centimeter. The maps help the car place itself in the world with a greater degree of accuracy, augmenting the sensors in the vehicle. As an example, McBride says maps can guide cars when the lane markings are covered by snow or a truck is blocking the car's view of a traffic signal. It can also free up car sensors to focus on detecting objects not included on the map, like pedestrians. Maps may not get as much attention as videos of self-driving cars on the road, or the LIDAR laser sensors at the heart of a blockbuster lawsuit between Uber and Google. But they are a key piece of the puzzle under the hood. Maps could help ensure safer deployment of self-driving cars in the next years. And they may just have the potential to create a new billion-dollar industry. "If you have an autonomous car, then the map is not going to be an optional feature," says John Ristevski, former VP of Here, a mapping business once owned by Nokia that offers HD maps. "It's going to be a core component of the vehicle that will produce ongoing revenue." Unlike traditional navigation systems sold by companies like TomTom, HD maps may need to be updated as much as daily for certain regions. For example, a busy city street that goes through construction and pedestrian areas might need more frequent data than a long, uninterrupted freeway. Ristevski says that opens up the possibility of a subscription model that could one day bring in "billions" for mapping companies. The race to build up this next generation of maps is only getting more crowded. Google, Uber, Ford and others are each working to collect data for HD maps with sensors in their autonomous cars. At Waymo, Google's self-driving car division, staffers parse out the data collected to identify objects like driveways and fire hydrants. The cars then "automatically send reports back to our mapping team whenever they detect changes" like construction, according to the company. But this approach is difficult even for companies with a strong bench of technical talent. "If you thought creating regular maps for Google was hard, creating self-driving maps is much, much harder," says Brian McClendon, Uber's former VP of maps who previously worked on Google Maps. "The amount of data involved is huge. The precision required is very hard as well." A number of automakers, including General Motors and Volkswagen, have opted to lean more on third-party services to get their maps off the ground. Mobileye, a self-driving car firm recently acquired by Intel for $15 billion, inked agreements in April with Volkswagen, BMW and Nissan for a mapping product. The goal is to pool together mapping data from car manufacturers "to generate as much scale as possible," says Dan Galves, Mobileye's chief communications officer. "You can spend the money, hire the people -- assuming you can hire the right guys -- but that will take years. That happens too late for this race," says James Wu, a veteran of the mapping teams at Google and Apple. His startup, DeepMap, announced $32 million in funding last month that will provide a "full-stack mapping service" to companies. Other mapping startups like Civil Maps, backed by Ford, and Mapbox are also working with automakers. Carmera, another startup, came out of stealth mode this week with $6.4 million in funding and plans to crowdsource "real-time" data for maps. That includes offering "pedestrian analytics" and a "real-time event feed" for construction and road closures. Google remains the obvious frontrunner. The company has deep pockets and a longer history investing in self-driving cars and mapping products like Street View and Google Earth. Lars Rasmussen, co-creator of Google Maps, remembers Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin telling his team years ago that they'd "have to spend billions of dollars" on maps "and it's worth it." "I think one of the reasons that [maps] excited Larry was that he had this idea of self-driving cars," says Rasmussen, who left Google for Facebook in 2010. Google may have won the first online mapping battle (sorry Apple), but the HD maps market is still in its early days. The winner -- or winners -- is far from the finish line. If you believe self-driving cars will eventually operate everywhere, then every city and street will need to be mapped out in granular detail. To put that in context, Uber's self-driving car team is currently mapping just one city, according to its website: Toronto. "It's a green field," says Sravan Puttagunta, founder and CEO of CivilMaps. "No company has established a majority market share, and even the ones that have a couple cities are spending billions maintaining those maps." As the race heats up, there is a lingering question in the industry about how useful these costly maps will be down the road. Some argue the cars will eventually get smart enough, with deep learning technology, not to need to rely on extensive maps. "In the short term, I can see where it's vital, but that long term may not even be 10 years," says Rebecca Lindland, executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book. The "conundrum," she says, is just as comprehensive maps hit the market, car companies "don't need them anymore." The team at Ford is "looking at the possibility" of developing algorithms for the car that don't require a prior map, according to McBride. But he's skeptical of ditching maps entirely. "You'd still save the data that you took the first time you drove there," McBride says, "and use it for the second, third and tenth time to make it better." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Pocket-lint search News Reviews Features Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Which is the best music streaming service in the UK? Apple Music vs Spotify and more Max Langridge7 June 2017Apps Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Music streaming is by the most popular way for us to consume music. Where once we had to import and rip CDs to our computers, or download songs (legally we hope), we now access to the world's music catalogue through our smartphones. There's fierce competition between music streaming services too, but out of all the services available, there four that can be considered the "big players": Spotify, Apple Music, Google Play Music and Amazon Music Unlimited. While all four offer access to similarly large catalogues of music, each have their own unique features to help differentiate. Which means picking the service that is right for you can be tricky. Fortunately, we're here to help run down the services available and what they offer. Quick Summary Apple Music is an ideal service if you rely heavily on iTunes and have an iPhone. It combines your iTunes library on your computer, with any songs you add from Apple Music's cloud servers. The catalogue is extensive, it gives you access to music videos, along with some exclusive content from select artists. It also has the 24 hour Beats 1 radio station, which is a great place to discover new music. Spotify is the current King of music streaming, with over 50 million paying subscribers. You can add your own music to your Spotify library, but it's not as simple and straightforward as Apple's offering. Spotify can be accessed on a wide range of speakers, soundbars and other home entertainment equipment via Spotify Connect. Google Play Music will let you add up to 50,000 of your own songs to your online library, which you can then download for offline listening across devices, providing you pay for the Unlimited tier. It has an instant sharing platform through Google+ and is available on a wide range of devices. Amazon Music Unlimited is the latest service to the streaming party but has arrived with a few party tricks. It has different pricing tiers for exactly the same content, depending on if you're a Prime subscriber or if you just want to use it through an Echo device. Apple Music What is it?: Apple Music is a service with access to tens of millions of songs. It has been designed to combine music you have bought with music you've saved from Apple's cloud services in the Apple Music library. The app has five tabs/features comprising Library, For You, Browse, Radio, and Search. The For You tab serves up a mix of handpicked albums and playlists based on the music you like, while the Browse tab presents the week's newest tracks, videos and playlists that have been selected by Apple Music editors. The Radio tab is where you'll find Beats 1, which is a 24-hour live global station led by DJs such as Zane Lowe, Ebro Darden, and Julie Adenuga, as well as other expertly-created stations created by radio DJs. Library is where you'll find all your music, whether it be songs you've imported from your computer, songs you've bought from iTunes or songs you've added from Apple Music's servers. And finally, Search is where you, well, search for any music you want. Siri has been programmed to work with Apple Music so you can ask her to play the best songs from 1994... and she will do just that. Once you've started playing a song, you can swipe up to reveal the next songs in the playing queue or lyrics to the song that is currently playing (you'll only get these features if you have iOS 10 installed).  If the song you're listening to isn't in your library, you can add it, add it to a playlist, create a station of songs based around the one playing or share it with friends. Price: £9.99/month per user. £14.99/month for a family of six Free to listen to Beats 1 without subscription Devices:  iOS Mac PC Android Conclusion: Apple Music is a single app that combines your music, a streaming service and a worldwide live radio station. Everything lives in one place, so you can stream anything choose or you can let Apple Music choose for you.  Spotify What is it?: Spotify boasts around 125 million users, 50 million of which pay for the service. The rest subscribe to Spotify's free tier, which limits music quality and plays adverts every few songs. The free tier also excludes users from using other features such as being able to use it with Sonos and Spotify Connect. You'll be able to add your purchased music into Spotify using your computer, but you'll have to add them manually. You will be able to listen to tracks offline if you pay for the Premium version, but you can't download songs with the free tier. Spotify gives you access to millions of tracks and ready-made playlists, along with Spotify radio. It will learn as you listen and through associations, will make recommendations based on your tastes. There is also a band merchandise store front that will give you easy access to your favourite band's T-shirt, for example. Spotify also offers Facebook integration so you can follow your friends to see what they're listening to. Additionally, Spotify teamed up with Google to offer Chromecast and Chromecast Audio support allowing anyone to turn any speakers into smart connected players and Spotify Connect allows you to play the service through compatible speakers.  Price:  Free tier with adverts. £9.99/month for Premium tier 50 per cent off Premium with Unidays or NUS Extra for student £15/month for a family of five Devices:  Android BlackBerry Boxee iOS Linux MeeGo Microsoft Windows Openpandora OS X PlayStation Roku S60 (Symbian) Samsung Smart TV Sonos Squeezebox Telia Digital-tv TiVo WD TV webOS Windows Mobile Withings Aura. Home entertainment systems and cars via Spotify Connect Conclusion: Spotify is the most widely available music streaming platform that offers a huge range of songs at a reasonable price.  Google Play Music  What is it?: Google Play Music All Access has 35 million songs in its library, but also allows you to add up to 50,000 of your own locally stored tracks, to stream to your device and download it for offline playback with the Unlimited tier. It's able to curate radio stations from artists of your choosing if you pay for the Unlimited package, but you'll get recommendations based on your tastes within the free subscription. At the moment there is no option to expand your personal collection above the 50,000 mark but Google+ is built in so you can share your music choices with others and see what your friends are listening to for recommendations. Price:  £9.99/month Devices: Android PC Mac iOS Conclusion: Google Play Music is affordable, has a large library, allows sharing, radio and smart suggestions, plus you can keep your own music library backed up and easily accessible. Amazon Music Unlimited What is it?: Amazon Music Unlimited is Amazon's own fully-fledged music streaming service. It runs separate to Prime Music, which is only accessible for Prime subscribers. Prime Music has a much smaller catalogue of music. Music Unlimited has access to "tens of millions" of songs from the major labels which can be accessed via the Amazon Music app, available for a range of devices. Music Unlimited has just one tier, but different pricing options depending on whether you're a Prime subscriber or if you want to use it solely through one of the company's Echo devices.  Price:  £9.99/month for non-Prime subscribers   £7.99/month or £79/year for Prime subscribers £3.99/month when used through a single Echo device £14.99/month or £149/year for up to six family members Devices: Android iOS Mac PC Web Player Echo Amazon Fire devices Select home entertainment systems and cars Conclusion: Amazon Music Unlimited has some ground to make up on its competitors, but with a number of pricing options that undercut them, it could certainly be a force to be reckoned with. Sections Spotify Apps Which is the best music streaming service in the UK? Apple Music vs Spotify and more Monument Valley 2 review: Beautiful yes, but is it worth £5? Apple App Store completely redesigned with new daily recommendations iOS 11 has a raft of new features, Siri gets new voice and more Popular In Apps On Pocket-lint Which is the best music streaming service in the UK? Apple Music vs Spotify and more Apple App Store completely redesigned with new daily recommendations iOS 11 has a raft of new features, Siri gets new voice and more Preview Glastonbury acts and never lose your tent at the festival with EE's app All-new Skype: What's changed and why is it better? Plex users can now view and record live TV on mobile devices and at home What is Pokemon Magikarp Jump and how do you play it? Whiteboard is Microsoft's Windows 10 app for collaborative inking Is Amazon's checkout-less grocery store coming to the UK soon? What is Google Lens and how do you use it? Apple iPad Pro 10.5 vs iPad Pro 9.7: Should you upgrade? Apple 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display (2017) preview: Bright and powerful Apple iPad Pro 10.5: Release date, specs and everything you need to know How Android Wear 2.0 puts the Huawei Watch 2 ahead of the competition Do these leaked iPhone 8 drawings reveal the phone's final design? YouView piloting Alexa support for TV boxes, change channels using voice-control Samsung Galaxy Note 8: What's the story so far? How Xbox One backwards compatibility works: The Xbox 360 games list and more OnePlus 5: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) vs Apple iPad Pro 12.9: What's the difference? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Why smartphone security is a luxury for those who can afford it Why smartphone security is a luxury for those who can afford it Posted on Wednesday, June 7, 2017 by CNN in Business News If you’re a low-income American, there’s a good chance you have an an Android. And unless it’s a newer model with recent software updates, your security could be at risk. Two competing operating systems own the real estate in our smartphones: Apple’s iOS and Google’s Android. Apple’s phones are expensive — the cheapest model starts at $400. Meanwhile, some Android phones cost less than $50. The closed system Appl has built means that everyone who has an iOS device gets access to the same software and security updates at (about) the same time. Android, though, is much more fragmented. Mary Madden, a researcher with Data & Society, says low income people are more reliant on their phones as the primary form of internet access. This is how they pay bills, connect with friends and family, and access education and work opportunities. “All of these differences in digital security are important because they can result in disproportionate levels of surveillance such as law enforcement monitoring during protests or a greater likelihood that low-income smartphone users will experience malware attacks,” Madden told CNNTech. More malware is written for Androids than iPhones. On top of that, almost half of the top 50 Android devices didn’t have the most recent security updates by the end of 2016, according to Google. Even if your phone is only a year or two out of date, it’s vulnerable to some very simple hacks, says Nathan Freitas, a fellow at Harvard’s Berkman Center for Internet and Society. “It doesn’t take much for your adversary to get into your [Android] device, and that’s a big problem.” When Google releases an update to Android, it takes a while to get to consumers, unless you have a Google-branded phone like the Pixel. Carriers and device makers customize Android with different apps and services, and there are at least 11 different versions of Android. Each customized version has to be updated separately by the carrier or device maker before rolling out to consumers. Google, for its part, is constantly working to improve device security. Recently, it introduced Google Play Protect, which monitors Android devices and alerts you if there are security risks. And its line of inexpensive laptops — Chromebooks — are regarded by experts as some of the most secure computers you can buy. Last year, the FCC and FTC launched an inquiry into mobile security updates, and asked mobile carriers and device manufacturers to explain the process of releasing security updates. The results have not been released, however the FCC told CNN Tech that they have received responses and are reviewing results. Why this matters Android is slightly more popular in the U.S. than iOS, with 53% of smartphone users on Google’s operating system, compared to 45% on Apple. Globally, Android is significantly more popular — almost 90% of phones shipped in the third quarter of 2016 ran Android. In India, 97% of smartphones are Android, Quartz reports, and many of them cost less than $100. But the demographics break out even further: College-educated people tend to buy iPhones over Androids; Androids are more popular with low-income Americans; and African-Americans are more likely to have an Android than an iPhone. This gap between the security haves and have nots is often called the “digital security divide,” which researcher Chris Soghoian described in a 2016 Ted Talk. According to Malkia Cyril, founder and executive director of the Center for Media Justice, the digital security divide disproportionately affects communities of color, and having secure phones not only protects someone’s data, but their rights. Android fragmentation Beyond security updates, there are other differences between the brands. Apple’s default messenger is iMessage, which is encrypted when you chat with other iOS users. Texting on Android isn’t encrypted by default, and full-disk encryption isn’t mandatory on all Android phones. The security differences between Android and iOS are also a problem for developers. People who build apps — especially those with secure functionality — have to build multiple versions for Android and potentially decide not to support outdated phones. Florencia Herra-Vega, CTO at secure messaging app Peerio, says her team has to determine whether it’s responsible to allow a customer to install the app if they’re running an old, unpatched version of Android. The problem with closed systems Freitas, the Berkman Center fellow, is also head of the Guardian Project, an organization that creates secure mobile software. He educates groups in developing countries about mobile security and often switches them over to Android One, Google’s low-cost Android devices available outside of the U.S. They are secure by default and run the latest version of Android. But Freitas says that while Android can be less secure than iOS, it has benefits, especially in countries where app store content might be policed. Android allows something called “sideloading,” which means you can install apps without downloading them from the Google Play Store or other Android app stores. “The very thing that allows malware on Android phones also allows activists to access software that might be banned in their country,” Freitas said. Sessions ends Obama-era practice that steered millions to public interest groups The billion dollar war over maps Related Posts Whole Foods is cutting 1,500 jobs China now runs 4 of the world’s 5 biggest banks Why Donald Trump’s debt plan is reckless These big economies suffered self-inflicted wounds in 2016 Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Technology | Economy | Startups | Personal Finance | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Business Technology Personal Finance Startups Internet Culture Media Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Videos Subscribe to Newsletters 9 Steps to Validate a Business Idea in 30 Days With Less Than $500 By Ryan Robinson • 06/07/17 9:15am Validation is designed to give you you reasonable certainty your business will have a sustainable, growing, paying audience in a matter of days or weeks. Pexels During the month of December 2016, I embarked on a 30-day challenge to validate a business idea, limiting myself to spending less than $500 to make that happen. I asked you to tell me what idea I should validate, too. The consensus: A hiking guide for California. The challenge was a major success. In just a few short weeks, I pre-sold 12 copies of a hiking guide (that didn’t even exist yet), generated $108 in revenue without a website and built an email list of 565 email subscribers who wanted to learn more about my upcoming hiking guide. This was all done without using my existing audience, business, website, traffic or any other resources aside from my skills and the system I teach students who want to validate a business idea in 30 Days to Validate. I even had time to take a week-long vacation and visit my family for the holidays while validating this idea. I’m telling you this because you can do it too. In fact, you can take my system for validating a business idea and be far more successful than this little challenge was. I’ve used this system to generate more than $5,700 in pre-sales of a physical product for a previous business of mine. I’ve used it to pre-launch an online course and drive over $1,091 in one week without a large audience. I even used this strategy to land a $120,000 consulting contract and validate my content marketing business before quitting my day job. If you want to start from the very beginning, read more about the rules of the challenge and dive deep into my weekly updates with an insane amount of detail around the execution of each tactic, click right here to jump down and begin reading from the day my validation challenge started. For now, I want cover all of the major lessons I learned during my challenge to validate a business idea in 1 month. After analyzing all of the steps I went through during this challenge, looking back at how I built my previous businesses, interviewing dozens of entrepreneurs on this subject and applying my system from The Launch Formula, I’ve boiled it down to just 9 simple steps to validating a business idea. But first, let’s quickly cover what validation actually is, what it isn’t and why it’s important. Note: My definition of validation has been formed over years of experimentation myself, from all of the best business books I’ve read and the online business courses I’ve both taught and taken. Validation is designed to give you you reasonable certainty your business will have a sustainable, growing, paying audience in a matter of days or weeks, rather than wasting months or years building a final product nobody will pay for. It’s as much a way of thinking, as it is a step-by-step process. The end result validation attempts to achieve is most often meeting a desired number of pre-orders or waiting list subscribers who’d purchase a basic proof of concept of your idea—a minimum viable product that solves the most simple form of the problem you’re attempting to address. Validation isn’t a guarantee of success and it most certainly isn’t easy. It’s not as simple as putting up a waiting list and hoping people miraculously discover your offering & fork over their hard-earned money for something that doesn’t exist yet. It takes work to build confidence, inspire trust and convince a community that you’ll be able to deliver enough value in exchange for the price you’re asking. Validation is designed to give you your first paying customers and foundation for future growth. I’d recommend reading this post all the way through from top to bottom, but if you prefer to jump around, here’s a hyperlinked table of contents that’ll take you straight to each stage of validating a business idea. 1. Find a Profitable Niche (That You Care About). Business ideas don’t just fall down out of the sky. They’re not delivered by a magic genie. And while you can find a lot of inspiration on the types of businesses you should consider starting, you shouldn’t pursue a random idea just because someone told you it’s a good idea. In a study by CB Insights covered on Forbes, a whopping 22% of failed startup founders cite their primary reason for failure as either never having a true interest in what they were building or losing focus on the goal they set out to achieve. Put simply, they were never really interested in their business concept. The best business ideas come from your strongest areas of interest. I’m so adamant about only building a business around a real interest of mine because I’ve chased pure market opportunities in the past, without really caring about what I was building…it doesn’t end well. When the going gets rough (it will), you need to be motivated beyond just the lure of dollar signs. If you’re only in it for the money, you’ll either give up or be quickly pushed out of the market by people who genuinely care about what they’re doing and the people they’re helping—they’ll be more motivated than you. If you’re not sure what your interests are, or which of them may potentially lead to a profitable business opportunity, start by answering these questions: What are your hobbies? What is the most meaningful part of your day? What are some topics you could enjoy writing a 1,000 word article about? What do you love doing? What is an achievement that’d make you feel particularly proud of yourself? Are there any specific aspects or functions that you love about your job? How about any childhood dreams you still find intriguing? If you had to choose just 1 thing to be remembered by, what would it be? For my challenge to validate a business idea, I went through these questions and landed on 3 general topic areas I knew I could potentially build a business around—I didn’t know how or what, but that’s not important at this stage. What’s important is that I focus on the next incremental step that’d get me closer to my goal of validating my idea. For now, that meant choosing the right niche, not worrying about how I was going to make money with the idea. So, first things first. That brought me to my top 3 options of hiking in California, cooking hacks or long distance running. My favorite personal litmus test for choosing these was whether or not I could write a 1,000 word article about the topic and actually enjoy doing it. To me, that proved I was actually interested in the subject matter and have enough confidence in my knowledge to publicly share about it. If you don’t personally identify as a writer, consider Joel Saltzman’s thesis in If You Can Talk, You Can Write, where he teaches people how to become writers by starting them off writing only about the interests they find themselves talking about most—which is also the clearest indication as to what you could potentially build a business around. 2. Leverage Your Skills and Outsource Your Weaknesses Outsource your weaknesses. Pexels If you want to become successful as an entrepreneur, you need to be great at what you do—and you must focus on giving yourself as much time as possible to leverage those abilities (in addition to #1, being interested in what you’re solving). Here’s why. It’s proven that focusing on your strengths makes you more confident in your work (via Psychology Today). Choosing to work with your strengths also helps you unlock more creative solutions to the problems you encounter, because you’re more comfortable and in your element. Studies have also found that those who engage their strengths on a daily basis report higher levels of positivity, which helps create a buffer against the negative effects of stress, fatigue and trauma. When you choose to leverage your strengths within your business, you’re maximizing your opportunity for success by setting yourself up to be more confident, creative, positive and less prone to becoming overly stressed. In business (and in this challenge to validate a business idea), you’ll constantly be racing against the clock to achieve meaningful results. And when you’re operating outside of your core strengths, you’ll encounter more unexpected challenges, thus having to account for more of a learning curve along the way. When it comes to validating a business idea, fast and simple is the name of the game. To move as quickly as possible without wasting time and money, you need to focus on the skill set you already have and make it work—which I promise you is possible. This is the foundation for how I manage opportunities within my business. If you’re not sure what your most marketable skills are, I have a free skill assessment guide that’ll walk you through the process of discovering your skills. You can pick it up right here. Focusing on leveraging my strongest skills translated directly into this challenge to validate a business idea, as a clear sign that I wouldn’t be investing time in any of these areas outside of my current expertise: Not going to build a website Not going to design any fancy visual content Not going to create an app Not going to make a physical product Not attempting anything else far outside of my current skill set That left me with having to lean primarily upon my skill of writing to validate this business idea—which I view as one of my strongest. If I hoped to have any chance of success validating this idea, I didn’t have time to go out and learn new skills, take classes or meet with coaches for weeks or months. It’s not that investing in new skills is a waste of time—I wholeheartedly believe education is always a good investment in your future. However, in order to validate this business idea, I didn’t need to build new skills. And you don’t either. Delaying this challenge in any way because I felt I didn’t have the right skills would’ve been a major excuse. I’m not into making excuses. “But Ryan, you already have clear, marketable skills…” Stop wasting time complaining. Seriously. You need to become the master problem-solver in your business (and life). Today, that means working with the skills you have and doing everything you possibly can to validate your business idea with real, paying customers before going out and investing time or money into building skills for your project. If you decide to really make this happen despite any obstacle ahead, you can build a business that’s uniquely suited for you. You can do it without having to go out and learn complex new skills, as long as you’re willing to be honest with yourself about what’s outside of your expertise. Then, you’ll have to actively outsource those tasks to contractors on platforms like Crew.co, by bringing in complementary business partners or hiring the right employees. For this challenge to validate a business idea, I knew I’d have to focus on leveraging my writing skills. No complex tech tools or fancy integrations. All I used was a series of (free) Google Docs and Google Sheets that’d allow me to side-step wasting time on anything outside of my wheelhouse. On top of just the hard skills I planned on leveraging for validating this business idea while keeping my core business running at full speed, I knew I’d have to get serious about managing my time in order to make this happen. I’m a morning person (4:30am is a casual wake up time for me), so I turned to some great advice from my friend, Chris Winfield on how to construct a morning routine that’d help set me up for success with this project. Each weekend, I scheduled blocks of time on my calendar for when I’d be dedicating time to working on this project during the week ahead—everything that makes it into my calendar gets done. If it’s not in the calendar, it probably won’t happen. Now that I had these ground rules set in place, I could move on to the first critical (often neglected) stage of validating a business idea: Creating an early feedback group. 3. Create an Early Feedback Group One of the biggest takeaways from my challenge to validate a business idea last month was that sharing your work is hard, even for me still. Sharing your work is hard. Pexels You’re exposing who you really are, making yourself vulnerable and creating opportunities to be judged on the quality of your work. The more people I shared my broad hiking website idea with, the more great things started to happen for me. The goal of creating an early feedback group of people who are within your target market, is to make sure that you’re building something they’ll actually need—and want bad enough to pay for. But, before I could start telling people about my idea and asking them to join my feedback group, I had to at least have a rough idea of what I was pitching them—a guess about the main problem I was seeking to address. Crafting a quick elevator pitch. Here’s how I did this in-action with my challenge to validate a business idea related to hiking in California. With a focus on value, I sat down and wrote out a list of what I thought was missing from current sites that tried to be hiking guides, adventure manuals and general resources for doing cool stuff outdoors in California. Surprisingly, I found that most of the websites talking about hiking and outdoor adventures in CA had pretty mediocre content—images were often stock photos, the written content tended to be overly generalized and not very helpful for hikers seeking to capture great photos while they’re on a hike (a narrow niche I think I can address very well). I thought there could be a serious opportunity for having hiking guides and outdoor adventure resources that have a significantly higher quality of images and other content. So, my hypothesis was that by going into content mediums like drone footage and 360 cam images (that others aren’t trying in this space yet), I’ll be able to win some readers that appreciate new innovations and higher quality. After 20 minutes of research, I came up with this short elevator pitch that I could customize for each person I’d be reaching out to: Hey [First Name]! I’m building a new site I thought might be up your alley as a fellow adventure junkie.. it chronicles all of the best places to find adventures in California, go on awesome hikes and capture unique photos from each spot while you’re there. I’ll be grabbing photos, videos, drone footage and 360 cam images to make this really awesome. Would you be interested in getting updates on this? Is it perfect? No. But that doesn’t matter. I’ll refine as I go and tweak it over time as I learn more about what my audience wants. Manual outreach to create your early feedback group. Once you’re ready to start reaching out, begin closest to home. Keep in mind that you don’t necessarily want your mother and father to be in your early feedback group unless they’re actually a good potential customer. Before I started my outreach for my challenge to validate this business idea, I did my best to quickly make sure these friends would be within my target so I wouldn’t waste time presenting an idea they wouldn’t be interested in. With my specific idea, being within my target market meant that each friend I reached out to needed to (1) live or frequently spend time in California and (2) have a somewhat active lifestyle, which would indicate to me that they’ll probably be interested in adventuring and hiking. Protect the quality of your community. Here’s a screenshot of my first round of text message-based outreach (by far my highest response rate medium) to start building my feedback group. Note that each of these messages is customized based on my relationship with the person: Here’s a screenshot of my first round of text message-based outreach (by far my highest response rate medium) to start building my feedback group. Author provided Working this process for just 1 week netted me 47 email subscribers for my early feedback group. Now, it’s your turn. Begin by working your way down this list: Friends & family Co-workers Former co-workers Other professionals you’ve worked with Classmates or former classmates from school Teachers or professors you’ve had Fellow members in clubs, societies, groups or meetup networks you’re in Scroll through your recent text messages. Browse through your last couple hundred personal emails. Head into your Facebook friend list, LinkedIn connection list and check out your Twitter followers. Look for people you know, who you think may have an interest in what you’re building. Then, out of the people who express interest in your idea, ask them if there’s anyone else they know who comes to mind—that might be excited about what you’re building. Double down and get more qualified referrals so that you can keep having conversations with your target audience. I personally recommend tracking this process rigorously so that you can see the growth of your community and keep their contact information all in one (free) place. Enter: Google Sheets. Each time I came across someone from my text messages, emails, and Facebook friend list who I thought could be right for checking out my site idea, I added them to a Google Sheet so that I could easily keep track of all my leads. I stopped after getting to 100 potential people I could ask to join my early feedback group. Expanding your early feedback group beyond your personal network. With my personal challenge to validate a business idea, I didn’t need to take it this far. I was able to track down enough people interested in hiking in California that I personally knew by combing through my text messages, personal emails and Facebook friend list. However, if you don’t have the right personal network for your project or you don’t feel comfortable starting with those whom are closest to you, there are still TONS of ways to manually build an engaged early feedback community. Enter: Online groups and communities. Now, when it comes to actually starting a conversation in these groups without coming across as spammy or too self-interested, keep in mind exactly what your goal is at this stage: to have conversations with your target audience. Nothing more—we’re not selling anything to anyone yet. You’re going to best achieve this goal of having great conversations by posing a very open-ended, genuine question to the group without asking people to visit a website, fill out a form or complete any action other than replying with comments in the beginning. Keep it simple. Here’s a copy/paste script inspired by one of my mentors, Ramit Sethi, that you can use to post in online communities and start meaningful conversations with members: “Hey guys, I’m thinking of [starting a website, creating an app, building a product]around [topic area]. When you talk to your friends about it, what do you say? What do you think is the biggest problem around [topic area]? Here’s this posting tactic live in action with one of my TLF students, DJ who was able to quickly generate 25+ subscribers for his early feedback group by posting a variation of this in 10 Facebook Groups: Depending upon how active the group is, you can get anywhere from zero to dozens of comments with thoughtful replies to your question. Author provided Depending upon how active the group is, you can get anywhere from zero to dozens of comments with thoughtful replies to your question. Once a few people start responding to your post, nurture those conversations, keep them going, stir up a debate, share your thoughts on the subject matter. After the post begins to lose a little momentum, send a personalized (private) message to the people who seemed most engaged in the conversation—asking them if they’d like to get updates on your project. If they’re up for it (some will be, some won’t be), ask them for their best email address so you can keep them in the loop and ask a couple more questions. Replicate this process until you’ve built up an early feedback group of ideally, at least 25 – 50 people so that you’ll begin getting some diversity of opinion within your community. Finding the right online communities. From my experience, here are some of the best places and methods for finding potential early feedback group members to give you feedback on what you’re building (even if you don’t know what exactly it’s going to be yet): Standalone Online Communities. AMEX Open Forum for Small Business Owners (broad) Angel.co (focus on startup community) Inbound.org (focus on marketing) GrowthHackers (focus on growth & marketing) HackerNews (focus on startups and more technical projects/news) Quora (broad) ProductHunt (focus on startups and tech) Bonus: Amazon Reviews (if you’re building a physical product) Facebook Groups (Topical). It’s best if you can find topically relevant groups to join—that’s where you’ll know without a doubt that your target audience already exists. For example, if you’re working on validating a photography-related business idea, you should consider joining groups like Nikon Digital Camera & Photo Enthusiasts (26,000+ members), Nikon D750 Users (27,000+ members) and Nikon UK Photography (13,000+ members). I found these groups by searching for “Nikon” and clicking the ‘Groups’ sort tab at the top of the menu. A topical Facebook group. Author provided If what you’re building is relevant to anyone with a DSLR camera, you’re sure to find enough people who’d be interested in giving you feedback on your concept from within those groups. Facebook Groups (Entrepreneurial). If you aren’t able to find many Facebook Groups with a decent number of members (think 5,000+), it might be a sign that your niche market is too small. However, you can still take to building a feedback community by activating members of entrepreneurial Facebook Groups where members are already conditioned to helping each other with projects like this. Start with these ones, which I chose specifically because they’re not riddled with spam: Freedom Hackers Mastermind (39,000+ members) The Smart Passive Income Community (28,000+ members) The Joyful Entrepreneur (37,000+ members) Heart-centered, soul driven entrepreneurs (16,000+ members) Coaches, Authors, Entrepreneurs (13,000+ members) Women’s Entrepreneur Network (32,000+ members, women only) Super Hero Entrepreneurs (10,000+ members) LinkedIn Groups (Entrepreneurial). On Startups (626,000+ members) Future Trends (474,000+ members) I ❤️ Startups (248,000+ members) Entrepreneur’s Network (33,000+ members) Band of Entrepreneurs (26,000+ members) Reddit Sub-Channels. r/SideProject r/Entrepreneur r/Startups r/BusinessHub r/MutualCollaboration Keep in mind as you begin posting in communities and forums, that you need to provide value before asking for anything in return—that’s how you build relationships with people and eventually ask them to join your feedback group. Don’t expect to get stellar results from simply cold emailing a bunch of people you don’t really know, asking them to support your idea. 4. Have One-on-One Conversations With Your Target Market Have one-on-one conversations. Pexels Once you’ve started to build your small community of early feedback subscribers, you need to keep the conversation going with them. And you can continue building the size of your feedback group throughout this process. At this stage however, your goal now shifts to focusing more on determining the right mix of highlights, features and value propositions that’ll be most appealing to your target audience. It’s time to narrow in on what exactly your business is going to be and you’ll solidify this even more in the next stage: Developing a competitive advantage. Again, since we don’t want to build a solution to a problem that doesn’t really exist, this requires as many one-on-one conversations as possible. Yes, it takes time, but it’ll save you countless hours later by getting your solution right on the first shot. During my challenge to validate a business idea, a few conversations with my early feedback members naturally transitioned into brainstorming sessions in which my audience started telling me what they wanted. Check out this text about my hiking site idea, from my friend Michael that lives in Los Angeles, a traditionally very tourist-heavy city. My audience started telling me what they wanted. Author provided He identified one of his major pain points when it comes to finding good local hikes and adventures to do that aren’t touristy like hiking up to the Hollywood sign. He lives in LA, so he’s already done all that—now he wants “off the grid, local and culturally interesting experiences.” Two other friends of mine, Bryan Lemos who worked with me at CreativeLive and loves photography, and Alan who’s an active outdoor enthusiast in his own rite over at Love to Camp, now work together and talked about my website idea at lunch after I had texted them both earlier in the day. They came to me (in a Slack group we have together) with a great idea for a service that they wish existed in the hiking and outdoor market. A great idea for a service that they wish existed in the hiking and outdoor market. Author provided Providing a monthly subscription service where I line up a curated, local adventure and discounted deal for my subscribers to go on once a month. Dead simple and pretty easy for me to implement each month. Do everything you can to foster this type of idea flow in your conversations. If you listen hard enough, for long enough to your audience, they’re going to tell you exactly what they want. While you can have these conversations over text, email, Slack or another digital media, nothing beats meeting up in-person for a quick coffee or picking up the phone for 15min to get more meaningful feedback from your target audience. Here are a few of the top questions you should be asking your target market, with the goal of learning more about their motivations and needs as it pertains to your business idea: What are you most looking to achieve (as it pertains to your topic area)? What are some of the current solutions you’re using, or have used in the past? What frustrates you most about current solutions out there? What features would you most like to see (as it pertains to your topic area)? Do you have any fears (as it pertains to your topic area) holding you back? Would you be willing to pay for a solution that does XYZ for you? I recommend adding a few additional columns to the Google Sheet you already made for keeping track of your feedback group, so that you can add notes with their answers to these key questions. By this point in my challenge to validate a business idea, I was starting to get a more clear picture of what exactly my audience wanted from me in the California hiking space. After thinking more about the two ideas I got from my feedback group—a monthly adventure planning service or a guide to the most under-rated, off-the-grid hikes and adventures in California—and running them by a couple others, I got more votes for the off-the-grid hiking guide. Once you’ve been able to collect this depth of feedback from at least 10 – 15 people in your early feedback group, it’s time to really formulate your competitive advantage and solidify (at least for now) what you’re business is going to represent. I pushed forward with the tentative plan of creating the off-the-grid hiking guide. Now it was time to figure out how to make it significantly more unique, useful and better than existing hiking guides. 5. Develop a Competitive Advantage By this stage of validating your business idea, you’ve had a number of meaningful conversations with your target audience and you’ve built a small list of people who are interested in getting updates on your upcoming solution—based on the simple elevator pitch you’ve sent them so far. Develop a competitive advantage. Pexels Now it’s time to expand a bit on that elevator pitch and pull some more insights out of the feedback you’ve been gathering from your conversations with the people in your community. All with the purpose of developing a competitive advantage that’ll make your upcoming solution uniquely valuable to your audience. The worst thing you can do is rush to market with an identical solution to what’s already out there. A competitive advantage is defined as your unique advantage that allows you as a business to generate greater sales or margins, and/or acquire & retain more customers than competitors. In short, it’s what makes your business, your business. Your competitive advantage can come in many different forms, including: Your cost structure Product offering Distribution network Customer support Your own personal skill set (like being able to tell great stories) Your experience Industry knowledge Strategic relationships A powerful personal brand Large and engaged audience you’ve built The strength of your competitive advantage will greatly affect your early results in validating your business idea. With my challenge to validate a business idea in the California hiking space, my competitive advantage for my upcoming website (that didn’t yet exist, mind you), was that I’d be delivering content in a new medium (VR/360°), with a level of quality and depth that was unmatched in an industry full of web 1.0 style websites with stock photos and short descriptions. To land on the competitive advantage(s) for your side hustle idea, start by carefully combing through all of the feedback emails, conversation notes and ideas you’ve recorded from your target audience conversations so far. Look for commonalities, trends, surprising insights and particularly interesting ideas that catch your eye. Highlight them as potential value propositions to come back to for developing your competitive advantage. 6. Grow Your Email List Grow your email list. Pexels Despite what many profess, growing your email list (further) is actually an optional step in the process of validating a business idea. Here’s why: If you’ve already manually built an email list of 100 or more subscribers through the various audience building tactics we covered in #3 (which you could definitely do given enough time and effort), you likely already have enough people to validate your idea with. Sure, more of the right subscribers would help increase your chances of successfully validating your business idea, but anything more than ~100 or so, is bonus points for the sake of this validation test. Revisiting our initial goal for setting out to validate a business idea in the first place, it’s to give us reasonable confidence in the future success of our solution. Put simply, you don’t need more than 100 subscribers to validate an idea and get at least 10 paying customers. If you’re sitting below that magic number of 100 subscribers or you feel strongly about needing to acquire a larger audience before building a proof of concept, let’s get into growing your email list beyond where it’s at right now. I’ve written about a lot of list building tactics that have worked well for me over the years, but here are a few of my favorites for quickly growing your email list beyond the limitations of manual outreach. 1. Guest Posting (to Grow Your List and Validate Your Business Idea). While guest posting is significantly more effective in the long run once you have a live website or blog of your own already, it’s not necessary in the context of validating your idea quickly. All you need is a very basic “landing page” that gives you the opportunity to capture the name and email address of any readers who are interested in learning more about what you’re planning on building—based on a brief description written on your landing page. This landing page will be a foundation for the proof of concept you’ll be building in the next step anyway. Within your guest post that’s topically relevant to what you’re planning on creating, you’ll tastefully link back to your landing page so that readers can click through to learn more and sign up for updates. Here’s an example of a guest post I recently wrote for Lifehacker, one for Forbes, one on Inc, another on CreativeLive’s blog, General Assembly’s blog, and ConvertKit’s blog. You’ll notice that I always make sure to include at least 1 link back to a specific post, landing page or project I’m seeking to promote (or validate) within the first few paragraphs of the guest post to make sure I’m maximizing my chances of driving back readers who are interested in signing up to learn more. Again, you do not have to build a website before guest posting. Your landing page can be as simple as you allow it to be. I’ve created basic landing pages from (free) Google Forms, (free) Google Docs, (free) Gumroad sales pages and through free trials with a more robust tool like Instapage. What’s most important about the basic landing page you build, is that you’re able to (1) write a brief description of your upcoming solution and (2) ask readers to sign up with their email address for updates. You can collect their email addresses by using a Google Form, which will store them neatly in a Google Sheet you’ll be able to refer back to later. Here’s an example of a guest post I wrote for the Desprenuer blog (right here), a popular website that gives designers the tools they need to grow their businesses. Here’s an example of a guest post I wrote for the Desprenuer blog. Author provided You’ll see that I included a link back to the post I wanted to promote on my own blog (about side businesses), within the first paragraph of this guest post. This guest post took me about 30-45 minutes to write and was a shortened derivative of the original post I linked to in that intro paragraph up top. I know, I know…you don’t have a ton of blog content of your own, so you “can’t” do this, right? Not quite. If you think you don’t have the content for writing a guest post, you’re mistaken. Take all the bits and pieces of conversations you’ve already been having with your target market, identify the value propositions they’ve been resonating with most and start expanding on each of those points. Now, let’s talk about pitching a guest post & identifying the right destinations and people to pitch to. All it took to land this guest post on the Despreneur blog, which drove back a couple hundred visitors to my site, was a quick email to the editor, Tomas Laurinavicius. I mentioned a recent podcast episode he recorded with another entrepreneur, which showed I took an interest in what he’s doing and established relevancy by noting that I’m also a Forbes contributor. Then I pitched him on writing a guest post: I pitched writing a guest post. Author provided This worked particularly well for me because the content I referenced on my blog was already performing well and Tomas also had some mutual connections with me (via Forbes), so there were fewer barriers between us. But you probably don’t have a strong personal brand or contributorships on major publications… sure, that’ll make this more difficult. However, my very first guest post was landed on Buffer’s blog (1 million+ monthly readers) back in 2015 long before I had any semblance of an audience or credibility. I cold emailed one of the writers on their team with a few strong topic ideas I knew she’d be interested in, then she asked to see a draft of one and the rest is history. Success with pitching guest posts begins with choosing realistic targets, but never doubt the power of asking for what you want—tons of other people have also been able to land high value guest posts without any “street cred” of their own yet. Now let’s dive deeper into my 5 step process for cold pitching guest posts. Step 1: Create a landing page (or blog post/proof of concept). Nearly every post I publish on my blog is treated as a proof of concept for a potential course topic I can cover in the future. I choose to use blog posts for all of my proof of concepts because that’s what I’m good at and I can do it quickly. For your purposes, this landing page can be in the form of a simple blog post, sales page, product description, video or otherwise—this is the destination that’ll serve as home base for when you’re ready to go out and pitch guest posts. Step 2: Build a list of publications, brand and blogs. Once I publish a post to my blog, I’ll create a shortlist of 10-20 different publications, blogs and brands that I think I can realistically land a guest post with—on a topic closely related to my landing page back on my own website. I’ll vet these websites and make sure it looks like they accept content on my topic and that they have engaged readers for the subject matter, otherwise it’s not the best utilization of my time. Once I have my list, I’ll rank everyone on it based on how much traffic I think I’ll be able to drive back to my website from a guest post. Step 3: Create outlines of derivative works from the original post. Next, I’ll break down the sections of my original post and start outlining what a more detailed post could look like—expanding upon each of these sections from my original. For example, from my post on the 10 Steps to Starting a Business While Working Full-Time, I could choose #2 on the list (Inventory Your Strengths and Interests) and outline a more detailed post that expands upon actionable strategies for finding your strengths and interests. Now, I’ll start to pair up these new post outlines with the target websites I want to get a guest post published on. Step 4: Find the right point of contact at my target websites. This is key. You need to pitch a real person and make sure it’s the right person. That’s someone who (1) cares and (2) can do something about your guest post idea. For that reason, I always look to target a marketer, writer, editor or blog manager at the destination I’m looking to secure a guest post on—these people will all be on the same page when it comes to the constant need for solid content and they’ll either have or know the people with the decision-making power to grant a guest post. Step 5: Reach out with a value-driven approach, then pitch. Most of the time before pitching someone on a guest post, I’ll first go back to my original landing page or post on my blog and add in a relevant link to a piece of content on the blog of the target destination I’m trying to get a guest post on. That way, when I reach out to the marketer, writer or editor, I can keep the message related to just my mention of them in the post on my blog—providing value first. I’ll ask them to give it a quick look to make sure I’m citing them properly and linking to the best possible destination for them; two things they’ll care about and it’s not a big ask. That gets them to my website where they can see what the post is about and a bit about me. Then once they respond, I’ll pitch them on the guest post topic that I believe to be most relevant to their readers. It’s a lot of work and you definitely want to spend some time promoting the content and making sure your guest post does well. But by building relationships that are founded on delivering value before asking for anything in return, you’re going to plant the seeds for a relationship that has the potential to grow and evolve over time. This strategy will also set you apart from the 50 other people that email in every day asking to guest post. If you don’t have a website up yet, you obviously can’t use this exact approach verbatim. Instead, you’ll have to compensate by reaching out to more people. It’s a numbers game, but I promise you can make it happen. If you want help strategizing, shoot me an email at ryan@ryrob.com and I’m happy to help. 2. Facebook Ads (to Grow Your List and Validate Your Business Idea). If you have a little budget ($50 – $200) for testing paid traffic, Facebook Ads are going to be your biggest bang for the buck, by far. With that budget range, you can generally drive a couple hundred extremely targeted visitors to your landing page and see how they react to your proof of concept. For one of my past businesses, Case Escape, we were able to validate the concept of offering our Startup Kits—a business in a box style package that helped people start their own phone case business—by spending around $100 on Facebook Ads for a week to generate leads which led to phone conversations and making our first $5,700 sale. Both AdEspresso and Hootsuite have amazing guides to getting started with Facebook Ads that I highly recommend. Facebook has their own deep dive on ad targeting as well. 3. Giveaways (to Grow Your List and Validate Your Business Idea). In my experience, giveaways are a very mixed bag. Sometimes they work very well and give you a ton of qualified leads, but other times you’re left with a worthless list of people who signed up solely to win something cool. My advice: Keep your giveaway item as closely related to your upcoming solution as possible (and keep your costs as low as possible). Spending meaningful amounts of money before you have a clear path to making it back is dangerous. I recommend hitting the pavement to visit local stores, picking up the phone and doing what you can to try and broker discounts on your giveaway items before purchasing—in exchange for some advertising exposure to your audience. Giveaways only make this list because they’re a potentially viral marketing tactic that’s worked well for me in the past. I used one during my challenge to validate a business idea and generated 565 email subscribers in just 6 days for a GoPro and Osprey pack giveaway thanks to the built-in viral sharing that the KingSumo Giveaways plugin has. The idea behind a giveaway is simple: Run a sweepstakes and give away an awesome, relevant product or service for free in exchange for asking entrants to sign up for your email list. Incentivize them to share the giveaway on the backend after they sign up by offering a few “extra” entries into the giveaway for every friend they refer to my giveaway, which KingSumo Giveaways does very well. Starting with just 47 people in my early feedback group, I was able to grow that number to 565 in just 6 days thanks to their sharing. That means they referred an average of 12 friends each. For the specific copy/paste email templates I used to kick my giveaway off with a bang and help make sure it succeeded, jump down to my Update #2 of the validation challenge. Now, once you’ve built your email list to a size you’re comfortable with (I recommend ~100 subscribers), it’s time to start building your proof of concept. 7. Build a Proof of Concept. Now you have a small (but growing) audience. You know the specific offering you want to validate your business idea with. In my case with this validation challenge, that was an off-the-grid hiking guide to the most under-appreciated adventure destinations in California—documented in VR/360°, drone footage and video. But I didn’t have the time to go out and shoot all that content, get it edited and HOPE people paid me for it. That’d take months and probably a good amount of money. By now you know the specific offering you want to validate your business idea with. Pexels Instead of pausing here to invest weeks or months into building your course, writing your book, developing an app or creating a complex website to highlight your freelance skills, we still want to make sure there’s a (paying) demand for what you plan on building—before you actually go out and build it. That’s where building a simple proof of concept comes into play. A proof of concept is a realization of your method or idea that demonstrates its feasibility. Well constructed proof of concepts are designed to achieve these 3 things: 1. Verify that your solution solves the problem you’re attempting to address. 2. Confirm that your solution is valued by your future customers. 3. Determine whether or not people will pay for your solution. Setting your proof of concept goal. Once you have a more clear picture of what your specific product or service offering is going to be (based on your target market conversations and research) and you’ve developed a competitive advantage that’s going to make your offering unique in some way, it’s time to set a goal for what you want your proof of concept to achieve. Only that which is properly tracked and measured, improves. Your proof of concept goal will be unique to your business and it needs to give you relative confidence in the future of the solution you’re building. There’s no definitive, across the board success metric for all proof of concepts, but I always recommend setting a proof of concept goal of generating a specific amount of revenue from a pre-defined number of paying customers. Here are a few popular examples of proof of concept goals: 10 pre-orders for your upcoming product or service $100 in affiliate commissions generated 100 listeners on your first podcast episode Getting a book proposal accepted by a publisher 100 waiting list subscribers Fully funding a Kickstarter campaign With my challenge to validate a business idea in the California hiking space, I set my proof of concept goal at 10 pre-orders of the hiking guide I wanted to create. If I could get 10 people to pay me for a book that doesn’t yet exist, that’d give me enough confidence to go out and actually shoot the content & create the book. Now that I had the goal I wanted to achieve—10 book pre-sales, it was time to create a (simple) preview of what that would be, so I could start pitching it and asking my subscribers to buy. Here are a few examples of the many different forms a proof of concepts can come in: Google Doc (like the one I created to validate my hiking guide) Blog post (like the one I wrote to validate my first course idea) Explainer video Portfolio of your existing work (like this free one on Contently) Hand-built prototype (like my $100 iStash prototypes) Simple product sales page or website Rough demonstration of your software solution Email or email newsletter (like how ProductHunt started) Self-published book Facebook or Slack group (like #Investing, a group created by a reader) So, going back to leveraging my core skills (which we covered the importance of in #2 of this post), I took a couple of hours and wrote out a simple Google Doc Proof of Concept that was just a few pages long, to serve as my proof of concept for this hiking guide idea. You can check it out and grab the template for it right here. I kept it ridiculously simple. Author provided I kept it ridiculously simple (721 words). I whipped up a quick header image and just wrote what I wanted the guide to be—while focusing on how it would benefit readers. It wasn’t perfect, it didn’t highlight absolutely everything it could have, but I ran it by one of my friends (a subscriber) and we came to the consensus that it was good enough to get the job done and help me secure pre-orders. Note that at the end of the proof of concept page, I wanted to include a link to where people could immediately go and pre-order the guide. Giving readers the option to go and buy the guide without me first directly asking them to purchase would tell me a lot about how excited they are for this guide. Now it was time to pre-launch it to my subscribers and see how it’d go. 8. Launch and Get Pre-Orders From Your Email List You’ll need a secure way to accept payments from your subscribers before asking them to buy. That could be as simple as asking them to PayPal you the dollar amount, using a free card reader from Square to accept CC payment or setting up a simple product page on a platform like Gumroad (I chose this option for my validation challenge). I chose Gumroad for my validation challenge. Author provided I chose Gumroad because they have the quickest setup time in my experience, and I knew they offered the option to pre-sell products without charging the customer’s credit card until the guide is actually finished—something I really wanted to highlight to my potential customers so they’d know they’re not getting scammed. Even if you’re looking to sell handmade goods and eventually plan to sell them on Etsy, choosing to first use a simple pre-ordering flow through Gumroad is going to be much quicker and less overwhelming in the short term. Choosing a realistic price point. Next, you’ll need to choose a realistic price point for your offering—a price point that helps you achieve your proof of concept goal. I wasn’t worried about the dollar amount I earned from pre-sales of the guide, since my goal at this stage is to validate my business idea—not make thousands from it this week. This is something that so many aspiring entrepreneurs neglect to see the importance of, which often leads to failure, loss of motivation and disinterest in an otherwise great idea. You have to use the tools at your disposal, especially as you’re just getting started. One of those tools is choosing to offer an otherwise very low price point for your product or service when you go out to pre-sell it to early subscribers. That discount is in exchange for them giving a vote of confidence and waiting while you actually produce the solution—in turn, you get to prove that there is a paying market for your product before investing in it. As a starting point for pricing my digital guide, I decided to take a look around and see exactly what others were charging for similar hiking-related guides and see if I could price myself in the same ballpark. I took a few minutes to do a little research and found that Lonely Planet, an outdoor reviews site amongst many other things sells their digital eBook destination guides for $8.99 on average. Despite knowing that my guide would explore California’s destinations in new content mediums, with greater depth and more careful curation, I decided to (again) keep things simple and price the pre-sale of my guide right at $9 since that’s what many consumers are currently conditioned to for a guide of this type… if not free even. I made it clear on the product page that the price point would be higher ($29) for the guide once it’s finished, to increase the urgency for those who are interested, to pick it up right now. Now that I had my proof of concept Google Doc and a live product page ready to go, it was time to try and drive in some sales. Getting your first sales. Your first sales need to come from manual, individual conversations with your subscribers. You can’t mass email a link to your proof of concept or sales page and expect people to immediately buy (or even understand the value in buying). Before emailing my list of 565 subscribers I had acquired from my giveaway, I wanted to go back to the 4 friends I had consulted about which product ideas sounded more interesting. I texted them a customized variation of this message—skipping the proof of concept Google Doc and linking them straight to the purchase page to see how they’d respond: Your first sales need to come from manual, individual conversations with your subscribers. Author provided 1 of them bought. That gave me a quick vote of confidence. Next, I revisited ~15 the individual email conversations I still had going with the friends & acquaintances who’d joined my early feedback group. I was still familiarizing myself with selling this guide & learning what was most attractive about it. Since some of these people I’d reaching out to via email weren’t my closest friends, I didn’t want to immediately ask them to directly buy my guide. I wanted to ask for their opinion and gather their feedback on my proof of concept document first. So, I turned to using my Feedback to Pre-Order Sequence (you can download the copy/paste email scripts right here) I use to pre-launch courses and other products. It’s another extremely useful strategy & toolset we’ll be covering in my new course, 30 Days to Validate. Here’s how the Feedback to Pre-Order Sequence works: Step 1: Ask the person to check out your proof of concept and complete a short survey leaving feedback about it. Step 2: Genuinely answer their questions (from the feedback survey) and ask them if they’d be confident enough in your [product] to pre-order it at a discount today. That’s it. So simple it’s ridiculous. Important: In the survey, it’s incredibly important to ask the yes or no question of whether or not they’d buy this [product]. You can prioritize your time on the people who pre-qualify themselves as being interested in buying. Meet their objections head on and be honest about whether or not you think your solution will be a good fit for them based on the feedback they’re giving you. Now, here’s my Feedback to Pre-Order Sequence in action with a former co-worker and photographer, Matt who’s been giving me feedback on my California hiking guide project for the past couple of weeks. My Feedback to Pre-Order Sequence in action. Pexels That now brought me up to 2 pre-orders. So, I continued to replicate this approach manually with more of my most engaged early feedback subscribers. The pre-sales continued to climb throughout the next couple of days. Here’s another example conversation I had with a former co-worker, Brooks who’s relatively new to California but loves finding cool new hikes off the beaten path in the bay area. Here’s another example conversation I had with a former co-worker. Author provided Did it take time having these 1-on-1 conversations with more than a dozen people? Definitely. But with every conversation and feedback form that rolled in, I learned something new about both my audience and what my product represented to them. I was getting a step closer to validating this business idea each day. A lot of people really resonated with the idea of getting curated adventure recommendations that aren’t mainstream, touristy and crowded—that fueled my motivation every time I got positive feedback. This experience also gave me a more clear sense of how to sell this guide more effectively moving forward—I could see first-hand which selling points were getting the most thumbs up. By the end of the last week of my challenge to validate a business idea, I was sitting at 12 pre-sales totaling $108 in revenue. I achieved my validation goal (10 or more pre-sales). I achieved my validation goal. Author provided Could I have kept going and made several hundred more over the next few days by keeping the one-on-one conversations going or sending an email broadcast to all my subscribers once I had my pitch down? Probably, but I already achieved my validation goal so I wanted to move forward. What comes next after you complete your pre-launch sequence? Keep going. Continue building with even more confidence. Engage more with your subscribers and customers to make sure you’re still providing them with something they want. 9. Continue Building and Tweaking With Feedback If you’ve successfully validated your business idea, the real work has just begun—and that’s exciting as hell. If you’ve successfully validated your business idea, the real work has just begun—and that’s exciting as hell. Pexels As responses roll in from your pre-launch pitches, you’ll undoubtedly collect valuable feedback that’ll help you make your solution even more effective for your audience, if you listen carefully. If your pre-launch didn’t go as planned and your validation test failed, don’t give up. This is just the first of many setbacks that’ll be coming your way as an entrepreneur. Failure is a natural (necessary) part of the journey. It’s what you decide to do next that defines you. Trust me, I’ve been there many times. It’s time to digest all of the feedback you’ve gotten and determine some possible causes of why your validation test failed. Some common reasons validation tests fail are: Pitching to the wrong audience Not getting in front of a large enough audience Not creating enough perceived value in your proof of concept Not incorporating or highlighting the right value propositions Pricing the pre-order of your solution above what your audience will pay Existing solutions on the market are already “good enough” So, what comes next for you? Ryan Robinson is an entrepreneur writer, and freelance content marketer helping entrepreneurs build a successful, profitable side business. Follow along at ryrob.com, where this post originally appeared. SEE ALSO: How to Be More Productive by Working Less Business & Technology Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
Apple's HomePod Looks Beautiful But Doesn't Think Different Subscribe business culture design gear science security transportation photo video Search business culture design gear science security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine Wired Insider Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. submit Author: Elizabeth StinsonElizabeth Stinson gear 06.07.17 09:00 am Apple's HomePod Looks Beautiful But Doesn't Think Different SAN JOSE, AMERICA - JUNE 05: The Apple HomePods are seen during the 2017 Apple Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) at San Jose Convention Center on June 5, 2017 in San Jose, California, America. The WWDC kicks off on Monday with speeches themed on new operating system, new iPad Pro and HomePod, music speaker and home assistant. (Photo by Heng Qi/VCG via Getty Images) Heng Qi/VCG/Getty Images Share share tweet comment email Author: Elizabeth StinsonElizabeth Stinson gear 06.07.17 09:00 am Apple's HomePod Looks Beautiful But Doesn't Think Different SAN JOSE, AMERICA - JUNE 05: The Apple HomePods are seen during the 2017 Apple Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) at San Jose Convention Center on June 5, 2017 in San Jose, California, America. The WWDC kicks off on Monday with speeches themed on new operating system, new iPad Pro and HomePod, music speaker and home assistant. (Photo by Heng Qi/VCG via Getty Images) Heng Qi/VCG/Getty Images Apple wrapped up WWDC on Monday by showing off the HomePod, its brand new smart speaker. The stout, cylindrical gadget packs in seven tweeters, six microphones, and a four-inch woofer that delivers impressive sound. The HomePod is very much a speaker, but for Apple, it also represents something more: a way to bring Siri into your home at a time when virtual assistants are smarter than ever. The question is whether the HomePod brings anything new to the table. Like the Amazon Echo or Google Home, Apple's HomePod provides a new shell for its omnipresent virtual assistant. But unlike Echo or Home, it'll sound amazing. Phil Schiller, Apple’s head of marketing, claimed that while most companies choose to focus on either sound or smarts, the HomePod brings both in spades. "We wanted to combine all this into a product that can really deliver a breakthrough experience," he said onstage. The only issue? It's not yet clear what that experience will actually be like. Schiller spent little time talking about HomePod's capabilities as a home assistant, focusing instead on the device’s impressive audio specs. He did say HomePod would integrate with HomeKit to manage simple tasks like controlling your blinds, changing the temperature, and turning on the yard sprinklers, all through voice commands. But will the assistant know how to communicate across devices, displaying relevant information—lists, maps, and to do lists—on your TV or phone? Will people be tied to their shiny new iPads when they want to accomplish something more complex than asking Siri to play the next song? How, exactly, will Siri flex its increasingly capable predictive skills in the HomePod? Jason Henry for WIRED "What we saw yesterday wasn't the full picture," says Werner Goertz, an analyst with Gartner. "It was an almost verbatim copy of the Amazon Echo launch from two and a half years ago." The HomePod felt more like a souped-up Sonos system than a paradigm shifting piece of hardware. It might sound better than its competitors, and look better too. But Apple’s fresh take on the smart speaker really didn’t seem all that fresh. HomePod comes at a time when both Amazon and Google are experimenting with new ways to get people using their voice assistants in intuitive ways. Just last month, Amazon introduced the Echo Show, an angular smart speaker with an attached touchscreen. Amazon realized that Alexa’s chattiness could only go so far in an audio-only world; certain tasks require visual aids, like browsing for clothes online or checking into a flight. (It also makes buying stuff way easier.) The fact that you can now interact with Alexa using either your voice or a screen shows that the future of these devices will demand both modes, in a way that works seamlessly across all of your devices. Schiller himself has said as much. Last month, he gave an interview to the blog 360 Gadgets, during which he hinted at the upcoming HomePod and threw subtle shade at Amazon and Google. "There's many moments where a voice assistant is really beneficial, but that doesn't mean you'd never want a screen," he said. "So the idea of not having a screen, I don't think suits many situations." HomePod doesn’t have a screen, which might be because almost everything else in the Apple universe already does. Apple also billed HomePod primarily as a music device that just happens to have Siri, describing the assistant more as a "musicologist" who uses AI to pick your playlists than the organizer of all your digital devices. Meanwhile, Amazon Echo and Google Home built their virtual assistants into catch-all productivity aids that field any number of requests, many of which benefit from multi-modal input like voice command and a touchscreen. “There will always be value in using multiple senses,” says Ethan Imboden, head of venture design at the design studio Frog. “Those who succeed in this space will understand what is the best interface for any given motive.” HomePod's design suggests that Apple isn't concerned with pushing the boundaries of what a home assistant could be; for now, catching up is enough. In many ways, that's Apple's MO. "They let others serve as their beta launch, learn from this, then leverage the combination of their exceptional design and production capabilities, the stickiness of their integrated product ecosystem, and their network of retail outlets to step in strongly," says Imboden. It’s still too early to say whether the approach with the HomePod is brilliant or doomed. On one hand, Apple could be using music to trojan horse HomePod—and Siri—into as many living rooms as possible. At the same time, people expect their smart speakers to actually be smart, and positioning Siri as a "musicologist" almost seems to underscore the fact that Apple's assistant still lags behind the others. Still, Apple makes great hardware, so it’s safe to assume they won’t be hurting for sales—even if the HomePod, priced at $350, costs twice as much as either the Amazon Echo or Google Home. Plenty of people will buy HomePod because it's pretty or because everything else they own is Apple. But only time will tell how much the HomePod can redefine what an intelligent speaker could be. Related Video Gadgets Meet HomePod, Apple's New Siri-Enabled Speaker Apple has unveiled the HomePod, a $350 wireless speaker with Siri baked right in. #apple #Siri #WWDC Most Popular TV Westworld's Creators Know Why Sci-Fi Is So DystopianAuthor: Maria LokkeMaria Lokke Architecture Apple's Architect Says the Future of Offices Must Be FlexibleAuthor: Elizabeth StinsonElizabeth Stinson Internet of Things Andy Rubin Has a Plan to Smarten Up the Connected HomeAuthor: David PierceDavid PierceMore Stories View Comments Sponsored StoriesPowered By Outbrain Christopher Null Review: HP Envy 34 Curved All-in-One (2017) David Pierce WWDC 2017: What's Coming at Apple's Big Spring Fling Wired Staff OK, House. Get Smart: Make the Most of Your AI Home Minions David Pierce Skype Hopes Its Redesign Takes It Beyond Video Chat Kyle Wiens The Supreme Court Just Bolstered Your Right to Repair Stuff Arielle Pardes Nest's New Security Cam Keeps a Sharp Eye on Your Smart Home More gear Internet of Things Andy Rubin Has a Plan to Smarten Up the Connected HomeAuthor: David PierceDavid Pierce Voice Interfaces Amazon Imagines a Future of Infinite Computing PowerAuthor: Arielle PardesArielle Pardes Voice Interfaces Siri Finally Got Its Coming Out PartyAuthor: David PierceDavid Pierce Makers With the iMac Pro, Apple Rediscovers the Creative ClassAuthor: Brian BarrettBrian Barrett Smart Home Apple's HomePod Puts Siri in a SpeakerAuthor: David PierceDavid Pierce personal tech Apple's Gorgeous New 10.5 Inch iPad Pro Is All Screen, no BezelAuthor: David PierceDavid Pierce We RecommendPowered By Outbrain Elizabeth Stinson The Beloved *Monument Valley* Returns With an Amazing Sequel David Pierce The New iMac Pro Is Apple's Most Bonkers Computer Ever Elizabeth Stinson This Play Dough Will Teach Your Kids All About Electricity Arielle Pardes How to Watch Apple’s WWDC Keynote Wired Staff WWDC 2017 Liveblog: Siri, iPads, MacBooks, and More Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. submit Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us Securedrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN Collection Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Home News Business Technology Enterprise Gadgets Startups Finance US-Indian Career Magazines Newsletters Blogs Network Members My Story Gyan Advice Life Real Estate Travel Finance Gadgets Jokes Movie Reviews Auto Spotlight Enterprise Enterprise Software IT Services Mobile Enterprise Security Cloud Computing Big Data Networking Semiconductor Social Non Profits Youth under 20 More News US Edition India Edition US Edition India Edition Home News Business Technology Enterprise Gadgets Startups Finance US-Indian Career Magazines Newsletters Blogs Network Members My Story Gyan Advice Life Real Estate Travel Finance Gadgets Jokes Movie Reviews Auto Spotlight Enterprise Enterprise Software IT Services Mobile Enterprise Security Cloud Computing Big Data Networking Semiconductor Social Non Profits Youth under 20 More General | Technology | Enterprise | Startups | Finance | Business | Career | Movie Reviews | Life Food Health Travel Auto | US Indian | Gadgets News ( 1-4 of 8 ) WhatsApp Closer To Unveil 'Recall' Message Feature WINIT Launches Merchandising Solution In India First 'Aeroboat' Made By Indo-Russian JV Unveiled New Google Pgm May Help Kids Fight Trolls NetApp Launches First Startup Accelerator Siemens, TCS Tie-Up For Industrial IoT Services WhatsApp Announces New Features For iPhone Users Micromax Announces Data Partnership With Affle Subscribe for the Dailydose Enlighten yourself by capturing latest News and unique articles from Business and Tech world daily on your mail box. Subscribe Siliconindia Dailydose Now!! Email         -  No, Thanks Follow SiliconIndia : Follow @SINewsUpdates     Processing .....please wait..     The article has been forwarded....      Some error occured      !! Forward this news to your friends & colleague Subject: Receiver's email: For more than one recipient, type addresses separated by commas Your name: Your email: Message: I found an article you might be interested in. Type the characters you see in the picture Forward  Cancel News >> General >> New Google Programme May Help Kids Fight Trolls, Hackers Wednesday, 07 June 2017, 10:47 Hrs Tweet 12 16 19 3 Print Email SAN FRANSICO: Technology giant Google announced a new educational programme, designed to teach children about internet safety issues such as phishing, internet harassment and passwords, the company said in a blogpost. The programme -- called "Be Internet Awesome" -- includes a classroom curriculum and a video game called Interland. "For kids to really make the most of the web, we need to provide guidance as they learn to make their own smart decisions online," Pavni Diwanji, Vice President of the Engineering for kids and families, said in a Google blogpost on Tuesday. "With school out and summer break giving kids more time to spend on the Internet, it's a great time to introduce Be Internet Awesome: a new way to encourage digital safety and citizenship," Diwanji added. The programme includes sections on how to limit sharing personal information with people online, avoid falling for scams or phishing attacks, creating strong passwords, and avoiding negative behaviour online as well as has a "Be Internet Awesome Pledge" that the students can sign. Interland, the accompanying video game, seems less like a training tool and more like a sweetener that could get students interested in the material. Interland also uses a low-poly aesthetic that will be familiar to Daydream virtual reality (VR) users. The programme was developed in collaboration with online safety experts like the Family Online Safety Institute, the Internet Keep Safe Coalition and ConnectSafely. It includes a range of specific resources for kids, educators and parents, so everyone has the tools they need to learn and participate in the conversation. The programme is compliant with International Society for Technology in Education standards, awarded to programs that promote a range of tech-savvy skills, said theverge.com on Tuesday. "Be Internet Awesome" is the latest in Google's string of educational programmes, which range from promoting Chromebooks in the classroom to offering virtual reality field trips through Google Cardboard. Read Also: India, France Pledge To Take Paris Accord Forward Tech Mahindra Leads As Global Engineering R&D Services Provider Source: IANS Don't Miss ( 1-5 of 10 ) World's First 'Aeroboat' Made By Indo-Russian JV Unveiled Siemens, TCS Tie-Up For Industrial IoT Services NetApp Launches Its First Startup Accelerator In Bengaluru New Google Programme May Help Kids Fight Trolls, Hackers WhatsApp Announces New Features For iPhone Users Micromax Announces Data Partnership With Affle WhatsApp Closer To Introducing 'Recall' Message Feature WINIT Launches Merchandising Solution In India India Launches GSAT-19 From Its New, Heaviest Rocket Snap Inc Acquires Location Analytics Startup For $200 Mn Experts on SiliconIndia Santhosh K Sr. Soft. Engg. Oracle India Java Nehal Vyas Sr. Team Lead Cyberoam Tech. Women Rani Malli Sr. Director Philips Women Sr. Executive ISB Marketing Vijay Balkrishna Konduskar Business Consultant Imans Web Tech Marketing Dr L P Sharma Technical Director NIC BI Reena Khanna Founder Solitaireworld Women Dellas Asse sys-network admin Computer Station QA Sign Up for DailyDose and Read the Day's Highlights Email -   Latest Newsletter Follow SiliconIndia : Follow @SINewsUpdates Post your Comment All form fields are required. Your Comment Incorrect please try again Enter the above words: Enter the numbers you hear: Get another CAPTCHA Name Email     Write your comment now Terms of Use   Tweets about siliconindia SiliconIndia:  About Us   |   Contact Us   |   Help   |   Community rules   |   Advertise with us   |   Sitemap   |   News:       Technology   |   Enterprise   |   Gadgets   |   Startups   |   Finance   |   Business   |   Career   |   Magazine  |   Newsletter   |   News archive   Cities:        CEO   |     Startup   |   Mobile   |   CIO   |   Women   |   BI   |   HR   |   SME   |   Cloud   |   Marketing   |   QA   |   Java   |   Web Developer   Community:      Members   |   Blogs   |   Indian Entrepreneurs   |   Gyan   |   Advice   |   Community   |   Find   |   CXO Insights   Online Courses:   Web Developer   |   Java Developer   |   CCNA Training   |   SEO   |   SAS   |   SQL Server 2005   |   J2EE Education:   MBA   |   MCA   |   Engineering   |   Training Institute Life:          Real Estate   |   Travel   |   Finance   |   Gadgets   |   Movie Reviews   |    Jokes   Send your feedback and help us continue to improve SiliconIndia © 2017 InfoConnect Web Technologies India Pvt Ltd. all rights reserved
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / The billion dollar war over maps The billion dollar war over maps Posted on Wednesday, June 7, 2017 by CNN in Business News During a test drive near Ford’s Michigan headquarters, the team noticed something strange with its self-driving cars. Each car shifted slightly at the same point in the lane “as if they were avoiding a pothole,” says Jim McBride, Ford’s senior technical leader for autonomous cars. The problem wasn’t the cars — it was the map. The team had just updated its 3D map of the test route, which helps guide self-driving cars. But a minor glitch caused one pixel on the map to have the wrong data value. It told the car a spot in the ground was raised 10 inches, when it was perfectly level. “The new map looked perfect to the human eye,” McBride says. But not to the eye of a self-driving car. “A single incorrect pixel,” he says, was enough to throw off the cars. The power of that tiny mapping glitch, which happened a few years ago, highlights the newfound importance of a product many consumers likely take for granted. For much of the last decade, digital maps have helped people pull up basic directions while walking and driving. But tech and auto companies are investing in a new generation of maps for a much more demanding audience: self-driving cars. These maps, often referred to as HD maps, go far beyond basic turn-by-turn directions. Some incorporate continuously updating data on lane markings, street signs, traffic signals, potholes and even the height of a curb — all down to the centimeter. The maps help the car place itself in the world with a greater degree of accuracy, augmenting the sensors in the vehicle. As an example, McBride says maps can guide cars when the lane markings are covered by snow or a truck is blocking the car’s view of a traffic signal. It can also free up car sensors to focus on detecting objects not included on the map, like pedestrians. Maps may not get as much attention as videos of self-driving cars on the road, or the LIDAR laser sensors at the heart of a blockbuster lawsuit between Uber and Google. But they are a key piece of the puzzle under the hood. Maps could help ensure safer deployment of self-driving cars in the next years. And they may just have the potential to create a new billion-dollar industry. “If you have an autonomous car, then the map is not going to be an optional feature,” says John Ristevski, former VP of Here, a mapping business once owned by Nokia that offers HD maps. “It’s going to be a core component of the vehicle that will produce ongoing revenue.” Unlike traditional navigation systems sold by companies like TomTom, HD maps may need to be updated as much as daily for certain regions. For example, a busy city street that goes through construction and pedestrian areas might need more frequent data than a long, uninterrupted freeway. Ristevski says that opens up the possibility of a subscription model that could one day bring in “billions” for mapping companies. The race to build up this next generation of maps is only getting more crowded. Google, Uber, Ford and others are each working to collect data for HD maps with sensors in their autonomous cars. At Waymo, Google’s self-driving car division, staffers parse out the data collected to identify objects like driveways and fire hydrants. The cars then “automatically send reports back to our mapping team whenever they detect changes” like construction, according to the company. But this approach is difficult even for companies with a strong bench of technical talent. “If you thought creating regular maps for Google was hard, creating self-driving maps is much, much harder,” says Brian McClendon, Uber’s former VP of maps who previously worked on Google Maps. “The amount of data involved is huge. The precision required is very hard as well.” A number of automakers, including General Motors and Volkswagen, have opted to lean more on third-party services to get their maps off the ground. Mobileye, a self-driving car firm recently acquired by Intel for $15 billion, inked agreements in April with Volkswagen, BMW and Nissan for a mapping product. The goal is to pool together mapping data from car manufacturers “to generate as much scale as possible,” says Dan Galves, Mobileye’s chief communications officer. “You can spend the money, hire the people — assuming you can hire the right guys — but that will take years. That happens too late for this race,” says James Wu, a veteran of the mapping teams at Google and Apple. His startup, DeepMap, announced $32 million in funding last month that will provide a “full-stack mapping service” to companies. Other mapping startups like Civil Maps, backed by Ford, and Mapbox are also working with automakers. Carmera, another startup, came out of stealth mode this week with $6.4 million in funding and plans to crowdsource “real-time” data for maps. That includes offering “pedestrian analytics” and a “real-time event feed” for construction and road closures. Google remains the obvious frontrunner. The company has deep pockets and a longer history investing in self-driving cars and mapping products like Street View and Google Earth. Lars Rasmussen, co-creator of Google Maps, remembers Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin telling his team years ago that they’d “have to spend billions of dollars” on maps “and it’s worth it.” “I think one of the reasons that [maps] excited Larry was that he had this idea of self-driving cars,” says Rasmussen, who left Google for Facebook in 2010. Google may have won the first online mapping battle (sorry Apple), but the HD maps market is still in its early days. The winner — or winners — is far from the finish line. If you believe self-driving cars will eventually operate everywhere, then every city and street will need to be mapped out in granular detail. To put that in context, Uber’s self-driving car team is currently mapping just one city, according to its website: Toronto. “It’s a green field,” says Sravan Puttagunta, founder and CEO of CivilMaps. “No company has established a majority market share, and even the ones that have a couple cities are spending billions maintaining those maps.” As the race heats up, there is a lingering question in the industry about how useful these costly maps will be down the road. Some argue the cars will eventually get smart enough, with deep learning technology, not to need to rely on extensive maps. “In the short term, I can see where it’s vital, but that long term may not even be 10 years,” says Rebecca Lindland, executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book. The “conundrum,” she says, is just as comprehensive maps hit the market, car companies “don’t need them anymore.” The team at Ford is “looking at the possibility” of developing algorithms for the car that don’t require a prior map, according to McBride. But he’s skeptical of ditching maps entirely. “You’d still save the data that you took the first time you drove there,” McBride says, “and use it for the second, third and tenth time to make it better.” Why smartphone security is a luxury for those who can afford it In Paul Ryan's backyard, good jobs are moving to Canada Related Posts Court ‘tormenting’ British firms with new travel rules Hyperloop: Transportation nirvana, or a pipedream? Tech startup Twilio files to go public This Indian city has the world’s worst air Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Membership Options Reports Services Newsletters Events Download: PSFK NYC Retail Guide SIGN INSIGN UP menu Explore by Retail Retail> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All Advertising Advertising> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All Design Design> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All consulting Events Membership Reports Get our Newsletter About Apple Enters The Home Market With Its Own Connected Voice Assistant AI Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members The smart speaker was announced to compete with the likes of Amazon Echo and Google Home Guardian 6 june 2017 This article titled “Apple unveils HomePod speaker to take on Amazon Echo and Google Home” was written by Olivia Solon in San Francisco, for theguardian.com on Monday 5th June 2017 21.23 UTC Apple is launching a smart home speaker called HomePod to compete with the Amazon Echo and Google Home devices, the company revealed at its annual worldwide developer conference. The Cupertino company described the 7in device, which comes in white and “space grey”, as a “breakthrough home speaker” designed to “rock the house”. This means that Apple has placed an emphasis on audio quality, packing the speaker with an array of seven tweeters and a woofer as well as “spatial awareness” that detects its location in a room and adapts the output automatically. In announcing the HomePod, Apple CEO Tim Cook said there were many companies making products for enjoying music in the home but “none have nailed it yet”. He mentioned wireless speaker systems such as Sonos that “sound good but are not smart” and “other smart speakers” (presumably a reference to Amazon Echo and Google Home) that “don’t sound great”. “We want to combine this all,” he said. HomePod is controlled using Siri, the company’s voice-activated personal assistant, which has, according to Apple, been trained to be better at answering questions about music such as “Hey Siri, who’s the drummer in this?” “Apple reinvented portable music with iPod, and now HomePod will reinvent how we enjoy music wirelessly throughout our homes,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice-president of worldwide marketing. The device can also be used to send messages, get updates on news, sports and weather and control smart home devices connected using Apple’s HomeKit. Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the Homepod. Photograph: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images At $349, it will be more expensive than Google Home ($109) and Amazon Echo ($179) but cheaper than the Sonos Play 5 ($499). The product will launch in the US, UK and Australia in December 2017 and in other markets in 2018. “I think it’s a very Apple-esque product in that it seeks to stake out the high end of a market with its technology, price and positioning,” said analyst Paul Erickson from IHS Markit. However, Erickson described the price point as “aspirational” given that consumer expectations have been set by cheaper competitors, “although Apple has done a great job of being extremely profitable without having to cater to the mainstream, and they will drop their price over time”, he said. Besides the HomePod, Apple unveiled a collection of new and upgraded products, including a new computer, the $4,999 iMac Pro. The more powerful iMac is intended to address concerns of creative professionals who had been limited to much less powerful iMacs or the much-loved Mac Pro, which hasn’t been updated since 2013. There was also a new 10.5in version of the iPad Pro, the tablet for professional users, which can support a full-sized keyboard cover. The device has a better display, is faster, and comes with 64GB of memory. The device will start at $649 and start shipping next week. There’s also a 12.9in version that starts at $799. “We’ve been pushing the boundary of iPads, and today, we’re going to push them further than we ever have before,” Cook said. Just as Google and Facebook did at their developer conferences this year, Apple announced an augmented reality platform called ARKit to allow developers to more easily create augmented reality apps, such as Pokémon Go, which overlay digital objects on to the real world. Apple’s senior vice-president of software engineering, Craig Federighi, demonstrated the company’s AR capabilities by placing a virtual coffee cup, lamp and vase onto a real table. Given that it is already supported by millions of iPads and iPhones it will, Federighi said, “be the largest AR platform in the world”. There were also a couple of updates to Apple’s web browser, Safari, including a speed boost that makes it, according to Apple, the fastest ever desktop browser. It also introduced autoplay blocking, which stops music and video from playing automatically without your permission on websites as well as “intelligent tracking prevention”, which stops ads from following you around the web. Read more about Apple’s announcements from WWDC on the Guardian’s liveblog. guardian.co.uk © Guardian News & Media Limited 2010 Published via the Guardian News Feed plugin for WordPress. Lead Image: Apple’s HomePod. Photograph: Apple/EPA +amazon Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Apple Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +artificial inteligence Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Google Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +home Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +HomePod Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +retail Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Siri Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +smart home Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Syndicated Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +technology Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +the guardian Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +voice assistant Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending Tech And The City: Three Reasons We Love New York This Week Isabella Alimonti Posted June 6, 2017 Advertising Arts & Culture Today This Art Exhibit Uses Presidential Tweets To Nurture A Lavender Field Advertising Today Bumble Is Opening A Real Space In New York For Dates To Meet Up Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: The NYC Retail Guide Design & Architecture Today NYCxDesign: The Best Tech Related Products From ICFF Home Today NYCxDesign: The Best Tech Related Products From ICFF Analysis & Newsletters Get Our Newsletter: Non-members can sign up for a free dose of daily and weekly insights. Related Expert Ryan Closner Renaissance Software Engineer IoT Today [News] T-Mobile launching its flexible 'Digits' plan on May 31st Automotive Today BMW Scooter Concept Knows Where You Want To Go Food Today Let This Smart Spice Kiosk Help Season Your Meals Guides DOWNLOAD: PSFK NYC Retail Guide - Exploring Innovation Within A Global Retail Hub PSFK Op-Ed may 25, 2017 Why Social VR Probably Won’t Work the Way Social VR Developers Think PSFK Labs may 26, 2017 Download PSFK's New York City Retail Guide Asia Yesterday Asian Cities Are Set To Benefit Dramatically From Green Growth Augmented & Virtual Reality Yesterday The Joystick Of The VR World Is Self-Balancing PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Membership Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Children Yesterday Scan This Interactive Kids' Wallpaper To Reveal A Bedtime Story Retail Yesterday Amazon Patents A Shipping Label With Built-In Parachute For Dropping Deliveries From Drones Videos Framing The Future…Live: Membership includes full access to our video archive of thought-leaders. Education Yesterday NYCxDesign: Exhibit Offers Reality Check Of Social Institution Decay Debriefs DOWNLOAD: The Food Debrief - Cognitive retail for anytime, anywhere convenience Sustainability Yesterday This Robot Fish Could Make Fish Farms More Productive Financial Services Yesterday This Financial Startup Is Looking To Offer The World's First Open Source Bank Accounts Events & Webinars Join Fellow Change-Makers: Meet other like-minded members at our inspiration sessions every month. Fashion Yesterday Touch-Controlled Smart Denim Is Coming To A Store Near You Fitness & Sport Yesterday Cricketers Get Connected Bats That Improve Swings With Data Advertising Yesterday Say Hello to A Hamptons Drive-Through Rosé Service No search results found. daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts pdf download Shared 10 20 posts pdf download NYCxDesign: Exhibit Offers Reality Check Of Social Institution Decay Design & Architecture Statistics [News] A Senator Just Introduced The First-Ever National Gig Economy Bill [News] Whole Foods to open free-standing restaurant in Midtown on June 1 [News] T-Mobile launching its flexible ‘Digits’ plan on May 31st [News] L’Oreal uses AR to bring Cannes beauty looks to life [Insight] Teens Don’t Know Whether to Trust Ads [News] Amazon patents shipping label with built-in parachute for dropping packages from drones [Insight] Nest Cam IQ uses Google AI to make the smart home a bit smarter [News] Amazon is giving playwrights $5 million to create stories for Audible [News] Hilton’s New Design Brings the Gym to the Guest Room [News] Study finds mushrooms are the safest recreational drug [Stat] The gig economy workforce will double in four years [News] WeWork has quietly launched a fitness business called WeWork Wellness [Insight] Influencer posts are 8 times more popular than brand posts in China [Stat] It Could Be 10 Times Cheaper To Take Electric Robo-Taxis Than To Own A Car By 2030 [News] Gillette Rival Schick to Launch Online Shave Club [News] Kik’s new cryptocurrency will let minors make in-bot purchases [News] German heavy metal fest builds beer pipeline to keep revellers pumped [News] Burger King and Taco Bell (YUM) are adding beer to fast food menus [News] James Corden is getting his own Snapchat show, the first from CBS [News] Google now knows when its users go to the store and buy stuff [Insight] Amazon’s Latest Market Disruption: 1.7 Million Free Bananas [News] Hound Labs raises $8.1 million to combat stoned drivers with cannabis breathalyzers [Inspiration] Sweden is adopting new tack to bring in tourists [News] Peach Becomes Japan’s First Airline to Accept Payment in Bitcoin [News] Chinese Online Retailer JD.com Is Developing Heavy-Duty Delivery Drones [Infographic] 50% of Gen Z ‘Can’t Live Without YouTube’ [Stat] New Report Shows What Diners Want from Technology in 2017 [News] Parsons Designs Clothes for People of All Abilities [News] Scientists 3-D Print Mouse Ovaries That Actually Make Babies [News] San Francisco is considering legislation that would ban sidewalk delivery robots Sign Up Newsletter Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Custom Research Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions + get the new report Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot June 8, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   Events  >   Accelerated Mobile Pages vs Facebook Instant Articles: Is Google winning the mobile war? Accelerated Mobile Pages vs Facebook Instant Articles: Is Google winning the mobile war? Events Mobile 07 Jun 17 | Andy Favell Facebook0 Linkedin17 Google+6 Twitter 23 Articles published with Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) load four times faster than standard mobile pages with a 35% improvement in engagement time, according to new research from Chartbeat. Facebook Instant Articles (FIA), a key competitor to Google’s AMP product, load faster than AMP. But publishers see three times as many AMP articles viewed per day than FIA articles. This comes hot on the heels of a stream of encouraging news on AMP from the Google I/O keynotes, presented by VP product management Rahul Roy-Chowdhury and Malte Ubl, creator and tech lead of the AMP Project. These included: There are now 2 billion AMP pages from over 900,000 domains, as of May 2017. A year ago there were 125 million AMP pages. An average AMP page loads in less than a second and uses ten times less data than a normal mobile page. AMP supporters and partners include Twitter, Tumblr, Qzone, Weibo, Pinterest, LinkedIn, Bing, Feedly, Nuzzle. AliExpress reduced load times by 36% with AMP, helping to increase orders by 10.5% and conversion rates by 27%. Meanwhile, in late May 2017, Facebook announced an extension to its Software Development Kit (SDK) so that articles produced for FIA will also be publishable as AMP articles, and soon also as Apple News. This is in response to publisher frustration at having to produce content in different formats for different platforms. Facebook’s move could also be a reaction to a number of publishers reportedly dropping Facebook Instant Articles, and a recognition the FIA is losing ground to AMP. A recap: What is AMP? AMP is special type of slim-line mobile webpage, which is an open source project, led, or controlled (depending on your viewpoint), by Google. AMP web pages are faster because: AMP is not part of the publisher’s main website (less baggage to download). The content is static (less interactive baggage to stall download). The articles are pre-cached on servers around the world, by Google or its AMP partners, so they are closer to the user (faster to download). Any web page could be – and should be – speeded up in a similar way, by reducing page bloat, and using caching via a content delivery network. But the advantage of AMP is Google will only cache AMP pages and Google promotes AMP pages in mobile search above non-AMP pages. As demonstrated by the following screenshots, of a Google search for “Trump” captured concurrently on a tablet and smartphone, using the tool mobilizer, AMP news stories dominate mobile search results for topical terms. Not just in the picture-led carousel of news, but throughout search results. AMP doesn’t feature at all in tablet results, which is baffling. What the difference between AMP, Facebook Instant Articles, and Apple News articles? Facebook Instant Articles and Apple News are news articles from third-party publishers that appear in the newsfeed on the Facebook app and within the Apple News app, respectively. They are tightly controlled by Facebook and Apple and only available to users of those apps. They are also not discoverable through web search or other third party sites or apps. While these platforms present additional distribution channels for publishers, there is a double drawback to using them: the potential for losing out on direct traffic to their own sites and apps (where they potentially control all the ad revenue), and also the need to prepare articles in three additional formats. The stats Chartbeat’s research is particularly interesting as it provides an independent assessment of AMP and a comparison with FIA. There’s no inclusion of Apple News in the research, which is unfortunate as little is known about the platform except that it has 70 million users, according to Recode. Chartbeat compared 360 sites that use both AMP and FIA, from its 50,000 media sites that use its analytics tools. So how did AMP stack up in the race against Facebook? Speed and engagement Let’s start with speed and engagement. The research found the average mobile web article took 5.3 seconds to load, but AMP took 1.4 seconds. That’s not as quick as Google’s claim of under a second, but it is a four-fold improvement. FIA loaded in a fraction of that time at 0.001 seconds, on most occasions too fast for Chartbeat to measure. Comparing the read time of visitors coming from search, Chartbeat found readers engage with AMP articles for an average of 48 seconds v 36 seconds for normal mobile articles i.e. 35% longer. There were no comparable engagement stats for FIA. Considering AMP’s focus on speed, this comparison with FIA is embarrassing. However, Google is already working on speeding up AMP. In his Google I/O keynote, Malte Ubl announced a plan to make AMP twice as fast to deliver “first contentful paint” – a technical term referring to the first ‘interesting bit’ of a webpage that the browser loads. In practice, this will make it twice as quick to access the important part of a document, e.g. the text in an article, when clicked through from search. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin17 Google+6 Twitter 23 Related articles How to optimize your mobile site speed: Testing for issues Voice search: A digital space race Optimizing for voice assistants: Why actions speak louder than words How video impacts mobile web performance and UX, part 3: detecting and remedying issues Article volume On a daily basis, publishers see three times as many AMP articles viewed as FIA articles, according to Chartbeat. The report authors concluded from these results that content has a longer lifespan on AMP, or receives traffic for more days from AMP, than from Facebook Instant Articles. Article volume matters to publishers. Especially when they have to reproduce content for different platforms, as well as, and in competition with, their own sites and apps. As noted above, Facebook has opened up its SDK so articles produced for FIA would also be AMP and Apple News ready. Similarly, if AMP volume continues to plateau for these publishers as Chartbeat suggests it has since the beginning of the year, publishers could become restless. AMP vs mobile web The biggest competitor to AMP probably isn’t FIA or Apple News; it’s the plain old mobile web. Chartbeat’s research shows that publishers that use AMP and FIA have seen them steadily make more of an impact on mobile traffic. But today AMP is 16% of all mobile traffic for AMP publishers, and FIA is 14.8% of all mobile traffic for FIA publishers. While this is still significant, the majority of mobile traffic is not made up of either. Not everyone is happy with AMP There has been a growing number of voices of dissent to AMP. A lot of this sentiment is summed up in this provocative Register article, calling on Google to “Kill AMP before it kills the web”. It’s clear from the Google I/O keynote that AMP publishers have also raised issues. Elena Legeros highlighted and addressed four key challenges: All AMP pages look the same. Response: Google is releasing more templates through AMP start. It’s hard to measure/track visits to AMP pages. Response: Google Analytics is working with third party analytics companies to improve this. Not everyone likes AMP URLs in Google Search. Response: Google recognizes that it is frustrating. Will work with partners to display the original article URL. AMP pages do not monetize well through ads. Response: Google disagrees. Andy Favell is Search Engine Watch’s columnist on mobile. He is a London-based freelance mobile/digital consultant, journalist and web editor. Contact him via LinkedIn or Twitter at Andy_Favell. Andy Favell is a writer for Search Engine Watch, web editor and mobile/digital consultant. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading Google I/O: What’s going on with Progressive Web Apps? At Google's developer jamboree, Google I/O, last week the search giant paraded a host of big name case studies and compelling stats to herald its success with two initiatives to make the mobile web better and faster: Progressive Web Apps (PWA) and Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP). Events Mobile 23 May 17 | Andy Favell How video impacts mobile web performance and UX, part 2: autoplay and audio Mobile video is a major up-and-coming trend in content, with brands everywhere converging on the new and lucrative mobile video market. In Part 2 of our three-part series, we'll look at the contentious subject of autoplaying videos and their impact on mobile webpage performance, as well as how audio can delay page speed. Mobile Video 19 May 17 | Andy Favell How marketers can position their company to grow with Generation Z Compared to millennials, who were mobile pioneers, Gen Z teens - current 13-17 year olds - are mobile natives. A report by Think With Google has shed some light onto their habits, preferences, and what type of marketing they respond to best. Industry Mobile 15 May 17 | Amanda DiSilvestro How video impacts mobile web performance and UX, part 1: data and download speed Video content is top of the agenda for many brands. It is proving a great way to engage customers and visitors, but when viewed on mobile devices, often video should come with a health warning. Why does mobile video impact page performance, and what can be done about it? Mobile Video 12 May 17 | Andy Favell Tags accelerated mobile pages | AMP Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL chris.williams@contentive.com sam.lawson@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/06/07/the-highs-and-lows-of-google-amp-1-5-years-on/ Send × Want to stay on top of search trends? Get top insights and news from our search expertsDelivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
Recent Posts Sprint and Tidal’s alliance bears fruit: six free months of HiFi service for Now Network customers Oh, no, now the Galaxy Note 8 is also rumored to skip the display-integrated fingerprint sensor Unlocked US LG G6 drops to $550 at B&H on its own, $600 with LG Watch Style bundled in Moto Z2 Play lands in India before the US, at a lower $435 price with various pre-order offers European OnePlus 5 price tipped at €550 by super-credible source, likely converting to $550 stateside Recent Comments Anonymous on How-to Block Porn on your Android (or other mobile phone) Anonymous on Nokia 909 was indeed the original name of the Nokia Lumia 1020 Anonymous on Adoptable Storage: Android Marshmallow’s hidden feature that your phone probably can’t use Anonymous on Here’s why you should use 5GHz WiFi instead of 2.4GHz Anonymous on Amazon Echo out of stock, won’t be replenished for a month Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Phones Reviews Security & Privacy Tablets Uncategorized Wearables webOS Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org logo sidebar Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Navigation Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Android Security & Privacy: Location Tracking, ergo ‘They Know Where You Are’ by Joe LeviJune 7, 2017 5:24 am Contents Full Article Rating Comments Advertisement Security and Privacy are two vitally important components of any successful society. Today’s connected world, where we carry computers in our pockets and share all our details on social networks, makes them even more so. This section of Pocketnow is devoted to why security and privacy are important, how you can protect yourself in today’s connected world, and pitfalls to be aware of and avoid — with the objective of helping you and your loved ones stay safe in an ever-changing world. ~ So far in this series, we’ve talked about encrypting your Internet traffic using a VPN, how to avoid getting infected by malware, how to physically secure your phone, how to encrypt your communications, and more. To review our definitions, Privacy is the state or condition of being free from being observed by other people, and Security is the state of being free from danger or threat (which is the literal application of Privacy). Unfortunately, one of the biggest “features” of our mobile devices is also one of the largest areas of concern when it comes to privacy: location tracking. Location Tracking Ten years ago, if I’d have told you that your service provider (T-Mobile, Verizon, Virgin, Xfinity, etc.), your ecosystem provider (Apple, Microsoft, Google, Samsung, etc.), and even websites you visit could know where you are, you would probably have argued they couldn’t or simply dismissed my claims out of hand. Even then, however, carriers could tell where you were to a startling degree of accuracy, and even websites could identify roughly where you were based only on your IP address. Today, GPS, aGPS, and GLOSNASS can pinpoint your location down to a few feet – and nobody bats an eye. We use these “location services” for navigation, car services (like Lyft and Uber), to find restaurants and entertainment nearby, and even to track family members. The pictures we snap are tagged with the date, time, and location of where they were taken. Facebook and other social networks tell us when a “friend” is nearby. Again, we aren’t concerned because all these features are “convenient”. Don’t believe me? Check out Google’s Timeline to see what location data one such company is collecting about you. We’re trading our privacy for convenience. GPS Not Required The argument I’m often met with is that this location data is “private” – it’s not accessible to the public. That’s simply not true. Take a look at your “friends” on Facebook, for example. How many of them are actually your friends? How many of them are you comfortable with knowing where you are? How many are you comfortable with knowing who your children are, where they are, and what their schedules are? If you said you’re comfortable with all of them knowing, you’re more trustworthy than I am. That notwithstanding, how many of those friends are using secure passwords? How many are using passwords unique to each site they log into (versus the same password for virtually every site they log into)? How many use 2-factor authentication? You’re not sure? All it takes is one of your friends’ accounts to be hacked or compromised and your pictures, your status updates, and your kids’ schedules are now accessible to a complete stranger. You can deny this happens, but every week we’re hearing about another hack and are being told to reset our passwords – and that’s just the intrusions that are reported by the media, how many go unreported, or even unnoticed? The response I typically get to pointing out that inconvenient reality is that they can simply “turn their GPS off”. That’s nice – but there is a bigger problem, and it’s built into your cellphone and the way it works. You can’t “turn off” this vulnerability without taking the battery out of your phone or putting it in a bag that blocks electromagnetic waves. Stingray Even with WiFi and GPS/GLOSNASS turned off, your phone still “talks” to cell phone towers. It’s usually in communication with a few of them at any given time and, generally speaking, is connected to the one with the strongest signal. There is some overhead in hopping between towers, and a tower with a stronger signal may already be “full” and not able to take your phone’s connection, but the only way your phone can know that is by “talking” (albeit briefly, and without your knowledge) to any tower that it “hears”. What if the cell phone tower that your phone is talking to isn’t really a cell phone tower? That’s exactly the case with the “Stingray”, a secret device used by various law enforcement and government agencies to spy on and track people – and most of the time (as court records have shown) without a warrant. The way these devices work is by imitating a cell phone tower, devices then “see” them and try to connect with them, in so doing they disclose your phone’s unique identifier and the reported signal strength at which your phone “hears” the Stingray. With this information and some signal processing software, whoever is in control of these devices can identify and map the locations of every cellular device (phones, laptops, tablets, and now even smart watches and connected cars). The argument I hear most often about these is “if you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear”. But how many of these devices exist? Are all of them accounted for, or are a number of them “missing”? Are they always used only when authorized by a judge with a lawful warrant justifying their use? Is the information of all the other devices “seen” by these “spy boxes” discarded immediately, or is that data held on to for some undetermined time? The government won’t answer these questions – that alone should concern you. Even if you’re comfortable with their use by law enforcement when supported by a sufficient warrant, are you comfortable with anyone in general having access to such hardware – because if even one such device is “in the wild” or “lost”, you can rest assured that it’s being duplicated and other such devices are being sold to whoever wants to buy them. What Can You Do? This is one of those articles where there really isn’t much that you, as an individual, can do. Yes, you can turn off location services or tell your photos app not to tag the location where your pictures are taken, but just by having your phone on, cellular providers and those with access to Stingray-type devices can know where you are. What about inadvertently sharing private information with “friends” who are at an increased risk for having their accounts compromised (due to weak passwords, old passwords, failure to use 2-factor authentication, etc.)? To address those concerns I’m calling upon social network providers to add those as privacy options. For example, I should be able to choose to share my posts with friends and friends of friends, but only those who (a) are using “strong passwords”, and (b) have 2-factor authentication turned on and configured. Then, when “friends” would have seen one of my posts in their timeline, I’d like a big, red “NO” sign displayed alongside a message that says “Your friend has limited their posts to be seen by friends with secure accounts, and yours isn’t secure enough for them. Click here to change your password to a stronger one and to add 2-factor authentication to your account so you can see your friend’s posts”. In the meantime, if you’re not using two-factor (or two-step) authentication on your accounts, go set it up. Google Authenticator is a pretty good app which works on Apple as well as Android devices and has support for several of the sites which I use. I realize that this article, unlike the others so far, doesn’t include a lot of “here’s the problem, here’s the solution” scenarios. In this case, the best “solution” I can offer is the knowledge that the problems exist – and can fairly easily be exploited. Now it’s up to you to harden your accounts and put pressure on service providers, friends, and even family to do the same. Share This Post Advertisement likethis What's your reaction? Love It 29% Like It 29% Want It 14% Had It 29% Hated It 0% Posted In Android, BlackBerry, iOS, Phones, Security & Privacy, Windows Tags aGPS, Editorial, GLONASS, GPS, location, maps, privacy, security, Security & Privacy aGPS, Editorial, GLONASS, GPS, location, maps, privacy, security, Security & Privacy About The Author Joe Levi Joe graduated from Weber State University with two degrees in Information Systems and Technologies. He has carried mobile devices with him for more than a decade, including Apple's Newton, Microsoft's Handheld and Palm Sized PCs, and is Pocketnow's "Android Guy".By day you'll find Joe coding web pages, tweaking for SEO, and leveraging social media to spread the word. By night you'll probably find him writing technology and "prepping" articles, as well as shooting video.Read more about Joe Levi here. Advertisement Recent Posts Sort   Sprint and Tidal’s alliance bears fruit: six free months of HiFi service for Now Network cu... Oh, no, now the Galaxy Note 8 is also rumored to skip the display-integrated fingerprint sensor Unlocked US LG G6 drops to $550 at B&H on its own, $600 with LG Watch Style bundled in Moto Z2 Play lands in India before the US, at a lower $435 price with various pre-order offers 12345 1234 Recommended Videos Connect with Pocketnow Advertisement Recent Podcast Episodes Sort   The Unnecessary LG phones and the Essential Phone | #PNWeekly 255 Convertibles, Project Treble and Fear China! | #PNWeekly 254 Let’s chat HTC U11 and playing Zelda on your phone! | Pocketnow Weekly 253 12345 1234 Recent Interviews Sort   Panay: Surface Pro 5? How about “meaningful change” with your “Surface Pro Next... Smartphone Addiction and Digital Mental Health: Dr. Timothy Fong Interview, UCLA Neuroscience (Vi... Redditor dissatisfied that his Google Pixel speaker issue ends in refund 12345 1234 Recent Videos Sort   This is iOS 11 and watchOS 4! HTC U11 Real Camera Review: Basic, Bright, Beautiful (Video) New 10.5-inch iPad Pro, Apple’s Weird HomePod thoughts & more – Pocketnow Daily 12345 1234 Get in touch About Us Contact Us Tip Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Follow Us ©2017 Pocketnow.com. All rights reserved, Hagshama Keebali Investments Two General Partnership Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news Compare Go
Client Login Receiver Login Issue Release Services The Process SMNR Pricing Partners Why RealWire? Testimonials RealStories PR Filter Knowledge About Our Story The Team RealWire News Contact Enquiries PR Sign Up Receiver Sign Up Twitter FeedsRealWire Limited Delivering Relevance, Releasing Influence Send Release|Receive Releases|Archive|FAQ's RSSTwitterLinkedInVimeoYouTube Issue Date 7 Jun 2017 Images Marcus Tober, CTO and founder of Searchmetrics view Related Links Finance Ranking Factors – Data Insights for Performing on Google Release Feed RSS FeedSearchmetrics Feed Share Release Tweet Facebook LinkedIn blink it Reddit! Stumble It! Add to Diigo Bookmark this on Delicious Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Press Release New Searchmetrics Study provides Financial Brands with industry-specific insights on how to be successful on Google Research highlights the Google ranking factors for financial services websites SAN MATEO, Calif. (June 7, 2017) ‒ New research highlights the key industry-specific factors that are commonly found in bank, insurance and other financial services websites that rank higher in Google searches. Among the main findings: having highly relevant content is even more important in financial services than in other sectors top ranking financial websites use the searched keyword on their site far less than other websites that rank high plus their pages tend to be more streamlined, loading a second faster than other high-ranking pages and may even use fewer images and videos The study also reveals that financial services web pages that rank high on Google are 70% more likely to be shared or engaged with on LinkedIn (than other content that ranks highly). But financial content is less popular on Facebook. Marcus Tober, CTO and founder of Searchmetrics The insights come from Searchmetrics, a specialist in search and content optimization, which analyzed the top 20 Google search results for over 6,000 finance-related keywords (including terms such as ‘mortgage rates’, ‘Insurance’ and ‘foreign exchange’) to identify the most commonly occurring elements, important Ranking Factors as well as features where finance stands out. The findings were compared with a broader Searchmetrics benchmark study that analyzed the results of 10,000 general search queries applicable across all industries. The research is summarized in the whitepaper: Finance Ranking Factors – Data Insights for Performing on Google’. “If you are a financial services organization, it’s essential to rank well within search engines. That’s where most customers start their research for everything from mortgages and loans to investing in stocks,” explains Marcus Tober, founder and CTO at Searchmetrics. “But financial brands can no longer rely solely on general, widely applicable search and content optimization strategies to help their content rank higher. Our study shows they now need to do a variety of industry-specific things that are important for ranking well in finance searches.” According to Tober, this is because Google is getting smarter. With the help of machine learning and other technologies, the search engine now has a greater understanding of the intention behind the words people enter in to the search bar, allowing it to deliver more relevant, industry-specific results. For example, Google can identify if queries relate to finance, travel or other vertical sectors and displays results that use elements that most effectively address the needs of searchers within those individual categories. Below are five key learnings from the Searchmetrics study that can help finance brands rank higher on Google. 1. Content relevance is even more important in financial services Pages that rank in the top ten Google results for financial services searches have a higher content relevance than the top ten results for general search queries (that Searchmetrics analyzed in its benchmark study). The company measures content relevance[1] using Big Data computing to compare the semantic relation of the words people enter into the search bar with both related topics and the text that appears in the pages listed in search results. In fact, the study found that Google’s top ten results for financial services queries have a content relevance score for the central part of the page that is 50% higher on average than the most relevant content found in the general benchmark study. 2. Frequently mentioning keywords is not necessary High-ranking financial services content uses the searched keyword three times less frequently in the body text than high ranking content in the benchmark study. Across the first 20 positions, the keyword only appears on the page 2.1 times, whereas for general search queries the overall average is 7.4: more than three times as many. Repeating the same words can come across as unnatural to website visitors and it’s likely that in financial services searches Google is putting even greater emphasis on rewarding sites that provide content that is easy to understand and uses natural language to answer searchers’ questions. 3. Hold off on menus, buttons and other interactive elements on the page Of all the industries analyzed by Searchmetrics, financial services pages ranking on Google’s first page have the fewest interactive elements such as buttons and menus: 29% below the benchmark average. This strongly suggests that the focus for pages ranking for finance-related topics is on helping visitors to absorb the content on the page, and not on navigational elements such as buttons or menus than can lead visitors to other parts of the site. This makes good sense as complex finance-related content often requires visitors to focus. 4. Keep file sizes small ‒ for example by using fewer images and videos The file sizes of top 10 results in financial services searches are around 30% smaller than the overall average. One explanation is that pages that provide information related to finance tend to make less use of images and/or videos that can produce bigger pages. This also ties in with why financial services results tend to load a second quicker on average. Interestingly, while video is a great way to capture website visitors’ attention, some studies suggest that when people are making important, complex decisions such as choosing a mortgage or insurance product, text works better. 5. Top financial content drives more LinkedIn interactions than other topics The top 20 results in finance searches attract just a fifth as many Facebook likes and shares as the benchmark average. However, they have 70% more social signals from the professional network LinkedIn. While there is no proof of a causal link between greater LinkedIn or Facebook engagement and higher rankings, the study does suggest that sites ranking higher for finance-related queries are also very popular among LinkedIn users. So LinkedIn as a professional social network seems to be a relevant social channel for finance topics. To download ‘Finance Ranking Factors - Data Insights for Performing on Google’ visit: www.searchmetrics.com/knowledge-base/ranking-factors-finance/. This is one of a series of Searchmetrics industry-specific ranking factors studies focusing on individual verticals. You can download its analysis of eCommerce ranking factors here and expect to see further studies on the travel, media and health verticals in the coming months. [1]Content Relevance is based on measurement methods which use linguistic corpora and the conceptualization of semantic relationships between words as distances in the form of vectors. For the semantic evaluation of a text, this makes it possible to analyze the keyword and the content separately from one another. Searchmetrics can calculate a content relevance score for a complete text on a certain keyword or topic. The higher the relevance score, the more relevant the content of the analyzed landing page for the given search query. To make Content Relevance more meaningful, its calculation actually excludes instances of simple keyword matches between search queries and search results. About the study Searchmetrics analyzed the top 20 desktop search results on Google.com for over 6,000 industry-specific keywords that are relevant to the financial services sector. It identified the common factors that are present in these results and how strongly they correlate with search ranking positions. The findings were then compared with Searchmetrics’ separate study of Google ranking factors which analyzed the results for a general set of 10,000 keywords applicable across all verticals. About Searchmetrics We are your pathfinder to content that uniquely matches user intent with the deep learning insights of the Searchmetrics SuiteTM and Searchmetrics Content Experience platforms. Search has evolved into a data-driven field that requires powerful tools to guide companies through discovery, optimization and measurement of engaging storytelling. There’s only one search and content development platform that owns its data: Searchmetrics, the world’s #1 SEO and content performance platform. We don’t rely on data from third parties. Our historical database spans five years and contains over 250 billion pieces of information, such as keyword rankings, search terms, social links and backlinks. It includes global, mobile and local data covering organic and paid search, as well as social media. We have the largest global reach of any search platform, crawling the web every day in more than 130 countries. Searchmetrics monitors and reveals the full business available to you online. We provide our customers with a competitive advantage and help them to identify new business opportunities by exposing the content consumers are engaging with on industry and competitors’ sites. Our SEO Visibility Score − trusted by reputable media sources such as The New York Times, Bloomberg and The Guardian − reliably indicates your online presence. We provide the insights our customers need to deliver results. Searchmetrics guides SEOs and content marketers with suggestions for creating content that improves relevance and boosts conversions. It shows the connection between social media links and overall engagement. And its analytics make clear which content performs the best and how an organization’s content performs against its competitors’. With Marcus Tober, one of the top 10 SEO minds in the world, leading Searchmetrics’ product development, we have over 100,000 users worldwide, many of whom are respected brands such as T-Mobile, eBay and Siemens. They all depend on Searchmetrics and our 12 years of product innovation to maximize their online performance. More information: www.searchmetrics.com. Media Contact Uday Radia CloudNine PR Agency uradia@cloudninepr.com +44 (0)7940 584161 Contact us +44 (0)1522 883640Follow us RSSTwitterLinkedInVimeoYouTube Copyright © 2011 - 2017 Realwire Limited, all rights reserved.Privacy Policy   |   Disclaimer
CLOSE Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Thursday, June 8, 2017 Insider K Street Lifestyle Opinion Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Home Technology Are Minorities Being Left Behind in the Google+ Migration? Policy Technology Are Minorities Being Left Behind in the Google+ Migration? By Jeneba Ghatt - 2:30pm July 18, 2011 21872 92 SHARE Facebook Twitter For all the talk about US Blacks and Hispanics being the most active users of Twitter and having a substantial membership on Facebook, it seems they may not be quickly migrating to and taking advantage of Google’s latest attempt at breaking into the social media sphere, the Google + project. It is still quite early in the Google+ roll out, but according to a recent analysis, membership on that site has grown 350% since it launched to members of the tech community on an invite-only basis on June 28.   Today, there are reports that over 10 million people have already joined Google +.   But scan the profile images of some of the 940,000 users  listed on the website Find People on Plus and you may notice the dearth of brown and black faces among users.  And even among those who managed to get an early invite, they are like many of the later adopters who do not necessarily “get” the new platform yet and have simply set up a basic profile and have not used it since.  Much of the buzz of the site had to do with the fact that so few people were allowed on in its earliest Beta testing stages. The curious all wanted a golden ticket. The site is used most actively now by the crowd of adventurous tech aficionados who are anxious to see Google finally get the social media thing right.  Google’s previous experiments with Buzz, Orkut, and Wave all failed to take off.   Google+ is slowly creating a new category of user addicts because it is cleaner, so far Ad-Free, and is touted as not being riddled with the same privacy concerns as Facebook, neither is it saddled with applications that litter users streams with gaming updates, for example.    Many Google+ users spend their time sharing ideas and tips on how to navigate the site.  They also lament how much better it is than Facebook in that it allows them more control over with whom they share information and interact, and how much easier it is to filter out those who they want to limit access to certain updates or photos. Who is on Google+ now? It still may be too soon to be taking a critical look at users of a 3-week old site, but since it launched, several articles have examined every aspect of the site including the fact that at one point, only 10% of its users were female.  Because more and more studies reveal that Hispanics and Blacks have higher than average mobile phone ownership and are accessing broadband through their mobile devices, it is not too presumptuous to think those groups would have been early adopters of Google+.  The “digital elite” , the interconnected web of popular bloggers, technical experts and early adopters to the newest technologies,  made up the earliest invitees.  This elite group is quite monolithic and for the most part includes middle to upper middle class professional whites and Asians.   In America anyway, most socialize in racially segregated circles so when Google allowed those on the site to invite their friends, it should come as no surprise then why the second wave of users mirrored the racial make up of the first wave.  Members of the black Technoratti who work with and associate with the general population of tech experts have a  healthy representation on Google+ now as well.  Perhaps, as they began to invite their circle of friends, they helped diversify the site. But beyond these audacious early users,  many are still skeptical about adopting yet another social media platform, and especially one that is not necessarily intuitive.   Google + requires people to categorize their network of family, friends, and colleagues into neat circles and enables users to participate in simultaneous video chat and explore articles categorized by interest. Google+ is not that intuitive as the tech savvy application development community may think.  It certainly is  not as turnkey as Facebook.  With Facebook, anyone can  pretty easily figure out the lay of the land within moments of signing up.  Not so much with Google +.   In response to some user confusion, there have been over two dozen articles published by leading tech publications and sites explaining how to navigate the site.  A killer competitor to Facebook  shouldn’t be so difficult to circumnavigate. And even then, many have already invested lots of  time cultivating a home on Facebook, building photo albums and “friending” long lost classmates and relatives.  It will take a lot to get many reluctant and less active  folks to adopt Google +.  So the question remains whether it will survive the initial rounds of early users, folks who are eager for its success and will more quickly appreciate its benefits. But then again, not all people “got” Twitter initially either.  Minorities slowly gravitated to it as well and have since taken over,  some reports say.   An Edison Research annual report on Twitter  showed that Blacks represented 25% of Twitter users, roughly twice their share of the population in general.  A Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project report showed slightly lower usage statistics, but still impressive, indicating usage among blacks and Hispanics proportionate to their population at 13% and 18%, respectively. Google+  shares user demographics based on region of the country, profession, and gender but not race.   When Google opens the site to all users, we may likely see more minorities migrate over but not as quickly as one would think or some would want. Social media expert Lindsay Holmes, owner of LCH Business, a branding & marketing company, says while Google+ may be a competitor to Facebook, she doesn’t think Google+ will be Twitter killer. “People who get Twitter and use it for marketing won’t abandon it that fast because they know its utility and Google+ can’t compete,” Holmes said. ” If there is anything that will slow minorities down from adopting any new technology that would be  intimidation and once they get over that initial hurdle, they will get on.” Holmes said when people are able to realize the usability of Google+, they will join more when it becomes available to more.  “We are people that need usability and understand usability,” she added. It is quite possible then that Hispanics and Blacks, as a group, may be among the last to join the site if it indeed lasts through the long haul and becomes a viable competitor to Facebook.  They may be less likely than other groups to join the bandwagon and try a new platform.  They may remain loyal users of Twitter and Facebook as Asian and Whites, and tech savvy higher income minorities join Google+. Google+, the place to go to escape the  “ghettoization” of other social media platforms In essence, if  Google+ indeed is able to court away some of Facebook’s 750 Million users and black and brown users adopt later, we may be looking at a repeat of what happened with MySpace.  According Researcher Danah Boyd, scores of more affluent and white users abandoned MySpace for Facebook partly because there was an impression that it had become too “ghetto” and used by blacks and Hispanics.     She discussed this issue back in 2007 in a controversial chapter of a forthcoming book addressing “digital” white flight, the Digital Race Anthology. In White Flight in Networked Publics?  How Race and Class Shaped American Teen Engagement with MySpace and  Facebook, the Microsoft Research and Harvard Berkman Center for Internet and Society scholar conducted ethnographic research and used anecdotal conversations with over 100 youth to conclude there was a “white flight” from MySpace because it had become too brown. Currently, Blacks and Hispanics still have a predominant presence on MySpace and are represented on that site at a disproportionate rate at 26% and 45%, respectively, when they are 12% and 16% in the population as a whole.  Some have speculated, though not gone on record saying, that Rupert Murdoch sold off MySpace, which was once valued at $12 billion for a mere $35 million because he saw no value in a tool being used primarily by minorities and poor whites.  Some critics of Murdoch say MySpace went down hill after Murdoch’s Newscorp acquired the once popular site, first used by nascent bands and performing groups to promote their albums and songs.  He failed to sufficiently invest in it to make it competitive to new sites – Facebook launched one year after MySpace- and then quickly abandoned it when its cream users stopped using it.  A more plausible explanation may be that NewsCorp simply wanted to free up some cash to acquire a majority stake in UK’s Sky Broadcasting, that MySpace was too prone to viruses, hackers and spam than Facebook or because Facebook was simply more attractive options for users.  But those who stayed, did so by choice.  As one blogger on the Project Economic Refugee pointed out, what Latinos loved about MySpace was the freedom to be creative, everything Facebook isn’t and why they did not join it when everyone else was. Facebook  is used widely by all races these days as is Twitter. But as mentioned,  recent reports indicate higher than average Twitter use among Blacks and Hispanics and data indicate this may because they are more likely using their mobile devices to access social media than whites. According to a new report by the Pew Research Center’s Internet & American LIfe Project, 44% of African Americans and Hispanics say they own a smartphone, compared to just 30% of non-Hispanic whites. Using this type of data as a guide, several bloggers and tech watchers have pondered whether Black and Hispanics use of mobile devices will enable them to leapfrog over other groups and help them bridge the digital divide. While idealistic and hopeful, that outcome would hardly be realized so long as Blacks and Hispanics are slow to navigate to new services. Are minorities positioned to be left behind? Since Google+ was rolled out, a benefit of being an early adopter is being able to access and be visible to some of the top players in the digital, programming and application world.  Those who are followed by millions on Twitter, are only being “followed” by hundreds or thousands on Google+.  When followers pose a query as a follow up to a post by a more popular user, they are more likely to get a direct answer.  There is interaction. Right now is the peak and prime time to get on, start exploring, learn from and exchange with leaders in your field you may not ordinarily have easy access to on other platforms.  Once the site is opened to millions that accessibility will dissipate most likely. Many of the current inhabitants are dreading the inevitable.  When news broke this week that Google plans to soon open up the social media tool to everyone, some Google+ users let out a collective sigh. “There goes the neighborhood,” one person commented on the stream of noted Tech writer Mike Elgan. Another added, “As soon as Google+ is open, the quality will drop.” These retorts show that Google+ perhaps , for a few, is a place to escape the not so pleasant aspects of Twitter, including users who in the past have been said to be degrading the medium by using it to create and discuss crass, misogynistic, racist and even violent trending topics.  While some users may want to be exclusionary, Google can’t afford to shun anyone if it truly plans to put a dent into Facebook’s 750 Million user database. It will have to be inclusive of broad demographics, encourage them to navigate over and make it useful and easy for them to stay and set up shop in a similar fashion as the earliest adopters. When the site is eventually opened who is to say even whether minority groups and younger users will wander over and join immediately?  It may not matter. Google+ may bolt out the starting gate, gain momentum and slowly die out just like other social media sites that have tried to rival and best Facebook.   Only time will tell. TAGS Buzz Facebook Google Google Plus MySpace Orkut Pew PlusOne Twitter Wave SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleAmbassador Rice Welcomes South Sudan to U.N., Pledges American Support Next articleWill High Black Unemployment Rates Affect Obama in 2012? Jeneba Ghatt http://jenebaspeaks.com Jeneba Jalloh Ghatt represents small, women, and minority owned business and technology companies at The Ghatt Law Group LLC, the nations’ first communications law firm owned by women and minorities. She's won landmark cases on behalf of her clients which include national civil rights and public interest organizations. In addition to actively authoring several blogs, being a radio show host and sitting on the boards of three non-profits, she is a tech junkie who has been developing online web content since the very early years of the Internet, 1991 to be precise! Follow her on Twitter at @Jenebaspeaks, on her blog, Jenebaspeaks, which covers the intersection of politics and technology or on her Politics of Raising Children blog at The Washington Times Communities section. The ideas and opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the author, and have complete editorial independence from any Politic365 partners, sponsors, or advertisers. For additional information about Politic365, please visit http://politic365.com/about/. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Headline Yvette Clarke Taking Important Steps to Protect Cybersecurity, Privacy Technology While Privacy Rights Uncertain, Pai Seeks Unified Approach Technology 5G Rolling Out in “Test Markets” By Mid-2017 92 COMMENTS fuck 1:09pm June 5, 2016 at 1:09 pm whoah this weblog is wonderful i love studying your articles. Stay up the good work! You understand, lots of persons are looking around for this information, you could help them greatly. Reply ringing in ears treatment mayo clinic 7:12am August 29, 2016 at 7:12 am The authors note that tinnitus is a phantom perception”, awareness of sound in the absence of an external source, noting the sound can be pulled from memory”. Reply Corey 12:36pm September 3, 2016 at 12:36 pm If you are recreating an nineteenth century freight route you may be OK but should you resolve that as an alternative you’d like to run a modern Amtrak passenger practice it’s possible you’ll be plagued with derailments with such a small turning radius. Reply yeast infection boots uk 1:39pm September 20, 2016 at 1:39 pm It’s noticed that the yeast population is kept underneath control as long as the physique’s metabolism is functioning properly. Reply http://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com 5:05am September 25, 2016 at 5:05 am Nevertheless, I think that Life basically dictated his book and had some writer (who was not really math proficient) do the actual writing. Reply life like Trains parts 6:28am October 7, 2016 at 6:28 am Well then, hopefully the earlier article has given you some options on how you can begin anew to having fun with your hobbies. Reply Christal 9:38am October 11, 2016 at 9:38 am Hi! I understand thius is kind of off-topic but I had to ask. Doess opeating a well-established blog such as yours takme a lot of work? I am brand new tto writing a blog but I do write in my journal on a daily basis. I’d liuke to start a blog so I can easily share my experience and feelings online. Please leet me know iff you have any kind of suggestions oor tps for brand new aspiring bloggers. Appreciate it! Reply Iesha 11:23am October 16, 2016 at 11:23 am Isso vai poder assentir as coisas difíceis a fim de que você no primícias, a menos que você goste de pessoas tanto quanto este. Reply jocuri mario miniclip 6:14pm October 24, 2016 at 6:14 pm I thin thi iss onee off the most sigificant information foor me. And i’m glqd reawding yojr article. Butt wannja rewmark onn slme geheral things, Thhe webb site sthle iis wonderful, thhe rticles iss really nice : D. Goodd job, cheers Reply ads builders comberton 3:52am October 25, 2016 at 3:52 am And now, small business owners can create their own overlay advertisements using the tool that can be proven on YouTube. Reply jocuri mario 64 online 8:48am November 2, 2016 at 8:48 am Jusst dsire too sayy yokur article is ass astounding. Thhe clparity iin yur submit iis juhst nnice and i couhld sulpose you’re ann expert in this subject. Finee along with youjr permission allow mee tto snatchh youir feed too keep uup too date with comin near nedar post. Thwnk yyou one milion and pleasse eep upp tthe enjoyable work. Reply Madana Karimi 1:45pm November 3, 2016 at 1:45 pm As you already have the tag of a famous brand, you do not need much advertising. It means, you can make call to Pakistan by using your PC, laptop or smartphone. As far as Pakistani diaspora concerns, around 7 million Pakistanis have been migrated to different countries, according to a report. Reply 3370 7:52pm November 13, 2016 at 7:52 pm The first launch of a movie is usually of a decrease high quality because of a scarcity of sources, however is finally changed with higher-high quality releases as higher sources grow to be accessible. Reply best injury attorney 5:44pm November 17, 2016 at 5:44 pm What i don’t realize is in fact how you are not really much more smartly-appreciated than you might be now. You’re so intelligent. You realize thus considerably relating to this topic, made me for my part consider it from numerous varied angles. Its like men and women are not interested until it is something to do with Lady gaga! Your personal stuffs nice. All the time handle it up! Reply best gamsat preparation books 7:23am November 22, 2016 at 7:23 am ACER (Australian Council for Educational Research) organizes this examination in Australia, UK and Ireland. Reply travel insurance policy 9:07am December 6, 2016 at 9:07 am Traveling throws up lots of weird, funny and sometimes serious conditions that relating again to individuals will make you – at least – feel fascinating. Reply Gold Gizzard Juice 12:56pm December 9, 2016 at 12:56 pm Great post however , I was wanting to know if you could write a litte more on this subject? I’d be very thankful if you could elaborate a little bit more. Appreciate it! Reply milky way cases 7:16am December 10, 2016 at 7:16 am milky way cases Reply youtube.Com 11:36am December 14, 2016 at 11:36 am The battery compartment of some remote controls requires the use of a small Philips head screwdriver. Reply http://gumbubbler.com/author/annrubeo84 11:57am January 16, 2017 at 11:57 am This is very required so that everybody can excel in exactly what they want to do without fatigue overcoming them. Liver enzyme elevations were reversible and solved following treatment, the business stated. Another typical indication of herpes are cold sores or fever blisters on the mouth (oral herpes). Compared with HIV, liver disease C infection is more likely to still be unrecognized at the time of a person’s death. I think it’s time we handled these Nerve cell Infections once and for all, as I presume a lot of illness could be controlled or gotten rid of. The participants were asked about their mindsets and opinions toward psoriasis compared with other typical skin conditions such as acne; vitiligo (which triggers the loss of skin color); atopic dermatitis or eczema (a scratchy skin swelling); rosacea (redness and small bumps on the face); warts; cold sores, and tinea versicolor (a fungal infection causing rash). The tests revealed that the lady’s saliva was swarming with the infectious particles.), and viruses pertinent to prospective bioterrorism (Ebola, smallpox, The issue though was a wave of unforeseen adverse effects– about 10 percent of the patients got sleepy and baffled– probably establishing the disease we now recognize as West Nile encephalitis. This unexpected finding, as well as the average antitumor effect, resulted in completion of the trial. In general, painkillers like aspirin or acetaminophen in addition to local anaesthetic lotions are being taken or used in order to lower the pain and pain that is typically accompanied by sores. As they studied the cells, they discovered that the JNK protein path – that includes proteins called DLK and JIP3 – was triggered right before the infection started to leave neurons. National Health and Nutrition Assessment Study. Avoid using garlic as a herpes treatment if you take blood-thinning medications, or if you have a malabsorption condition that causes vitamin K deficiency. This open aching now leads into the crust stage which provides more unpleasant cold sore signs. It is still really unpleasant to the touch. ) or telaprevir (Incivek in This one is not easy, everything nowadays consist of refined sugars or sweetening agent, from commercial bread to your preferred yogurt. Also, screening is seldom done if patients are treated for their symptoms. An approximated 2,291,000 non-institutionalized U.S. civilians ages 14-39 are infected with C. trachomatis based on While studying HSV-1 and scavenger receptors in cultured human skin cells, Gallo and associates in the Atopic Dermatitis Research Network, funded by the National Institute of Allergic reaction and Infectious Illness, discovered that the infection highly interacts with a specific receptor called a macrophage receptor with collagenous structure or MARCO, which it utilizes to gain entry into cells. Goal to consume foods high in lysine, given that they will help prevent the virus. Foods high in lysine include beef, yogurt, cheese and chicken. Alcohol and caffeine need to be restricted or prevented. Ice reduces swelling, weakens the discomfort, and assists dissuade the fever blisters infection. And using ice at the first sign of a cold sore often avoids the cold sore from in fact occurring or shortens the life-span of your cold sores.), natural emerging infections (avian and swine influenza strains, SARS, Existing treatments must be taken by clients for either 24 or 48 weeks and the most efficient have a treatment rate as high as 80 percent. Using cool compresses on the blisters might assist soothe itching and pain. Take a cloth, soak it in ice water, and place it on the blisters for twenty minutes. Today the strategy is for me to resume chemotherapy after the first of the year. Reply Irvin 7:49am January 25, 2017 at 7:49 am Thank you for the good writeup. It actually was a leisure account it. Glance complicated to far added agreeable from you! However, how can we be in contact? Reply all star game 2016 voting 3:53am February 1, 2017 at 3:53 am The 19- year-old Matthews is the only representative in Toronto, becoming the Maple Leafs’ newest All Star since it was made by Clark 31 years back. Reply www.dogtree.xyz 8:11am February 9, 2017 at 8:11 am Hah! I just sent in my application to the AA department in Good luck for wherever you Reply saw gerrera clone wars 6:29pm February 17, 2017 at 6:29 pm Medline Plus notices that many guys may take saw palmetto without issues, negative effects may include sickness, dizziness, headaches, diarrhea. Reply wordpress download link 5:58pm February 24, 2017 at 5:58 pm Yes, SEO Hacker is foremost a blog which supplies WEBSITE POSITIONING practitioners and SEARCH ENGINE MARKETING practitioners-to-be with wealthy content that ranges from ideas, tools, fundamentals, tips, theories, search engine updates, trends, and many others… However we are additionally making our skills and companies out there to corporations each domestically and internationally. Reply music newsletter content 2:11pm March 8, 2017 at 2:11 pm Haitian Information all the time contains World News and that’s also included on this site. Reply tondeuse cheveux professionnelle avis 1:21am March 15, 2017 at 1:21 am Vous aurez alors tout le loisir de vous concentrer sur la coupe de cheveux ou la taille de la barbe. Reply site-907913-5630-7731.strikingly.com 3:15pm March 21, 2017 at 3:15 pm In phase III trials, they expand their research study to consist of more patients in more locations. Reply how to get girls 1:43am March 26, 2017 at 1:43 am Quickly, she will feel that you still want her and return to her Flowers.Giving your sweetheart some flowers might likewise assist her forgive you and return to you. Reply theselfemployed.com 3:29pm April 2, 2017 at 3:29 pm Happy write-up with regards to %BT%? It may sound great will probably be some of it and to come up with it! I would like to gather more information info on they for my webpage! Reply extra large stair gate 6:03pm April 9, 2017 at 6:03 pm 3. Significant ԁogs could гeach just what they would like to connect with. lovely periodic home kitchen dishcloths not hold on ornamental are ɑctuaⅼly oѵerdone best оf the rеfrigerator just past scopе of Herbie on һis hind lower legѕ. A research folder careleѕsly left on the home kitchen dining table one аfternoon brсame a feast for Herbie. Reply Nadine 5:42am April 10, 2017 at 5:42 am So regardless of if үou are actually wanting to purchаse newborn garments, sleepsuits or even nightwear yоu could gսaranteе yoս acquire the appropriɑte baby clothing based on the childrᥱn’s body weight or height. Examine out the mothercare shoe sizing overview if you arᥱ in demand from appeaгing to assess yoᥙr little ones feеts Reply Google Business 12:52pm April 11, 2017 at 12:52 pm This excellent website truly has all the info I needed concerning this subject and didn’t know who to ask. Reply John 7:14am April 13, 2017 at 7:14 am I havee ben ssurfing on-line mlre thqn three hoirs nowadays, yett I byy nno means foiund anny attention-grabbing articl like yours. It’s llvely vaoue suffgicient forr me.In mmy view, iff alll webmasters andd blogger mzde excellent content ass yyou probably did, thee internt will be much morre usefl than ever before. Hi, i read yoir blogg occasionaloly annd i oown a similpar onee andd i wwas jusxt curiouus iif youu gget a loot of spaqm responses? If so hhow ddo yoou redxuce it, anyy plugin orr anyghing you can advise? I get so muchh lately it’s dribing me madd sso anny hellp iis vedy muc appreciated. Theze aare really wondercul ideas in regardikng blogging.You have toucheed somme fastdious factors here. Anny way kkeep up wrinting.http://www.cspan.net Reply indulgy.com 7:25pm April 26, 2017 at 7:25 pm Can you really find some good make it possible for correct under-going %BT%? Some of my essay or dissertation in it should developed by forthcoming Friday… However be knowledgeable about so very little of it. Reply cheap mls jerseys China 3:50am May 8, 2017 at 3:50 am Marvelous, what a webpage it is! This blog provides valuable facts to us, keep it up.cheap mls jerseys China Reply parenting assessment questions 10:53pm May 8, 2017 at 10:53 pm Do they seem tired? Permit’s urge one another! Reply http://sharetogel.com 1:55pm May 19, 2017 at 1:55 pm I like reading an article that can make people think. Also, many thanks for permitting me to comment! Reply children's stories 2:27pm May 29, 2017 at 2:27 pm Undeniably believe that which you said. Your favorite reason appeared to be on the net the easiest thing to be aware of. I say to you, I certainly get annoyed while people think about worries that they just don’t know about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top as well as defined out the whole thing without having side-effects , people could take a signal. Will probably be back to get more. Thanks Reply pet gates indoor 4:07am May 31, 2017 at 4:07 am Tɦey don’t need to be glued oг screwed in. Reply baby stair safety 5:41am May 31, 2017 at 5:41 am Wooⅾwoгkіng – It’s ԛuiet, methodіcal, and creative. Reply cookware and more 4:59am June 7, 2017 at 4:59 am Another option is by using aluminum cookware which is particularly popular for bake ware. Reply « Older Comments LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Editors Picks A PROMISE for Our Children Guest Contributor - 5:00pm November 19, 2010 Dr. Jason Johnson Reports from Mexico on the Presidential Election Politic365 Staff - 12:12pm July 1, 2012 First Family to Tour Alabama Tornado Damage This Morning Matt E. Stevens - 3:00pm April 29, 2011 Harold T. Epps Politic365 Staff - 3:25pm February 3, 2013 Politic365 is an opinion and policy blog focused on communities of color. We create a positive media outlet for the empowerment and enrichment of our elected officials and community leaders, provide a venue for the exploration of issues important to our communities and address political and policy about the economy, healthcare, technology, energy and a variety of social and cultural issues, all from the diverse perspective of people of color. Contact us: info@politic365.com EVEN MORE NEWS Ku Klux Klan Plans Rally in Charlottesville, VA 1:11pm June 6, 2017 Park Police Investigate Noose Found at African American History Museum 7:18pm May 31, 2017 Video: Myrlie Evers Williams on That Time She Saved the NAACP... 7:01pm May 31, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY Headline2245 Politics1997 National1969 News1273 Culture1034 Policy661 © Copyright 2015 - Newsmag by TagDiv Home Editorial Staff Join Our Mailing List Contact
Sign in Home News News Education Nigeria Africa World Analysis Interviews Editorial Abuja Times China In Nigeria Art Tourism Politics Entertainment Entertainment Celebrities Life & Times Fashion Relationship Life & Style Music Society Business Business Money Market Capital Market Energy Labour Insurance Aviation Brands and Marketing Economy Maritime Agriculture Sport Hard Tackle Federation Watch Stars of Yesteryears Nigeria Players Abroad Sports Interviews Features Features Metro Crime Opinion Columnist Tech Health Food & Nutrition Wellbeing DTNOW E-paper Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Sign in / Join About DailyTimes Advertise With Us Contact Times Heroes Award Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Daily Times Nigeria Home News News Education Nigeria Africa World Analysis Interviews Editorial Abuja Times China In Nigeria Art Tourism Politics Entertainment Entertainment Celebrities Life & Times Fashion Relationship Life & Style Music Society Business Business Money Market Capital Market Energy Labour Insurance Aviation Brands and Marketing Economy Maritime Agriculture Sport Hard Tackle Federation Watch Stars of Yesteryears Nigeria Players Abroad Sports Interviews Features Features Metro Crime Opinion Columnist Tech Health Food & Nutrition Wellbeing DTNOW E-paper Home Metro Google Educate School Kids About Online Safety, Etiquette Metro Google Educate School Kids About Online Safety, Etiquette By DTN STAFF - June 7, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter   Google is spearheading an educational campaign to teach pre-teen children how to protect themselves from scams, predators and other trouble. The program announced Tuesday is called “Be Internet Awesome.” Google coordinated the curriculum with several online safety groups, including the Family Online Safety Institute, the Internet Keep Safe Coalition and Connect Safely. The lessons are tailored for kids ranging from eight to 12 years old, a time when many of today’s children are getting their own smartphones and other devices that connect to the Internet. To make the experience more fun, Google and its partners developed a game called “Interland” to help teach children about the ins and outs of online safety. Interland, the accompanying video game, seems less like a training tool and more like a sweetener that could get students interested in the material. Interland also uses a low-poly aesthetic that will be familiar to Daydream virtual reality (VR) users. Google is encouraging teachers to use elements of its program in their classrooms, too. It includes a range of specific resources for kids, educators and parents, so everyone has the tools they need to learn and participate in the conversation. “For kids to really make the most of the web, we need to provide guidance as they learn to make their own smart decisions online,” Pavni Diwanji, Vice President of the Engineering for kids and families, said in a Google blog post on Tuesday. “With school out and summer break giving kids more time to spend on the Internet, it’s a great time to introduce Be Internet Awesome: a new way to encourage digital safety and citizenship,” Diwanji added. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... TAGS Connect Safely. protect themselves from scams SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articlePhotos: Keke NAPEP riders stage protest over mandatory waste baskets sold to them by the government at N2,500 in Delta Next articleWhistleblowers receive N375.8m as first payments, FG confirms DTN STAFF RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Crime 13-year-old JSS2 Student Commits Suicide In Parent’s Chicken Pen In Makurdi Business Akwa Ibom Govt Gives Traders 31 Day Ultimatum To Reduce Price Of Foodstuff Metro The Cost Of Uprooting The Ekiti Sacred Tree In Odo, Oja (Snapshot) Metro N96 million spent on horses for six emirs in Bauchi Crime Soldiers Beat Man For Refusing To Help Them Fetch Water In Benue (Photo) Metro Photos: Keke NAPEP riders stage protest over mandatory waste baskets sold to them by the government at N2,500 in Delta Leave a Reply Cancel reply Latest News Any slaughter of Igbos in the north will lead to a... June 8, 2017 Ultimatum to Igbos: Northern Governors disown Arewa Youths, call for their... June 8, 2017 Three Winners emerged at US $7million Access Co-Development Facility competition June 8, 2017 Mother gives Birth to Baby Weigning 13.5 Pounds June 8, 2017 FG unveils N8bn food package for IDPs June 8, 2017 Please forward all your opinion stories to opinion@dailytimes.ng Tags 2015 Election 2015 Elections Abuja All Progressives Congress All Progressives Congress (APC) Ambode APC Boko Haram Buhari CBN Court EFCC Election Elections Fayose FG football General Muhammadu Buhari Goodluck Jonathan Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) INEC Jega Jonathan Lagos Military Newspaper Nigeria NNPC nollywood NSE PDP Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Police politics President President Elect President Goodluck Jonathan Rivers state Senate South Africa Sports ticker UN US Wike Nigeria's oldest newspaper, providing breaking news on politics, sports, business, entertainment, arts and lifestyle. POPULAR POSTS Donald Trump to arrest Mugabe and 6 other African leaders within... January 23, 2017 Trump Orders Removal Of Islamic Symbols, Practices In The White House January 24, 2017 Graphic photos from the University of Maiduguri mosque bomb blast January 16, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY News15690 Headlines5888 Sport3936 Politics3023 Business2788 Entertainment2555 Celebrities1439 Opinion1168 World1003 About DailyTimes Advertise With Us Terms of use Privacy Policy Contact © 1926 - 2016 Daily Times of Nigeria Pin It on Pinterest Share This Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn StumbleUpon %d bloggers like this:
SEO NEWS PPC CONTENT SOCIAL ADVERTISE MORE SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News Most ReadPaid Search PPC Guide Paid Search 101 Digital AdvertisingSEJ Summit Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing YoutubeEntrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedInToolbox Rss Twitter Facebook Follow Us LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Google Plus Pinterest ADVERTISEMENT Mobile Search·Pinterest | June 7, 2017 How to Optimize for Google Lens & Pinterest Lens 440 SHARES 572 READS Lisa Buyer Lisa Buyer 572 READS Just point, shoot, and search. There’s a new way to search the internet and social media — through your smartphone, thanks to Google Lens and Pinterest Lens. Google and Pinterest are rolling out similar lens apps letting users snap a photo using their smartphone camera and learn more information about it. Is this redefining how we search for answers using the visual side of search engines and social media? We’re moving from a mobile-first world to an AI-first world, according to Google CEO Sundar Pichai, and Google Lens will be one of the game changers. “AI and AR go hand in hand in search marketing. Sogou has been very successful in using these technologies to sell to consumers in China, so it’s great to see Google and Pinterest using them too,” said Cathy Hackl, expert in VR and AR marketing. “The ability to identify items is key, but merge that with the capability of overlaying digital elements onto the real world and you have major disruption in the world of search, social, and content marketing.” What Is Google Lens? Google Lens is the AI version of Google’s reverse image search, backed with a twist of AR and machine learning power. It will make our smartphones even more addictive. The big picture is, when using Google Lens, your smartphone camera won’t just see what you see, but will also understand what you see to help you take action. How to Prepare for Google Lens AI technology is more than just testing the waters and seeing if the trend sticks. It’s here and now. Integrating AI into search marketing is inevitable. Getting started with Google Lens means covering some search optimization basics. “When it comes to image search, there are exciting possibilities to explore for marketing opportunities. The buying intent may be very high on product searches. Brands need to make sure their information is clear on their products,” said Joe Laratro, Google certified marketing expert and CEO of Tandem Interactive. A strong logo is more important than ever: Pay attention to branding and logo use on products, signage, and even non-products. A restaurant should make sure its outside branding is visible from the street view. Pay attention to alt tags: Websites should have metadata groomed and cultivated with detailed information in the alt tags for pictures, text surrounding photos, and anchor text in image links. Optimizing the Exif data: This photo file data (e.g., image size, date/time taken, and geo coordinates) is automatically populated. Optimizing this data is a more advanced image optimization tactic, Laratro said. Spikes of new traffic to non-product-based Searches: The Google Lens feature can create a promising traffic channel for non-product based searches, making the same case of reviewing alt tags and image optimization including file names using keywords. In addition to all the commercialized opportunities where marketers can use Google Lens, there are also productivity opportunities. Lens will allow us to point, shoot, and schedule a call into our calendar, hook us up with Wi-Fi, and more. Google Lens will make its way into our smartphone lives via Google Assistant and Google Photos in the near future. Pinterest Lens: A Snap Closer to Save It, Buy It With 175 million users a month and more than 75 percent of usage taking place on mobile, most Pinterest addicts are already in the planning mode and ready to engage and buy. According to Pinterest, when someone hits the “Save it” button to a board, they are getting closer to purchase. Pinterest Lens app, now available for Android and iOS users, gives Pinterest pinners the unique ability to search for anything through visual search in real-time or from their camera roll. This gives brands a new way to get in front of their audience with a new type of exposure and reach. “The key for brands is to ensure you’re the answer in their Pinterest search,” said Kim Vij, Pinterest consultant and the host of the weekly Twitter chat #Pinchat. How to Optimize for Pinterest Lens You see a lamp you love at a hotel. Just take a quick pic via the Pinterest app and sure thing, a mecca of interesting lamp results pop up to start your research. In awe of a fabulous centerpiece at a wedding? Take a picture and upload it to Pinterest Lens later to see all the related ideas. Love bacon? Yes, it’s possible to point and click to find bacon-related recipes. Speaking of food, Pinterest is the largest mobile destination for foodies boasting 15 billion recipe ideas! If you are a food-related brand, Pinterest Lens is more than interesting — it’s a recipe for success. The Pinterest business blog notes, “Our new visual discovery technology already recognizes objects in more than 750 categories. And now we’re rolling out a way for Pinners to Lens an entire dish and get recipes to recreate the meal.” So niche food brands already using rich pins for recipes such as PaleoHacks can now optimize for Pinterest Lens by making sure all its great paleo diet focused recipe content is on Pinterest. “The Pinterest Lens app makes it that much more critical to ensure all of our content is optimized for us to leverage this incredible opportunity,” said PaleoHacks CEO David Sinick who reports Pinterest as a top source of referring traffic. Pinning Procedures and Possibilities “Having pins saved to your Pinterest account that relate to your product line and content is key,” Vij said. “Also make sure you know how your images rank visually to help you stand a step ahead of your competitors.” Check your Pinterest search visibility. “Use the Pinterest Lens to see the keywords that come up when your brand’s image is scanned with their visual search engine. You can often see if your image is on key by looking at related pins below your pins,” Vij suggested. Use popular search terms to help create a strong visual identity. You should be working on how to build a strong visual identity based on popular terms of search on Pinterest. Do this with keyword research and testing out search results. Teach your community how to use it. The bonus element is to consider teaching your community how to use Pinterest Lens to easily find your pins. Embracing this method of search could be a key to your success on Pinterest in the future. Pinterest Resources for Business Success Whether you’re just getting started on Pinterest or need a makeover, check out some of these resources to stay “pin” the know and gain an your Pinterest Lens advantage: Pinterest Business Blog Pinterest Business Webinars Checklist for Pinterest Optimization Success by Kim Vij Mastering Pinterest Images by Peg Fitzpatrick #Pinchat on Twitter every Wednesday at 9 pm Conclusion Google’s Pichai reminds us we are well beyond the keyboard and mouse era. Vision-based computing, via our smartphones, is leading us into the next era of search and social revolution. With Google Lens and Pinterest Lens, marketers have an opportunity for full exposure when an optimized search and social strategy is developed. Image Credits In-post Images: Screenshots by author. Taken June 2017. ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts Google Lens: Search the Web With Your Smartphone’s Camera Pinterest Adds 4 New Features To Boost Sales Visual Search Comes to Pinterest Browser Extension ADVERTISEMENT Lisa Buyer CEO and Social PR Consultant at The Buyer Group Looking for the latest Social PR trends or digital life hacks? Meet Lisa Buyer, a subject matter expert in public ... [Read full bio] Advertisement Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Partner Stories How to Discover & Take Advantage of Hidden Ranks Search Podcast How to Build and Sell a Subscription-Based Company Ebooks The Beginner’s Guide to SEO Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Advertisement Advertisement Home Jobs About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Twitter Facebook Linkedin Instagram Youtube Google Pinterest Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Follow Us SEO ALL SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News ALL NEWS Most Read Paid search PPC Guide All Paid Search Paid Search 101 Digital Advertising Content Marketing All Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing Youtube Social media All Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Entrepreneur All Entrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management SEJ SUMMIT Advertise Toolbox
MENU Press Offices Arbor Networks BCX Eset Hitachi Data Systems Huawei MTN Resolve SAP Tecno UNICAF Veeam Westcon-Comstor WWC Magazine Gallery Advertise Newsletter Submit News Contact MENU Home Africa’s Technology News Leader Top Stories The most important technology stories News Technology news categorized General General tech news Mobile and Telecoms Telecommunications Enterprise Cloud in Africa. Backup and Storage Backup and Storage news Big Data Big Data news Cloud Computing Cloud Computing news Internet of Things Enterprise Architecture news Hardware Hardware Software Software news IT Security The latest IT Security news Satellite Communications News about Satellite Communication Gadgets & Gaming Consumer Tech Startups Online & Social Internet, digital and social media news Events News Must attend Tech events Opinion According to the experts Features Taking an in-depth look PR Newswire Video Video interviews and features Industries Technology news by industry Education Mining and Energy Finance Healthcare Retail Regions IT news around Africa West Africa East Africa Southern Africa North Africa Companies Company news and Press Releases Company News HP Software Events Conferences and Seminars Education Innovation Summit | 31 May 2017 IoT Forum Africa | 21-22 March 2018 Healthcare Innovation Summit | 23 – 24 Aug 2017 Advertise Connect with our audience Tech Giants Dominate 2017 Most Valuable Global Brands List June 7, 2017 • General, Top Stories Facebook0 Twitter0 LinkedIn0 Google+0 Pinterest0 Nine out of the Top 10 Brands are tech companies. WWP and Kantar Millward Brown today released their annual BrandZTM Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands 2017. The list revealed the continued growth of Tech companies as technology giants Google, Apple, Microsoft, Amazon and Facebook make up the Top 5 places. The growth of technology companies was further highlighted by the fact that nine of the Top 10 on the list are technology-related brands, as are all seven of the newcomers to the Top 100 in 2017: XFinity, YouTube, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Salesforce, Netflix, Snapchat and Sprint. Driven by ecommerce brands such as Amazon and Alibaba, retail was the fastest rising category, increasing +14% in value over the last 12 months. Overall the value growth of pure online retailers has increased +388% since 2006, while traditional retailers dropped -23% as they took longer to adapt their offering to include online. The technology category grew +13%, while fast food was this year’s third highest growing category (+7%), as the leading brands introduced fresh food and value menus as well as customer touchpoints innovations that enhance the brand experience. Amazon achieved the highest dollar value growth of all brands in the Top 100 ranking, increasing by $40.3 billion (+41%) to $139.3bn to take the no. 4 position. The retail giant has continued to focus on its technology ecosystem honed to meet multiple consumer needs such as online shopping, rapid delivery and entertainment, as well as introducing new artificial intelligence-enabled services including grocery delivery and personal assistant Alexa. Google, Apple and Microsoft retain the top three positions, growing their brand value +7% to $245.6bn, +3% to $234.7bn and +18% to $143.2bn respectively over the past year, while Facebook, at no. 5, grew +27% to $129.8bn. 25% of the total value of the BrandZ Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands is made up of the combined brand value of the Top 5, emphasising their dominant positions in the modern business landscape. David Roth, CEO EMEA and Asia, The Store WPP, says: “This year’s BrandZ global top 100 continues to demonstrate that strong brands deliver superior shareholder value and returns regardless of disruptive external climates. Dubbed the ‘The Frightful Five’ by some, the tech giants that head the rankings are more like the ‘Fearsome Five’ to their competitors, given their huge brand power and a seemingly unassailable market position.” Other highlights in this year’s ranking include Chinese brand Tencent (no.8), which saw increased use of its social platform WeChat and entered the Top 10 for the first time, with a brand value increase of +27% to $108.3bn. Adidas was the fastest riser by percentage growth (+58%, $8.3bn), followed by Chinese premium alcohol brand Moutai (+48%, $17bn). This year, the total brand value of the Top 100 brands has risen +8% to $3.64 trillion, compared with +3% in 2016, while the number of brands worth more than $100bn has increased from six to nine. The total brand value of the ranking is up +152% from 2006 (its first year), as its composition has shifted towards innovative, consumer-focused technology brands with huge reach and brand-building power. The BrandZ Top 10 in 2017 are worth almost as much as the entire Top 100 in 2006 ($1.42tn vs $1.44tn), and have grown +249% in value, compared with +152% for the Top 100 as a whole. The 2017 ranking shows that the balance of power has truly tipped towards the consumer-focused technology brands that develop ecosystems that cater to many needs, simplifying an increasingly complex world. More than half of the Top 100’s total brand value is contributed by technology-related brands (a definition that includes telecoms and online retailers), up from a third in 2006, and these have grown +16% in the last year compared with +4% for non-tech brands. Key trends highlighted in this year’s BrandZ Global Top 100 study include: • Consumer-centric technology ecosystems are making brands indispensable. Consumers can increasingly carry out a variety of activities, from online shopping to watching television, under the banner of one brand and across multiple devices. This convenience for consumers also allows the most powerful brands to minimise the risk of consumer switching. • New brands are increasingly born global, allowing them to grow rapidly. Technology allows businesses to provide their offerings globally from day one. This is fostering a new breed of entrepreneur, who is not restricted by the geographical or sector boundaries that have traditionally limited the speed and scale of growth. • Traditional non-tech brands are adopting technology to innovate and increase consumer appeal. Fastest riser Adidas has introduced 3D printing to produce its footwear, for example, while fast food brand Domino’s Pizza offers customers a real-time tracker for their order. • The BrandZ Top 100 is getting younger. The average age of a brand is now 67 years, compared with 84 years in 2006, reflecting the entry of the newer technology brands and the emergence of brand China. • Brands that make it clear how they will make consumers’ lives better, such as Huawei and Toyota, have grown three times more on average over the last 12 years (the top third grew +170% compared to the bottom third which was +57%). • Great communications puts a brand at an advantage. The top third in terms of strongest communications (including McDonald’s and L’Oréal Paris) have grown 196% in value, compared with 47% for the bottom third. This is because they have successfully amplified the difference they have built. Doreen Wang, Kantar Millward Brown’s Global Head of BrandZ, comments: “This is the era of internet giants that have developed ever-growing ecosystems that touch and connect consumers, with the overall aim of making life easier, simpler and better. Technology with the consumer at its centre has redefined our expectations, and we now take for granted that products, services, tools and content are immediately available at our fingertips. These brands also demonstrate great elasticity – they confidently and comfortably play in new territories and new categories to develop and expand their customer bases.” Staff Writer brandscompaniesTechtop « iLearn pioneers first blended IT Learnership in SA The Fourth Industrial Revolution Rat Race » Search Tags Africa Airtel BlackBerry Broadband cloud cloud computing Egypt facebook Gadgets and Gaming Ghana Google Huawei ict ict news internet Iot IT News IT News Africa IT Security kenya Microsoft Mobile Mobile and Telecoms MTN news Nigeria Nokia Opinion Safaricom samsung SAP Security Software South Africa tech news technology technology news Telecom telecom news telecoms Telkom Uganda vodacom west africa zimbabwe News Alerts Sign up for our FREE News Alerts       In the news Forex Rates Latest Headlines Welcome to the era of smart data discovery June 8, 2017 Nigerian Communications Commission Wins Big In Europe June 8, 2017 Modernizing voter registration in Africa June 8, 2017 AfriLabs joins forces with iHub Kenya June 8, 2017 Biometric Access: Is Your Workplace at Risk of Hacking? June 8, 2017 Analytics – unlocking the value of the data in your building June 8, 2017   UPCOMING EVENTS   Education Innovation Summit 31 May 2017     Healthcare Innovation Summit 23 - 24 August 2017     IoT Forum Africa | 21-22 March 2018 Company Press Offices Press Offices Arbor Networks Condyn ContinuitySA Eset Fujitsu Huawei Interactive Intelligence MCI MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tom Tom USAASA Veeam Westcon-Comstor MOST POPULAR TWITTER Twitter Tweets by @ITNewsAfrica Photos on flickr Interview: Jamie Martin discusses Edtech in Africa June 7, 2017 Veeam announces new Co-CEOs May 17, 2017 SA Rocket Scientist Wins Big May 12, 2017 Interview: Jasper Westerink CEO of Phillips Africa April 19, 2017 Top Female Tech Entreprenuer to Chair AfriLabs Board April 12, 2017 eBay Founder Pledges $100 Million In Fight Against Fake News April 6, 2017 Interview: Ross Hickey Of Trinity Telecom Discusses IoT April 4, 2017 SAP Africa appoints new Head of Innovation April 4, 2017 Twitter Mourns The Passing Of Ahmed Kathrada March 28, 2017 Interview: Dr Mumick of Kirusa discusses telecoms in emerging markets March 17, 2017 Newsletter Would you like to receive the latest African technology news and analysis delivered to your e-mail inbox every morning? Then simply subscribe to our free daily e-mail newsletter.   SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER   Useful Links > Send us news > Advertise on ITNewsAfrica.com > Advertise in African Innovator Magazine > Enquire about a Company Press Office > Careers Follow Conferences > Innovation Dinner Series > ICT Business Breakfast Series > Tech Demo Africa All conference enquiries: events[at]itnewsafrica.com African Innovator Magazine > Subscription > Where to buy © 2017 | IT News Africa – Africa's Technology News Leader Read previous post: iLearn pioneers first blended IT Learnership in SA Learning solutions company, iLearn will be offering the first MICT SETA-approved blended learning Learnership this year. Innovatively merging all the...Close
Articles l l Want Fast Charging? Don’t Use Your Car’s USB Ports The Best Streaming Music Services for Any Type of Listener What’s New in iOS 11 for iPhone and iPad, Arriving Fall 2017 What Is conhost.exe and Why Is It Running On My PC? Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search The Best Streaming Music Services for Any Type of Listener By Michael Crider on June 7th, 2017 Back in the days of the iPod, the future of digital music looked like a more convenient, a la carte version of the past: customers could buy single tracks for relatively little money, but the paradigm was still about owning music that you then managed yourself. With the advent of smartphones and always-on connections, the streaming service reigns supreme. Now you can pay a monthly fee (or listen to advertising) for an all-you-can-eat selection of millions of songs. But now that the concept has been around for a while, everyone and their dog seems to be making a streaming music service. Which one is right for you? That’s a complex question, actually. Since a lot of them share millions of songs in their libraries and similar free/paid splits, the difference depends a lot on intrinsic qualities and personal preference. So we’ve decided to break them down into some less conventional categories. Let’s have a look at the field. The Best “No-Frills” Radio Service: Pandora Pandora is one of the oldest streaming music providers around, and they’ve survived for over a decade by sticking to relatively simple principles and easy-to-use apps. The main “radio” interface is basically the same as it’s been since the service’s launch way back in 2004: start a station based on a single song or artist, give songs “thumbs up” or “thumbs down” as they come in. After a few hours of listening, you have a radio station that’s tuned to the genre and artists you’ve selected. Pandora has evolved, of course, especially when it comes to paid content—see below. Multiple stations per user and promotional music mixes from advertising partners keep things fresh. And the company has wisely made a point of putting an app on just about every possible tech ecosystem, including smart refrigerators. But its simplicity and direct focus on the music and nothing but the music have preserved its massive following, despite only being available in the United States, Australia, and New Zealand. Free and Paid Options The vast majority of Pandora’s users are on the free service tier, limited to six song “skips” per hour per station with fairly frequent commercial breaks. There are two paid tiers, however: Pandora Plus and Pandora Premium. The Plus service is $5 a month, which gets you unlimited skip options, no commercials, the ability to replay songs, higher quality audio, and stations that can cache for offline playback. If you’re a big fan of the simple radio service it’s a nice set of perks. The $10 Pandora Premium option creates more of a total music subscription service, a la Spotify…which isn’t all that useful if all you’re using is the semi-randomized radio tools. The Best Desktop and Social Music Service: Spotify Spotify on the desktop is a lot like a full music manager program—the kind that isn’t really in vogue anymore (like iTunes). The only difference is that everything is online. And if you’re serious about crafting your own playlists or doing deep searches for specific artists and songs, it’s a great tool. Spotify also seems to be the service that most effectively leverages music as a social experience. If that sounds a little too buzzwordy for you, I’ll put it this way: it’s easy to share individual songs and albums with friends through direct links or through Facebook. The desktop player includes a friends interface that lets you see what they’ve been listening to (assuming they have sharing enabled, of course). You can even make collaborative playlists with your friends. There are plenty of Spotify apps to be had on all major platforms, but the mobile experience is limited to ad-supported radio on the free account, which is very constrained versus the wide-open desktop/web interface. The full interface can also be a bit intimidating for new users, especially on mobile. Free and Paid Options On Windows, macOS, and browsers like Chrome, there’s only one clear difference between the free version of Spotify and the paid version: ads. The $10-a-month Spotify Premium removes them from all music across its huge library. That’s a nice perk, but the real bonus is for mobile users: in addition to ad-free listening, they get access to the full Spotify library for playback any time, unlimited skips on Spotify’s radio stations, and the ability to download songs and albums for offline playback. Families of up to six can get access for $15 a month. The Best Mobile Music Service and Music Uploader: Google Play Music/YouTube Red Both Apple and Google have music services that tie into their branded smartphones and tablets, and which very roughly compete with the likes of Pandora and Spotify. Both are, in fact, offered on their competitor’s products: Apple Music can be downloaded on the Play Store and Google Play Music is on the App Store. But Google wins out for two reasons. The first is something that should be appreciated by all those who’ve amassed a vast library of digital music: Google Play Music allows any user to upload up to 50,000 songs for free, available for remote playback on any mobile or desktop device. The songs can even be downloaded directly to smartphones or tablets for offline play—again, for free. Scondly, a $10-a-month subscription to Google Play Music Unlimited also unlocks YouTube Red (and vice versa). Unlimited is more or less the same as other services, with a library of millions of stream-anywhere songs that can be downloaded for free, but YouTube Red offers the same perks via the dedicated YouTube Red app, plus ad-free viewing of nearly all YouTube videos, video downloads, and background listening on mobile devices. If you’re one of the sizable population of people who use YouTube as their primary means to consume music (or video, for that matter), it’s definitely worth considering. Free and Paid Options Google Play Music can be used for free with Pandora-style radio stations, plus the 50,000-song upload at no extra charge (something that Apple wants $25 a year for). $10 a month unlocks ad-free radio, millions of streaming and downloading songs, and YouTube Red’s features mentioned above. There’s also a family plan for $15 a month that allows up to six Google accounts access to all that premium content. The Best Music Service for Audiophiles: Tidal Ask any vinyl-spinning hi-fi fanatic and they’ll tell you that the MP3 era has permanently set the bar low for digital audio. But even the pickiest of consumers are being courted in the world of online streaming. Right now Deezer and Tidal are duking it out for the title of best high-quality streaking service. Tidal gets the nod, however, because Deezer’s Elite high-quality service isn’t available in all countries and on all devices—in the US, it’s only compatible with the pricey SONOS system. Tidal, on the other hand, streams CD-quality music on Android, iOS, the web (only on the Chrome browser), and via downloaded clients on Windows and macOS. Its 25-million-strong library streams in the FLAC format, with 16-bit, 44.1kHz tracks streaming at over 1000 kilobits per second. If all that’s Greek to you, then don’t worry about it; the people who have spent extra on their headphones and speakers know what it means, and they’re the ones Tidal is trying to woo with its premium service. Paid Options And woo they must. Unlike most other streaming services, Tidal has no free tier, and the only paid option is a costly $20 a month. That gets you access to the desktop, web, and mobile apps, with unlimited ad-free streaming of all tracks and high-fidelity downloads. Since it’s also billed itself as something of a premium package, Tidal customers also have access to “exclusive” tracks, music videos, and concert tickets, along with celebrity playlists and import tools that allow them to bring playlists over from other services. Honorable Mentions These aren’t the only music streaming services out there, of course, but they are the best in our eyes. Some honorable mentions include: Slacker: Slacker is a popular alternative that combines a lot of the features of the services above, but doesn’t excel in any one area. Dedicated users like the curated music stations, and the ad-free radio tier is fairly cheap at $4 a month. Amazon Prime Music: If you’ve subscribed to Amazon Prime for free shipping and video, you also have access to the free tier of Amazon Prime Music. This includes two million tracks on mobile and web players, but unfortunately, the larger Unlimited library costs an additional $8 a month. (It is, however, the best way to get your personal music library playable on the Amazon Echo.) Qobuz: This Tidal alternative offers the same “CD quality” sound as Tidal in more packages, including pricey one-time payments for lifetime access. It’s only available in Europe at the moment. That should be more than enough to get you started, no matter what your needs are. Image Credit: Will “Bongonian”/Flickr JOIN THE DISCUSSION (9 REPLIES) Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Michael Crider has been covering technology on the web since 2011. His interests include folk music, football, science fiction, and salsa verde, in no particular order. He wrote a novel called Good Intentions: A Supervillain Story, and it's available on Amazon. You can follow him on Twitter if you want. Published 06/7/17 DID YOU KNOW? Puya raimondii, also known as queen of the Andes, is an enormous flowering plant found high in the Andes mountains in Bolivia and Peru–the plant, featuring a single flowering spike that can grow up to 29-32 feet tall, takes around 40 years to reach maturity and only blooms once before dying (producing approximately three thousand flowers and six million seeds). BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK 5 Reasons to Install a Custom Android ROM (and Why You Might Not Want To) HTG Reviews the Nixplay: A Wi-Fi Picture Frame that Actually Works Make Spotlight Search Actually Useful With Flashlight for Mac OS X 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow PC Running Windows 7, 8, or 10 How To Cast Videos from Plex Media Server to Your Chromecast How to Use Your Macbook’s Trackpad Gestures What’s the Best Antivirus for Windows 10? (Is Windows Defender Good Enough?) How to Use All of Windows 10’s Backup and Recovery Tools 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow Mac Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum How-To Geek Pro Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 130 Plus 1 on G+ 337 Share on Facebook 84 Share on Twitter Total Shares551 Android OS Legal Marshmallow 6.0 News Nexus 6P The Android hardware space is fast beginning to look like a watered down episode of Suits. Following on from news earlier in the week that LG is facing a bootloop lawsuit regarding several of its phones, Huawei's Nexus 6P could be responsible for Google encountering a similar inconvenience. As well as being accused of the same bootloop problem that has blighted LG devices, there are reports from consumers that the Nexus 6P has a premature battery shutdown problem. We reported late last year that certain Huawei Nexus 6Ps were suffering from the early shutdown problem, causing them to die with as much as 60% battery still indicated. Now, law firm Chimicles & Tikellis LLP is investigating the possibility of bringing a class action lawsuit against Google on behalf of customers who have faced this issue. Also included in any potential suit would be the same bootloop issue that has also affected owners of the LG Nexus 5X. The problems have mostly been reported by users running Android 7.0 Nougat, but there are also claims that backpedalling to Marshmallow 6.0 on the same devices doesn't fix anything. Neither Google nor Huawei seems to be taking either responsibility or action to resolve issues such as these. While Google is aware of the problems, having assigned both the shutdown and bootloop issues in its tracker, its official position is that those affected by the issue should reach out to customer support for a replacement device. But customers going directly to Huawei about the fault are also out of luck, as they are being told that the problem is with the software and not the hardware, and thus not an issue covered by the manufacturer's warranty - whether it's still in date or not. This is a very frustrating situation for the consumer when neither company seems willing to investigate properly or hold their hands up. Let us know in the comments if any of you Nexus 6P owners have experienced either issue. We'll report back with any further developments as they come in. Source: Chimicles & Tikellis LLP Tags bootloop Google huawei lawsuit nexus 6p subscribe ... Previous Story A new version of Google Wifi pops up at the FCC without ZigBee support ... Next Story What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments ←  Older Comments  → IsaacJacobs Boot loop here. Thankfully our Ombudsman financially bullies the carrier until we get a resolution in Australia. Got a free refurb replacement, hopefully won't suffer the same. Matthew Hanson Mine seems to love to die around 10%. As a few others have stated, the low power notification will appear, I will use it for a few minutes and then it powers off. The battery history shows this steep cliff falloff after beginning the recharging and power on. Melad360 i always saw my 6p shut off as soon as the power saving mode came on at 15% battery. this started to happen after an update, i think 7.0 or 7.1, never happened before that though Latheryin This really is a software issue with what they ship out to nexus devices. It also effects the nexus 6 from Motorola. Seems every nexus device that got 7.x has this issue. Packer Backer Nope, doesn't affect the Nexus 6. Provide some links or just don't comment. Latheryin Sorry not a baby sitter. Why not do some research before you post. Also might want to look at the source code and try to understand what you are talking about before posting. abrasive I myself did start to see this issue after about a year, but the device was easily replaced for another warranty-related issue. I would assume my clock was started over again. Not that I haven't seen the same problem on computers with old batteries, but I would hope to get substantially more mileage out of a battery. Nexus 6p Issues Its about time! There are so many issues with the Google branded phones, it doesn't make any sense. We have already reached out to the firm to provide any support they need in accomplishing their potential goal of this class action lawsuit. Its time someone sticks up for the consumers who have been ripped off by this multi-billion dollar company. In the mean time, please follow us on Twitter and sign our petition at Change.org regarding this very issue. We have a lot of signatures and would appreciate your's and your share as well. Thank you in advance! 3fren I'm seeing so many comments about the battery issue going away with just replacing it. I guess I have to give it try. I'm always cautious when it comes to replacing a OEM battery with a replica though. Doug The early shutdown has been an issue on my Nexus 6P ever since I upgraded to Android 7. This has been a frustrating experience - I cannot trust the phone to not die on me when I need it and find myself constant carrying an external battery pack so I can start my phone back up if it dies. P. Sherman Just get an iPhone. It has SIGNIFICANTLY LESS DEVASTATING defects and actually functional software Quality Control team. thereasoner Lol, iOS is the worst when it comes to software issues and iPhone hardware is junk. No Google devices have yet to suffer the nightmares that were error 53 and Touch Disease much less the related class action lawsuits against Apple because of them! Are you trying to be funny? P. Sherman Yeah, no Android devices have had to deal with Touch Disease or error 53. Instead, they spontaneously combust (Note 7,) bootloop for no reason at all (ALL LG'S,) have glass backs that pop out when exposed to a little heat (Xperia Z2 and Z3,) have nearly unusable Bluetooth connectivity (Pixel, Xperia Z5,) heat so badly you can cook an egg on it (every Android that had a massive update,)... I could go on! I'm simply stating that iOS has historically been significantly less buggy and disastrous than Android when a new update rolls around (Think the disaster that was KitKat to Lollipop. The transition from iOS 6 to 7 was SIGNIFICANTLY less dramatic than that in terms of bugs and drains.) Also, Have an open mind and stop automagically trashing the iPhone. The iPhone may be lacking significantly in some areas, but it has two significant advantages - USABILITY AND LONGEVITY. thereasoner Correct, any serious issues facing Android phones have been a one off affecting only one model out of dozens of different models/manufacturers while both device bricking issues found in recent iPhones in error 53 and touch disease affected a much smaller base of phones and just one manufacturer . All the other minor issues you mentioned, be they real or exaggerated, are also very similar to minor issues various iPhones have faced as well its just that it's even worse for iPhones because there are so few models from one manufacturer(and they're still worse) vs several dozens models from over a dozen different manufacturers. That's how bad iPhones are when they have more serious issues despite producing so few models. Issues with Android phone should dwarf those of iPhones by a huge margin considering how many models /manufacturers are involved but they don't, the iPhones still manage to be worse! It's mind boggling when you think about but that's how bad Apple quality is these days. Jon Puhl My 6P is absolutely absurd. It shuts down as high up as 51%, and almost always when the battery percentage is lower than 30%. I'm really upset about this, because it's Google's last Nexus flagship, and it can't even last a full two years without having this dumb battery problem. Daniel Orchard I got a full refund for my 6p, and bought a pixel xl, was out of pocket a little for the upgrade but device was just out of warranty so im still happy with the outcome. Props to Google store support. Yeah i still l got charged the pixel while waiting for the refund, took about 2 weeks to come through but they organised the return shipping etc just like an rma. Im actually really happy. Mine would shutdown between 15-30% and i only lived with that for 2 weeks before starting the process of fixing it. Yes it happened after moving to 7.0 and yes rolling back to 6.x did not fix it so im convinced its software, nfi why they havent rolled out a fix yet. I suggest doing the same because all replacement n6p are still vulnerable to the bug afaik. Morenicano Just wanna make sure I follow, You saying you had your 6P for more than a year and they authorized a refund? I ask because I just reached them for an exchange but if I can get a refund and upgrade to the Pixel, I'll do it. Morenicano Just a heads up, JUST I contacted Google through the support tab in the settings of my 6P and they warranty replaced both mine and my wife's 6P and we bought them through Project Fi in November 2015 with no extended warranty. They said it's a known issue and setup the replacement with no problem and it has next (business) day shipping for the new one and you send the old one back once you have the new one up and running. They do put a hold for the value of the phone on your card while they wait for the old one to come back but they don't charge you Cory Wilson Crybabies. Seriously, my phone developed the issue last week, contacted Google, now I'm rocking a brand new Nexus 6p. Luckily I happened to be on the last day of my warranty but I also got protect so even if I was out of warranty I wasn't paying another $500 again. Just call Google instead of your lawyers dumb asses Packer Backer Wow, a snowflake playing Internet tough guy. Brandon Andrews I had my Nexus 6P become bricked by the bootloop issue. I bought my phone through Best buy and was still well within my 1 year manufacturer warranty when the problem occurred. Unfortunately when I called Best buy customer service and asked how to take care of the situation they told me to send it to this company called Jeg & Sons to get the problem reviewed and a replacement. Needless to say there was like a month long ordeal of mix ups with this company before they finally sent my phone back and told me they don't deal with my phone. Finally I eventually figured out I needed to send my phone to Huawei and they replaced my phone no problem. Sarah Despars I've never had this issue with my 6p so far. Hopefully it doesn't start! k_nonymous I experience this exact same problem and it drives me nuts. Battery saver mode on my 6P is supposed to be activated at 15% battery. The phone shuts off before it ever gets to that point. Also, 95% battery life is equivalent to 1h 5m???? Packer Backer Well well, according to thereasoner he thinks it's your fault. gparmar76 This is 100% hardware related...If it was the OS, it would be a widespread issue across all Android 7 handsets...Huawei is using cheap batteries... People who like the phone should go buy a replacement from a company like Zero Lemon (if available)..Or just buy another stock battery. Kirkster My Nexus 6P is 11 months old, and so far the only anomaly I've had is that it spontaneously factory-reset while in my pants pocket about two weeks ago, which was annoying. I recovered from the cloud backup, which restored all my apps, settings, etc, and my photos were set to back up to Google photos. I lost my call log and SMS messages though, but luckily most of my messaging is via WhatsApp (which restored everything). Still, annoying. I now have a SMS+call log app installed in case it happens again. No battery problems *yet*, now I'm dreading the one-year mark, after reading all the comments. Chalet_Badger My 6P bootloops, i can get it to start normally when the battery is ~5% or so but it will freeze and start to bootloop about a minute or two after. Duane I've had no issue with my 6p. Sounds like an annoying issue from the comments here. Robert B I've been having this problem for a few months now...I carry external battery around all the time because you never know when it feels like it's going to shut off and not turn back on Packer Backer According to thereasoner, it's your fault. clarence jones My 6p did not have the random shutdown at a certain percent issue before. After the 7.1.2 update it would crash and restart when the camera app was opened. About two days after the update it started boot looping and nothing i have tried has gotten it to successfully boot again. Packer Backer Tell thereasoner because he thinks it's your fault. Spudos Woah I thought this was just me. My ending battery life varies wildly, sometimes dying at 15% and on bad days dying around 40-50%. I would replace the battery myself but the teardown process looks like it requires an electrical engineering degree. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. Maybe you should straighten him out. Đức Thành Maybe Google deserves to be sued. Kyle Zess I am plagued by this issue. My phone shutdown after 5 minutes of non charging use. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. David Vogt Only time mine would shut down early at 30% or less is if I was out in freezing cold weather, phone just didn't like freezing weather, keep it warm and it's fine blueman24 Just admit it that your "quick charge" bs killed the battery early. Truth hurts huh My Nexus 6p 128 was barely a year old and it never recovered from the bootloop issue where it would keep restarting and not getting past the Google screen then restart over and over, losing precious pictures and videos of my children. My sister's Nexus 5 eventually broke from the bootloop issue 3 months later. We both had the $80 warranty but it seemed unfair having to pay for a replacement REFURBISHED Nexus 6p when the damage was caused by bad software. Sucked how although Nexus/Google/Huwei knew of ongoing repeated problems a 6 -9 months earlier, yet FAILED to try to resolve or prevent the recurring boot loop issue from infecting more phones. Finally, a lawsuit is in place. Damani Boyce After 7.1.1 update my Nexus 6p got bootloop an can't be fixed shame on them not even a reply from Google or Huawei. thereasoner Many on here are saying that they had no problem getting it fixed/replaced. Packer Backer Yeah, it's ALL his fault.... Posts like yours make some people dream of twisting your head off. thereasoner Why would you say it's his fault? Smoking one to many fatties?, Lol. Razed Mine currently dies at around 10%. I use it moderately and have had it since launch. Got Nexus Protect, but that seems worthless as all reports are that using that service will just get me an even worse battery. thereasoner My Pixel has been great, I'll have to ask a friend at work about his 6p to see if he's having issues. By the sounds of it only a small percentage of devices are affected. Packer Backer Nexus 6 by Motorola was a better direction. Gordon Mine would shut off at 25% consistently. I called Huawei and they actually replaced the battery for free. I had to pay for shipping 1 way, but the covered the rest. I got my phone December 2015, and it was just replaced this February. ThEGr33k Which country? Gordon Canada Trey Bradshaw I haven't encountered any bootlooping and my phone doesn't shut off unless my battery drops to about 2%. olivrstal happens to my 6p quite a bit as well :( hope it's gonna make it till the pixel 2 comes out :D mrjoeyloke My wife just got the bootloop of death on her 6p. I think that might be a whole different issue though. Kuldeep Choudhary This happens when a gaint company like google hires a Chinese company to manufacture it's top line product. I'm using my motorola nexus 6 for 2.5 years and still not a single problem im facing and decided to keep it for 1 more year. Omar Al Matar Had the problem, I was out of warranty, called them, no frustration or arguments, 5 minutes i had the email to get my new phone, and i sent them the one i had, i was even out of the country. Now I got it to last me another year, so idk about y'all Kristen Oliver This happened with me until I replaced the battery... At my own cost. Funnily enough that is not a software issue 12321 Please click the links below for details of my experience, which is echoed by thousands of other Nexus 6P owners. My handle is 12321 http://forums.androidcentral.com/nexus-6p/770380-google-takes-no-responsibility-if-os-updates-cause-nexus-6p-devices-randomly-power-off.html https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/google-takes-responsibility-os-updates-t3559030 https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/nexus-6p-randomly-shutting-50-youre-t3522911 https://androidforums.com/threads/7-1-1-from-google-how-is-your-battery-life-new-features.1099435/ abc Yes, please. Sue them! Merxury My Nexus 6p died, it stuck at bootloop every time when I turn on my phone. Sara Bales I've had the Huawei Nexus 6P since July of 2016, purchased new in the box. It started randomly shutting down within weeks, often multiple times a day. It was annoying and inconvenient, even shutting down once when I was on a 911 call reporting an intruder in the garage (talk about chaos. . . I had to wait for it to reboot and call again). My phone entered the "boot loop of death" the last week of March. The first 6 or so crashes, it rebooted just fine. But then it started getting hung up on the rainbow google animations, until finally it wouldn't even push past the Google screen. I was able to pull up the barcodes but other system reboots were useless. Since my phone is still under warranty, Huawei agreed to repair it but I had to wait 5 days for a label from UPS. It's been almost 3 weeks and I've heard nothing. They also didn't offer to send a loaner phone. At least mine was under warranty, I see on the forum that Google and Huawei have refused to help and neither want to accept responsibility. Ron Nguyen My 6p shutdown prematurely everyday but at different battery percentages. Mostly around 30%, but I have had 40, 50s and 60. Anunnaki A battery replacement fixes the early shutdown problem. Sriidhar sriidhar My 6p died couple of weeks ago and Google and Huawei must be sued for not taking the responsibility, I'm a student and I saved a lot of money to buy the phone but now they're like, it's not our concern as you're out of warranty! Konstigt2 Very good, they should have issued a recall and fixed them all. To not have your phone avail when you need it in case of emergency could be fatal. I have gotten my battery and screen replaced and that fixed it for me. arpit saxena My 6p shutdown few months back, after bootloop and hasn't been turned on since them. Both companies failed to address the situation and to fix the fault Huawei asks for 400$. I don't seem to find any kind of Justice in this area. David Berry All you poor nexus folks hot rolled. High price.shite processor thats had issues in every phone its been put in & sealed in battery copping quick charge for 12months through then the new usbc port then add that to the Chinese manufacturer &issues that causes with returns & you have a massive recipie for disaster. So is your nexus 6p still beter than an s7e or note5or7?Maybe the little fire issue puts it on a par with note 7 just but with that 810 inside it was always doomed from the start. No wonder they canned it for the now overpriced pixel. I think id rather a umi z plus for under half the price. So wheres the samsung haters now? I hate them too but they do make the best phones once you tweak this & that & set it up right. My note5 died after 18 months too. It did cop a real hammering as a wifi hotspot for a while there though. It used to get real hot with a few people connected at once & my bro never let it rest & would run it hot & flat every day. Sometimes 2x a day so it was to be expected. I got 2 note 7s for Sweet f%$ck all & a free s7e from samsung so ill forgive them a little & send back my note5 in the fire proof box & keep the other note 7 as a spare & as compensation for losing all my music &stuff on the note5& the fiasco of the n7recall. Sealed in batteries suck unless you replace your phone every 18months. Boy Ling Mine shuts down at 33% maybe 8 Times out of 10. I never updated to android 7. Mandeep Singh Pannu Mine normally dies off at 30%, then I connected it to charge, it comes back on at 30%.... Also I live up north in the UK, and at early in the morning, if I go out, and it's too cold it just dies randomly theadamsegal Very disappointed with Google. My Nexus 6P started shutting off at around 20% less than a year after I purchased it. The basically pulled an Apple with the release of the Pixel. After purchasing 3 Nexus phones in 4 years, I won't be buying a Google handset again. Ashwini Kumar Same issue here. Phone dies suddenly at 10-15% without any warnings. I love the phone but battery is pathetic. I barely get 10 hours on light usage. I hate apple but the 6s plus from work would be at 50% battery at the end of the day. First google deserted the nexus brand and then not honouring the issue. Disappointed! Sean Stone I'm currently replying from my just received RMA replacement for the boot loop issue. My warranty was technically up in November but the Google Tech Support hooked me up anyway. Better outcome than I was expecting. Thomas Boel Mine shut's down at round about 20%, but only when the screen is turned on! The warning comes and immediately it starts shutting down. Maggie Smith I don't get any warning. It just reboots at random. I wish I did get a warning. David Schleifstein Shuts down at 15% for me, closer to 30% for my wife's. I also noticed that a short time in colder temperatures can cause the battery to drop dead at 50% and up. Ger PG How is this affecting users? David McFee Same issue. Daily premature shutdown. So annoying. Jon Watts Get a grip people. It's just a phone. If it doesn't work just get a new one. I've had the 6P since its release in 2015. Yes I've had a few issues but nothing that didn't eventually get fixed. Dirge Yeah, all those thousands of people that suffer from this problem better just get a grip. So Google sold a defective product, so what? Go buy another one. Duh. "I'm not having any problems therefore these people need to get their shit together." *Rolls eye's* Drew Harden https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fff14c9ec4b9b4966ae37554f13b373d9bfa270aa644c3e5ef01a5fca3723410.png Mine usually shuts down when the phone is pretty cold and then I turn the screen on and then it just dies. In the warmer weather it still dies with 15% every time though. If I start a Snapchat video below 20% it's instantly off. Dan Molina I haven't had a shut down at 60% but I get it at 25% pretty consistently. Bootloop is rare too; however, I do get random restarts usually while on a phone call. Danny Mestriner Good, maybe they will finally get off their lazy asses and treat us like actual customers. I also have the shutdown issue since Nougat. Philip Quach I've had the same issue even after factory reset. It's especially bad when the temperature outside is cold. I'm really disappointed with Huawei and Google about this. Artūras Rimonis Having the same issue. It always shuts down at 15% or even more. Cara Buttitta sometimes mine dies at 20% sometimes at 60%. just today my 6p was at 90%, I took one picture without the flash and it shut down. very frustrating David Perez Yes, it's been an issue since nougat, from what I recall. Both Nexus 6p devices I have suffered from increased battery drain, and sudden shutdown anywhere from 15 to 25%. Google points to Huawei, Huawei points to Google. I downgraded one device back to marshmallow. Battery drain is still pronounced, but at least no shutdown. I get my warning at 15% and can run until the single digits. John Adams Will die between 20-35% every time, also randomly restarts at around 50%. This phone has been plagued with bugs since release... Jordan Hindley https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0aef98131463828edbc4ecec53b90938738636b0a4ab26649126e2b51247d48d.png My device shuts down at lots of different battery percentages and won't reboot until i attach to a power source. It's a nightmare. MeanBeans I get that all the time as well even after I changed the battery Mike I Easy. Have Google make their own phones. Call them, oh, Pixel? I'm writing this on my lg5x with 7.1.2. Very happy with it, but will take 200 off coupon on the LG g6 against any and all future 5x claims. Seiga Is it safe to say I should utilize my Nexus protect? I too am suffering from this issue. CJ Nexus 6p start shutting down with 1 to 2 times a day, which increase to more than 10 times within 3 month..huwaei and Google blaming each other for issues..phone is under warranty, but can't do anything.. Miresnare Love my 6p. Never had an issue with it apart from the slo-mo on the camera. Wonderful device. Rob Paek My 6P shut off abruptly right after it gave me the 15% warning the other day. Other than that it has been freezing lately and forcing me to reboot. lance colton Suing is great and all, but every AMERICAN class action lawsuit does absolutely nothing for those of us that aren't in the USA. All the times Nvidia and Sony got sued for stuff they sold me that didn't work as advertised, I'm entitled to NOTHING. This phone is such garbage. Just got it back from the bootloop repair, and the battery starts dying at 20% left. Then 40%. Yesterday, 60%. WTF. I don't think it's Google's fault, though. They would have fixed the software if they can by now. More like Huawei built this thing out of garbage, so it actually needs to be replaced after a year. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/776a4957bbcf9a86578fe290eba3107f160fabf3d0d520adb81993f61d67cca0.png You wouldn't believe the trouble I had getting this thing in for repairs either. I bought it from my carrier so I can't deal with Google or Huawei. They do troubleshooting but for warranty I have to deal with 'Freedom mobile'. I have to go into a certain shopping mall and go to a specific kiosk that is a designated repair center. They refused to honor the terms of the warranty, specifically that the original bootloop repair gives me 90 days more warranty. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/735c6d189c2684ae884f4c97c0d443766058dfa8c7119577c26c17b6da30b031.png Even the Huawei website says it's under warranty for a few more days. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/63182bf80270d912f90486d64178eff22d06e6ef98c0bbc1b1c6fcad3b6f4c62.png I had to give up at the kiosk, go to my car, and phone 611. Talked to an idiot that wastes my time with irrelevant troubleshooting, then she tries to tell me the warranty is expired too. Ask for a supervisor. Same story, but she speaks better English. I argue with her that they need to honor the terms on their website, but she says I'm not understanding them. I refuse to give up, she finally places me on hold for 5 min, comes back, admits I'm correct. I still have 3 days warranty according to her now. She puts a note on the account, then I go back to the kiosk, tell the guy there to read the note and finally he calls his manager, and figures out how to process the claim. If they didn't glue the stupid thing together, I'd replace the battery myself. They choose to make it un-repairable, they can fix it. Jeremy Miethker that means its going to bootloop soon. that is what happened to me Cindy Up until the April 2017 update, I was experiencing this same issue. My Nexus 6P would die with as much as 23% battery life left. oscar acevedo Oh that explains why my phone unexpectedly shuts down from time to time. Nexus 6P v7.1.2 blenderboy People still buy google devices like Pixel. Consumers vote with their money. The moment you buy a device you are promoting the brand. I don't think there will be any outcome for this lawsuit. This is just a publicity stunt. Samsung hardware is great, software is shit. Google software is ok but hardware partners do not work properly with Google(initial supply, firmware updates, warranty replacements). I am waiting for Pixel(maybe in 2 yrs) after seeing how current Pixel owners are treated by Google. Apple hardware is great, software works as expected. I use Linux at home and without itunes it is difficult to use a iPhone. So only option for me is Android. Charles Jordan I have the Nexus 6P a lotnd I have no issues and it's all updated. ThEGr33k Sent mi e of for RMA in the UK they did a "software update" to android 7 and sent it back. Safe to say the early shutdown and terrible battery life is still here... Have sent an email asking for the battery to be replaced so see what i hear back... Felipe I had my 6P fallen into the bootloop problem, I was given a replacement as Huawei honored its 15 months warranty (even though the documentation everywhere says it has 12 months factory warranty, it in fact has 15 months, with Huawei, but NOT with Google, shame Google!). Now, I'm about to get this replacement unit and pray, really pray hard that nothing new appears with this phone. Even tough there are now reports of replaced phones crashing again into the bootloop bug and, recently that Android 7.1.2 final, screwed the fingerprint sensor. Many are not liking the way Google+Huawei (yes, both) is handling this crisis, which in fact is a major one. I think customers who spent lots of hard earned money should get a quality device which keeps on working well, even after its warranty period expired and, wheren there is a well known massive problem, the manufacturer(s) Hardware+Software should honor fixes or reimburses, despite the fact that there are now the Pixels phones. If my replacement phone fails, I'd be more than willing to participate in a class action suit. Jeremy Miethker my brothers replacement phone already went into bootloop 5 days after receiving it. my phone died last week. Jacob Kraniak I thought I was going crazy when I noticed my 6P constantly rebooting on it's own. At least now I know I'm not alone with htis issue. Hopefully they give us something back in return. Maybe a replacement? Hell, I'd rather just return it at this point and use whatever credit they give me towards a Pixel or OP3T. that's not to say I haven't loved the 6P of course. Alexander Dumo Ive had this issue since updating my 6P sometime this past December. We shouldn't have to live with charging our phone before it hits approx 15%-20% battery life. When that warning pops up, the phone just shuts down. Make no sense...please fix this Huawei/Google! Charles Constantine I reported shutdowns at battery levels of 20-60 percentage remaining and was given a list of things to do including a "factory reset" and then told to report back by Google Project fi support. ARDankar I am glad I did not upgrade to nougat yet. Keep me posted on any news regarding issues with the Nexus 6P. David Droddy The Goog replaced my 6P very quickly when I demonstrated the sudden shut down problem even in safe mode and after full factory reset. Why would you report that Google is not responsive to this issue? Seanmiz Yep, I've experienced both issues on my 6P. I got hit with the bootloop of death a few months ago, luckily still under warranty with Huawei and got a replacement. I get the early battery shutdown usually in the 10-20% range. prwnd https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cd48abb593ae6c1dd226cbe06ba45cf7195abd40318303b2290ca9229846939e.png Biojoe Me too. Travis Coble Oddly enough, sometimes it shuts down early, and sometimes it's fine. However, given my use of it and constant recharging, I'm convinced that this will end up going nowhere because the problem is actually pretty normal for devices that are going on two years of age due to the use of LIon batteries. People claiming shutdown at 60%? I'd need to see it to believe it... maverick7526 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/3b98bc27cfb84fed5d59d503e403949c6d1cd50a18f37dd23dc58235aba80ad6.png It happens. It happened to me in Feb. It was very cold out and the phone just shut off, and would not turn on again until it was plugged into a charger. Brett Crowley Mine just hit a random boot loop and recovery mode is not working. Jeremy Miethker once it bootloops there is nothing you can do. it is now a cool paper weight Hussain Ahmadi I really hope they sue google for this. 6P keeps restarting without any reason, not to forget the excessive freezing issues. Google is getting very arrogant and need some spanking Hussain Ahmadi And of course this will be the last phone I've ever buy from google. Waiting eagerly for Note 8 mercado79 Yes, both issues. The battery issue was covered under warranty directly by Google. The bootloop issue occurred 1 month out of warranty and both companies told me there​ was nothing they could do for me. Marcin Nowak I had this issue since beginning of the year and Google forums just said wait for update. Finally contacted Google about it just last week feed up asking for help and they told me to F.off pretty much. zefred Got it. It started RIGHT after the one year mark. Contacted google AND Huawei, and was turned down by both. My N6p doesn't even last half a day with recharging. I need to carry extra external batteries everywhere with me, as well as a charge and cable, and the device is barely a year and a half old. NOT a happy camper :( 12321 Law360, Dallas (April 17, 2017, 5:29 PM EDT) -- Google Inc. and Huawei Technologies USA Inc. were hit with a putative class action in Texas federal court Friday over an allegedly defective smartphone, the Nexus 6P, which the user claims suffers from premature battery drainage. Plaintiff Alex Gorbatchev wants to represent a class of consumers who bought the Google Nexus 6P phones, which he says also suffer from a problem that sends the phone into a “death spiral” in which the phones suddenly switch off and then restart in what is referred to as an... https://www.law360.com/texas/articles/913933/class-hits-google-with-suit-over-defective-nexus-phones https://www.courthousenews.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/Bad-Cellphones.pdf Claude L Now it's getting worst with android 7.1.2. I was also experiencing early shutdown with my 6p when using 7.1.1. But now I'm unable to use my phone on a daily basis without having a early shutdown. Today again battery was at 20% and last week it happened at 37%. I was so happy when I bought my phone a year and a half ago because I was able to use it for the whole day without having to charge the battery... Now I have to carry a charger with me... It sucks theadb Anything we can do in Canada? Mine just shuts off randomly all the time. This is was a RMA from an older 6P that had massive battery issues. The guy I just spoke to said my original warranty was up in January this year and there was nothing he could do. This phone shuts down randomly all the time now. I've missed by alarm to wake up twice now because it just shuts off. Only way to power it back on is to go into bootloader and restart. adi sararu mine had his 20% dying today first time... and after reading above... my time to never touch google phones again :D Steve I had same battery problem with my 6p, rather than taking out a lawsuit against Google I just purchased a new battery and replaced it. Phone no longer has the issue, lawsuit closed Kyle Snider Phone shuts off early on me allllllll the time, does this lawsuit affect us in Canada? Adam Macias I'm suffering the premature battery death. I have yet to cross the boot loop issue though. God help me if I do. Jeremy Miethker well im a not so proud owner of a $800 dollar paper weight. i cant believe how this is being handled they want me to spend $550 to replace it than they will reimburse me. are you kidding me. however was wondering if this would happen again if i did get a new one? Jacob Lunsford My 6P shuts down with anywhere from 10-30% battery remaining. pi app my problem is the uber driver app stopped working on this phone about 2 weeks ago (same app was working fine on this phone for last 8 months). when i log into uber driver app on any other fine it works fine. a chinese person told me because huawei is a chinese company and they hate uber they may have done something to prevent the app from working on their phones. i was going to buy another nexus 6p to see if same problem occurs. then i will know. my battery's been fine with my phone. Svart Adam Solander My phone shutdown at around 20-25%. Quite annoying. sleepytinksy Also have this issue - phone shut down right before the gates opened for a soccer match and they only issued digital tickets, scan-able on the phone. As you can imagine, that was less than ideal. Panda without dark circle My 6p shut down at 35% or below when I travel to Japan on winter, I thought it was because of the cold. But when I back to Malaysia, it shut down at 60% or below, not every time but this scared me. :( And yes, it doesn't warning me at all, shut down without any sign. Ahmad Zaib I am from India and facing the same issue on my Nexus 6P. The Huawei customer care response has been that they are coming up with an official response soon. This has been the status since more than 3 weeks now. Anyone here, who knows what can we expect here or how do we proceed? Tom Z 71% (seventy-one percent) Shutdown! Mine just hit a new low (or high) with this issue. I just had mine shut down at 71% (seventy-one percent) remaining battery life. This is a very big problem. I was taking pictures when the phone just went into shut down. I couldn't get it to stay running until I connected power. This needs to be fixed! I'm on the latest version with April 2017 security updates. Tom boses Same issue here. I'm reaching the shutdown at about about 38% mark! I'm frustrated at Google's inaction! Jay Miller Mine has died anywhere from 43% to 15%. It is random battery percentage for the shutdown, but it always claims it is at 15% then shuts down. The minute you plug it in and turn it on, the battery percentage is what it really shut off at, and it is usually in the high 20's. So yesterday I tried something. I went to the factory images I had for my Nexus, and through ADB, I sent it "back in time" to Android 6.0 (original release firmware). I then put it to the test. I turned on the hotspot and started playing games that I know drain the battery. I got the warning at 15%....no shutdown. I continued further. I got a warning at 14%, at 12%, 10%, 5% and eventually it shutdown at 1%. I placed it on the charger and fired it up and it was "truly" at 1% battery. I haven't seen it fully drain in months. While the claim that new batteries work, it also appears that Google has work to do on their end as well. Reversing the firmware did work for me. However, the device wanted to update immediately. I accepted the security patch, but at this point in time I will refuse to upgrade back to Nougat if I can gain the full use of my phone without it shutting off prematurely. Here is my log: Firmware I was on 05/03/2017 at 11 AM Eastern US time: N2G47H (April 2017 Security Patch) Firmware I reversed it to on 05/03/2017 at 12 PM Eastern US time: MDA89D (September 2015) Firmware after accepting most recent security patch OTA on 05/03/2017 at 6:45 PM Eastern US time: MTC19T (Android 6.0.1 but security is May 2016) Mister Sonny I'm having the early shutdown issue, for me it's consistently at around 25% battery life. This is made worse by the fact that I have an accessory almost always connected (Fitbit Blaze) NumbGrip I've been having this problem since about 6 weeks ago and it started completly out of nowhere Vince Romeo I've encountered the boot loop problem on 6p after <18 mo. Occasionally sudden shutdowns before that happened. My wife's phone is ~19+ and has sudden shutdown issues. Darshan Jain I am facing the same bootloop issue and my phones warranty has expired and Huawei and Google refused to help Shailla Chand My phone will be fresh off the charger at 100% and shut down within 15 minutes. Talk about frustrating.. Gerbil My 6p has been losing power at alarming rate always with Android system and Android OS at the top. Then it began randomly shutting down an demanding to be charged after sending a notification my battery hit 0% when I was well above 40% and failed to detect my SIM card for about 3 hours. I down own a power bank so I'm really suffering here as my phone dies midday and I can't use it for the latter half of the day. chesterbr Now that you mention... I (a no-bootloop-but-frequent-shutdown-at-30% Nexus 6P user) had a couple failures on SIM card detection. Not sure how long they lasted, removing and reinserting seemed to have done the trick... keeps one wondering... :-/ rpeltz My Nexus 6p shuts down when the battery drops below 49 percent. This can happen in as little as an hour of idle time and the phone is just over 1 year old. Cassy Forrester I had the shut off issue. It was shutting off at 99% after a couple of weeks of only shutting off at 48% and below. Still ridiculous. Anyway, I bought it through Newegg so I had to deal with huawei.. biggest fucking pain in the ass. We waited 22 days for a shipping label. Called on a thursday and they said by Monday it would be emailed. Still didn't come. Called again and they said another few days. Didn't come. Called AGAIN and after 5 hours of being on the phone (that day alone.. 15 hours total), they sent the email with the label. I sent it in and like 4 business days later it was returned.. same phone I sent it.. doesn't shut off anymore.. BUT they told us it was a software issue and that they couldn't fix the phone so they would have to replace it. Clearly they didn't replace it but it doesn't shut off so that's good right? Well no. Now my phone is not charging if I use it while it's on the charger... Also, I get the warning when it boots that it can't be checked for corruption. Fuck these people. Fuck this phone. My warranty was up by the time they sent the label but they did say they are taking phone's after warranty because they are having so many issues with this phone.. (also why they took so long to help me) Well no wonder they're taking them! They are only half ass fixing them. So if a half ass fix is worth it to you, call them. They might help. This is the US in case that helps. iRulLezZ My 6p shutted down with full battery and restarted all the time ! Nothing happes ! Pghgeek My 6p has the issue. Powers off before battery is low. Won't tun back on until connect to a charger then shows 40 to 60% battery. Have to use another phone. Don Smith My 6p purchased 11/2015 has been the most fantastic phone i've ever had but hey. Now i noticed that i never get the battery saver time. Then i researched. my phone is shutting down at 56% batter. Of course there is no warning that this is coming. So it's only useful if i'm plugged in at home, the car or traveling with my anker battery pack, Thank you anker. My exeperience with trying the warranty once is that it's worse than worthless. Details for file a clain, time passes then a letter that your claim is denied. Seems rediculous. Better to know you don't have warranty than wast your money only to be frustrated. I'm ready to give up on android and an unreliable beta company. but add me to the list of sabotaged 6p lovers. Kelly Kay Mine shuts down at 25% without fail. Robert Hynes I still have the shutdown issue....anywhere from 60 to 20%. Unlikely I will get a pixel or other Google device unless there is a fix. Maybe we just need a more high profile device like a Samsung in order to get noticed. Jeffrey Huston I started experiencing this for the first time on my Nexus 6p shortly after installing Android 7.1.2. It can happen anywhere from 20% to even 60%, and happens multiple times daily. I've had the phone for probably a year and am generally always on the latest Android version. I don't think it started immediately; might have started a week after installing 7.1.2. I initially blamed an app or a Google play services update, but I've been factory resetting my phone three times now, each time reinstalling and updating fewer and fewer things to see if it would stop happening. It hasn't stopped yet. My next step was going to be factory resetting and doing zero app installs and updates (then it's basically just a phone, gross), but then I stumbled on this article. Now I'll probably skip that next factory reset and see if Google will send me a new phone. Hans Breda I contacted Google Support about this issue. They were very cooperative and are sending me a replacement! Hope this will solve the problem. chesterbr I did not have the bootloop, but phone would shutdown anywhere below 30%. After reading some experiences here I got my battery replaced at a local shop (Mobile Klinik in Toronto, CAD$ 60 plus tax, service done in 1-hour, no data loss or anything), and the problem is GONE: phone goes down to 1% at a steady pace. Normal usage gives me an entire day, just like it did when I purchased it. I'll be sad if a class action lawsuit earns something (not for the money, but for the principle), but it seems it will give my phone at least another year of life (heck, possibly more, this phone is a beast). But I'll hardly ever buy Google (or Huawei) again - this is not how you handle such issues. Michael Magdy My Nexus 6p stuck on google screen.. And the shutdown and repeat again.. Noone could solve this till now.. Even the two companies google and huwaei don't respond or tell where is the problem I went to a software programmer.. He could do nothing also It's now just a piece of metal I need help Kishor Padghan My Nexus 6p experienced early shut down 2 times so far despite having enough battery. It can be restarted only after battery is fully discharge and charging the phone. My phone has been unreliable now, it can ditch me any time. RJ Southam Mine started this weekend, I got a whopping 19 months out of my phone, however it still boots eventually just not sure for how much longer... Elizabeth Warner I basically keep a charger with me all the time and plug in in the car, at the office, at home... Very inconsistent, sometimes shuts down showing orange, but today was shutting down and showed as being at 28%. I've been uninstalling apps that I don't use, have a battery monitor so that I don't over charge... Dave Haines mine turns off randomly with about 30-40% left on the battery i dont think i have actually had it come up with power save in the last 2 months.... Colin Olsen Experiencing more and more early shutdowns on my Nexus 6p lately. Messenger seems to be the most notable cause, but sometimes it's totally random. Sometimes my device can read 40% battery remaining and completely drain in a matter of seconds. It's frustrating as I use my phone for work and keep in contact with my supervisor, salesmen, and district managers. If my phone keeps dying before 12pm, I'm getting rid of it soon. That's unacceptable. Christina Moore I'm experiencing the Bootloop problem right now. It really came out of nowhere which is too bad, because I really love the phone. ←  Older Comments  → Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 106 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 115 queries | 0.416s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [APK Download] Google Play Store For Android TV 5.5.15 Lets You Browse For All Compatible Apps And Games Michael Crider Follow View All Posts 2015/06/03 11:56am PDTJun 3, 2015 212 Plus 1 on G+ 26 Share on Facebook 113 Share on Twitter Total Shares238 Android TV Applications Games News Android TV has a serious app discovery problem, and it's the built-in "leanback" version of the Google Play Store. Before today, the Play Store on your TV only showed curated apps selected by the powers that be at Google, so between the video, audio, and game sections, there were less than two hundred apps on display for users. You might get the impression that these were the only Android TV apps available - the rest had to be manually searched for in the search function of the main leanback launcher. With version 5.5.15, that finally changes. New sections of the Android TV Google Play Store are now visible beneath the curated portion, and based on a quick run-through, it looks like every compatible app for your ATV device is exposed. You can scroll through lists of hundreds and hundreds of categorized results, just like on the main page of the Play Store on your phone or tablet. Based on several root tools, fart apps, and location-specific video streaming apps, there's no way these are being manually selected by Google.    In addition to the Top Apps list, standard apps are further divided into Messaging, Photography, Media, and Tools & Utilities. (Note: sometimes developers mark their apps incorrectly - the fighting game Soul Calibur is the most-downloaded "Messaging" app for Android TV, for example.) Games are further divided by genre, such as Arcade, Casual, Racing, et cetera. The update should go out automatically to all Android TV devices, but the improvement in app discovery and browsing may inspire you to install the APK manually. This is a little tricky for Android TV: you'll need to enable sideloaded apps in Settings, just like an Android phone, then find a way to get the file onto the device itself. The easiest way I've found is to drop the APK onto Google Drive or Dropbox, then use the cloud storage function of ES File Explorer (a free download for Android TV already available in the Play Store) to manually load and install it. If your device supports external storage, like the SHIELD TV or the Android M developer preview build of the Nexus Player, you can just drop it on an external drive. There may be other changes to the new Android TV Play Store, but since Google doesn't release update notes for Play Store in a user-accessible way, we haven't been able to find anything else of note. If we do, this article will be updated. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. File Name: com.android.vending-5.5.15-leanback-80300195-minAPI21.apk Version: 5.5.15-leanback (80300195) MD5: d6bbf9f107d0276fbfa5979100175795 APK Mirror Thanks: Shane Menshik Tags android tv app discovery app search leanback launcher play store subscribe ... Previous Story This Video Demo Of The Hound Voice Assistant In Action Leaves Us Pretty Amazed ... Next Story Verizon Rolls Out LG G Pad 10.1 LTE Android 5.0 OTA Software Update Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments EJRI Apps Apps ? Artem Russakovskii You saw nothing. EJRI Saw what ? What are you talking about ? Artem Russakovskii Exactly. atlouiedog Don't say it a third time or you'll summon a plate of potato skins. gotitogether Finally!! This is one of the most needed feature updates to the whole Android TV experience. ... bout dang time, Google! SpiderDice Work with ADT-1? Artem Russakovskii Yes. Raj Bhatt Any idea if this can be sideloaded onto FireTV? Adil Tajgeer probably not due to it missing play services. but if you can get that working on the fire tv, the play store *should* work Raj Bhatt Thanks, good point. patt off topic but try HaLauncher on ftv, perfect for rooted ftv Raj Bhatt Cool, thank you patt yup I use it on my forge it really great launcher but dev needs to add something so that icons looks better ,include custom icon-packs. I would gladly pay 3-5$ for it when he adds it. Alex That would be nice, but i think it needs Android 5.0 or 5.1 to "get Parsed" for Installation. (minApi21) But maybe i am wrong. Philipp Gaßner I think, this would be the perfect time for Sony to release Xperia Play 2. Patrick Smithopolis The Nexus player with Lollipop supports external storage. I have a 128GB flash drive attached to mine. Adil Tajgeer can you install apps to it? Patrick Smithopolis No, you can't install apps to it. You can read and view files and install APKs from it using es file explorer. Adil Tajgeer that's what i had thought, at least they're fixing this with android M! Clancy You can install apps to either a HDD or SD Card on the Nvidia Shield Android TV ;) Adil Tajgeer i heard it wasn't letting people install to a usb drive. i've been installing all my apps to an sd card on it perfectly though. so far i'm super impressed with the shield. i just have to figure out what to do with my nexus player now. Ron johnson Good to know. Mine just got delivered today. Will be messing with it tomorrow. I also got a 32gb card to go with it. It will be replacing my nexus player. Frank Durocher Do tell. KhasMek Why go through all the hassle of upload/download when adb install -r com.android.vending-5.5.15-leanback-80300195-minAPI21.apk works just fine? Artem Russakovskii Because you need to be connected via USB for that. Whereas you can easily download and send via something like ES File Explorer or AirDroid without ever hooking anything up. My Nexus Player is next to a TV, and I usually don't have anything connected to it. KhasMek It's not difficult to set up adb over wifi, if the device is rooted. However, I see your point. I find it easier to just plug the thing in compared to installing a file browser I'd never use for anything else, authorize it with my DropBox or Drive account, download from APK mirror, upload, download, browse to, and install (then uninstall the browser and de-authorize the app from Dropbox/Drive). patt and if its not rooted? liky my forge tv. KhasMek Then I have faith that you can read past my first sentence, my first response, or the directions in the article. What you got against capitalization of the first letters in a sentence? patt I did read but like others have said even if you are rooted or not more easier way for 99% of the people would be to simply download off-cloud which I do as well and I just rooted my Forge TV. Just saying no one is gonna bother with bunch of commands to transfer APK. Cheers KhasMek As I told Artem, to each their own. I was only offering an alternative method of installation and asking why it wasn't mentioned. But saying "a bunch of commands" is just flat out wrong. a[TAB] i[TAB] -r com.a[TAB] is all _I_ needed to enter to install it after download. Eleven keystrokes. How many long presses, dpad clicks, and mouse clicks (if downloaded and uploaded to the cloud via PC) via the method the author mentions? You are just saying, no need to reiterate, you just said it. patt I have google drive app on my PC so it acts like a folder so it's actually pretty fast,I just copy & paste apk,open ES File Explorer on my forge,copy to downloads folder (or not even copy just straight hit install). It's really fast. My upload is faster then my download so I do this often with kodi-nightly betas. http://www.speedtest.net/result/4408795573.png Alex Pls make a video with the New Play Store, :-) Frank Durocher lmao lzdking Does anyone know if this APK can be loaded onto the Nexus 7? I want to use my nexus 7 as a game console with my Moga controller. Sean Donovan Probably not a good idea but u can attempt it safely, if it doesn't pan out u should be able to uninstall the update back to whatever version is in the /system partition patt I saw it couple days ago on one of rooted cm 12.1 nexuses that I was doing for my friends,my forge didn't get it yet but I might sideloaded thanks for the APK. Icons didn't look good on my tv (it's 1080p/4k) tv the text under games didn't have enough space. Luxferro I wish google would stop doing these slow rollouts. Put an option in Android that enable us to get the latest google app updates. I'd say that 99% of the android geeks who frequent Android Police, Droid-Life, Phandroid, ect... would want the latest version. Let the clueless be last in line. (I already sideloaded the app... just venting.) Elphonse Elric Waiting for my Nvidia Shield console to be delivered, good to see there'll be apps to play with. monsterpower hhhhhhiii dears 88dollors in one hours with police < < w­­­w­­­w.­­­J­o­­b­­H­o­­­m­­­e­20­­.­­­C­­­o­­­m ­­ main789 hhhiii dears 77dollors in one hours with police < < w­­­w­­­w.­­­J­o­­b­­H­o­­­m­­­e­20­­.­­­C­­­o­­­m ­­ Julie Ankrom "There was a problem parsing the package." - Galaxy s5 Alex I think it needs Android 5.0 or 5.1. Adil Tajgeer this is for android TV, why would you even want to try this on a phone? Assembly Language I'd rather buy the Nexus Player than the Fire TV Thade780 Halle-fucking-luja. King_Android Only one a few apps you need, emulators and Kodi!!! The Nvidia ATV is by far the best cord cutter machine available. Hook up a hard drive to it and you are set to go. JeanClaude Wait, you can't download files through Chrome on Android TV? Dave Whyte My luck.... I install it and now my play store won't even stop with the spinning loading on my Nexus Player... Scott Harris Can I view this app section from the play store website? Seth Messer So, like a fool I installed the "latest" version bceause it said there were newer versions available, not realizing the play store + leanback play store versions are intermixed. That said, now that I have the regular play store installed, it won't let me install the 5.5.15 version of the leanback play store. Should I even care? I'd rather have the leanback version as it's just easier to navigate. Suggestions on what I can try, for getting the leanback version installed instead? I've tried cache/data clearing, force stopping, etc. mediumsizedrob This still does not expose every app/game available for ATV. Laurin Osmanovic i have a chinese x86 android box running 5.1 and i want the launcher and settings app what do i do? Brad Armstrong Doesn't Work for me. It installs but there are no apps. All you can do is look at settings. You can't do anything with it so i don't see the point of it. On the video it shows kodi and file explorer but they are not on here. Not sure how they got those apps on there? Deepak Pk TvExploer -  An android TV exclusive File explorer https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.deepakpk.tvexplorer Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 106 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 119 queries | 0.674s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Home Solution Provider Distribution Vendor Security Cloud People M&A Tech trends Mobility matters Events Resources 2112 hub Newsletters Sign in Events Upcoming events Channelnomics Conference Security, Chicago Keeping up with a security landscape that has evolved quickly and continues to increase in complexity is becoming a real challenge for channel firms. Our event will shed light on the most significant challenges and suggest possible strategies for overcoming the most pressing issues. Date: 21 Jun 2017 Metropolitan Club 233 South Wacker Drive Willis Tower, 66th Floor Chicago, Illinois, Chicago Webinar: Is antivirus still relevant for ransomware protection? Brought to you by Channelnomics, in partnership with VIPRE Security – our panel of channel experts will discuss the complexities partners are facing in the antivirus, antimalware and ransomware space and how to overcome them to succeed in the market. Date: 28 Jun 2017 Your computer Channelnomics Conference MSP, San Diego As the MSP market is maturing & competition is increasing, it’s critical to stand out. But what is it that makes a world class managed service provider? Join us at Channelnomics MSP as we shed light on the future of the US managed services industry. Date: 21 Sep 2017 The Westin San Diego Gaslamp Quarter 910 Broadway Circle San Diego CA 92101, San Diego Channelnomics Cloud Conference New York Join us for this one day event to hear about what lies ahead and what strategies you can use to grow your business, streamline cloud operations and maximize profits. Meet leading industry vendors to find out about the latest technologies and network with fellow industry professionals. Date: 07 Dec 2017 New York View all events Follow our events Sign up to receive email alerts about our eventsSign up Resources Five technology trends you can't afford to ignore Why does cloud computing matter? What else can I do to attract SMB clients to my business? Should I be offering digital security as part of my services? The answers to these questions, and more, lie tucked away in this guide. Ready to get started? Download your free copy today. Download 10 hidden costs of quoting with spreadsheets Many companies shy away from investing in professional quote and proposal automation platforms, maintaining that tried-and-true spreadsheet programs are the way forward. Unfortunately, spreadsheets weren't designed for quoting, but a purpose-built solution for quoting has arrived… Download Sign in   You are currently accessing Channelnomics.com via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Account details Contact support Sign out   Follow us RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Facebook Register 2112 hub Channelnomics.com Home Solution Provider Distribution Vendor Security Cloud People M&A Tech trends Mobility matters   You are currently accessing Channelnomics.com via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Account details Contact support Sign out   Vendor Cloud giants' channel recruitment not without challenges Solution providers face opportunity to define new value models in the channel Christine Horton 07 June 2017 Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   0 Comments Last month, Canalys highlighted competition for enterprise customers intensifying between public cloud providers and how the channel is going to be key to securing those customers. It noted cloud giants like Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Google view the channel as "integral to winning in the enterprise". "Go-to-market strategy, including both customer and channel partner engagement, will ultimately determine vendor success in this segment," Jordan De Leon, senior analyst at Canalys, said in a statement upon the release of figures showing the worldwide cloud infrastructure services market grew 42 percent year on year in Q1 2017 to reach $11.4 billion. Related articles Cloud giants' channel recruitment not without challenges Changing server market calls for partners to retool businesses Seizing the cyber security market Vendor Q&A Series: Steve Pataky, SonicWall Channelnomics' top five stories of the week - 2 June 2017 Key for solution providers is cloud providers in the space have been courting the channel. Announcing several updates to its Google Cloud partner program in March, Bertrand Yansouni, VP of global partner sales and strategic alliances at Google Cloud, and Nan Boden, head of global technology partners at Google Cloud, said in a joint blog post that partners "deliver significant value" to their customers and that they're "committed to supporting their success". Elsewhere, Microsoft has been pushing its latest initiative, Azure Stack, to its channel partners, describing it in a company blog last month as the only platform that "blurs the line between public, private and hybrid clouds by extending Azure into customers' datacenters". However, Alastair Edwards, Canalys principal analyst, believes cloud providers still face a problem in that they don't have a legacy channel background and "don't necessarily understand what motivates different partner types". He tells Channelnomics: "Most have built programs around advisory partners up to now - which is important, but cloud providers must also start to appreciate the need to create programs that support other channel models that reflect the value of different partner types and help partners to make money." Nevertheless, the growth of public cloud is irrefutable. While AWS holds a global market share of 31 percent, Microsoft grew 93 percent year on year in Q1 2017, - largely attributed to converting a high number of its enterprise client base to Azure - and Google was up 74 percent compared to the same quarter last year, according to Canalys' figures. Indeed, Stacy Nethercoat, VP of Tech Data Cloud for the Americas, believes the industry has reached a tipping point where, in the next few years, IT spend related to cloud will be more than that of traditional IT. The channel must take advantage of this, she tells Channelnomics. "Partners can monetize this shift by diversifying their services offering to include managed services, training and consulting to help their customers navigate the disruptive technology landscape. Partners need to build a services arm that focuses on connecting technologies directly to business outcomes," she said. There is little doubt that enterprise customers are looking to shift more of their workloads into the cloud, but despite encouragement from cloud vendors, the road to managing that process can be a daunting task for many traditional resellers. For example, Nethercoat notes the cloud model is "time-consuming, capital-intensive and difficult to staff with talent possessing the right mix of business and technical skills". She adds thats the distributor recognizes "there is real work [needed] to help the channel bridge legacy and new digital business models", pointing to the distributor's set of enablement programs in this space. Edwards agrees the channel will play a critical role in helping customers identify which workloads customers want to move to the cloud and helping to deliver that. However, he points out that organizations are not moving their IT environments wholesale to public cloud, or to one single provider. Instead, they are sourcing multiple clouds for different workloads and applications and deploying and integrating those alongside on-premise software and infrastructure as part of hybrid environments. "They are choosing to move workloads between clouds, and growing numbers of customers that have started down the public cloud path are now moving, at least partially, back to private datacenters, or to become more selective in their move to public cloud as the real cost implications become clear," Edwards says. There is a huge opportunity for partners to define new value models in the channel, Edwards adds, as customers rely on their trusted IT provider to unravel the complexity associated with migrating to cloud. "Partners, therefore, play many roles, from advising customers on which cloud providers to use, to defining appropriate cloud strategies, to sourcing and deploying, integrating, securing and managing those services," he says. "As with product, customers don't want to manage multiple supplier relationships. They want simple, consolidated billing, and they want security across these hybrid environments. The cloud providers can't do that themselves. They are finding that they need - and customers are demanding - partners to play these roles for them." Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   Topics Vendor Solution Provider Cloud Solution provider Canalys Tech data vendor Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Google Partner programs More news Synnex CEO looking beyond the Americas with Westcon-Comstor acquisition ------ Distribution 08 June 2017 Unify looks to end channel 'entitlement' UC vendor overhauls partner payments system, says resellers, disties must work for rewards Vendor 08 June 2017 Today's channel rundown - 7 June 2017 Daily tech news and analysis channel partners need to know now, including ComputaCenter's U.S. office, BMC's new distributor, CareWorx's new CFO and more Channel Business 07 June 2017 Cloud giants' channel recruitment not without challenges Solution providers face opportunity to define new value models in the channel Vendor 07 June 2017 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Back to Top 07/06/2017 17:00:14 Most read Today's channel rundown - 7 June 2017 Cloud giants' channel recruitment not without challenges HPE claims leg up over Dell EMC, Cisco Datacenter 'more important than ever' as data moves to edge devices - HPE's Whitman Changing server market calls for partners to retool businesses Contact Us Marketing solutions About Incisive Media Terms and conditions Privacy and Cookie policy RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Facebook © Incisive Media Investments Limited 2015 Channelnomics is a licensed brand of The 2112 Strategy Group, LLC © Founder Emeritus - Lawrence M Walsh; Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX. Companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 9177174 & 9178013. Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 7 June 2017 | MYT 6:14 PM Apple wants to rock the market with HomePod, faces challenges Analysts are yet to be convinced that HomePod will rock the smart speaker market the way iPhones came to rule the smartphone world and iPods dominated MP3 players. — AFP SAN FRANCISCO: Apple’s new HomePod speaker may be music to the ears of its loyal fans, but how much it can crank up volume in the smart speaker market remains to be heard.  Apple unveiled its long-awaited HomePod at its annual developers conference taking place this week in the heart of Silicon Valley, enticing lovers of its products with a high-end offering in a market dominated by lower-priced devices from Amazon and Google.  Analysts are yet to be convinced that HomePod will rock the smart speaker market the way iPhones came to rule the smartphone world and iPods dominated MP3 players.  “If we are comparing this to Apple’s past successes, it doesn’t fit that model,” said analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group.  “This product is much more of a me-too offering.”  There was no overwhelming differentiation in HomePod, according to the analyst. But he saw a big negative – it is more expensive.  HomePod, infused with machine smarts by Siri digital assistant, will be priced at US$349 (RM1,489) when it begins shipping in December in the United States, Australia and Britain.  HomePod will take on Amazon Echo and Google Home, which have momentum in the arena of voice-controlled speakers capable of controlling smart appliances, fetching content from the Internet and more.  Amazon sells Echo devices for US$179 (RM763), and smaller “Dot” versions for US$50 (RM213). Google sells Home for US$180 (RM767), promoting the smart speakers with discounts.   HomePod’s tune  Apple played up the rich speaker quality of HomePod, and synched it with the company’s music service that boasts 27 million subscribers.  Apple vice president Phil Schiller said the company’s Siri team tuned the virtual assistant as a “musicologist” that learns the tastes of listeners and gets songs from the internet cloud.  The speaker has the “power to rock the house,” according to Schiller, and the aim is to make HomePod a voice-commanded assistant for news, messages, weather, traffic, home controls and more.  “Apple’s base should like it, because they are committed to the ecosystem,” Enderle said of HomePod.  “If you are paying the extra money because Apple is requiring you to do so to access your stuff, that is the Apple tax and it is the kind of thing that people don’t like.”  HomePod combined elements of Echo and Sonos smart speakers, known for rich sound quality, according to Reticle Research principal analyst Ross Rubin.  Apple lovers already tend to be “premium product buyers,” and may not flinch at paying more for what they believe is a superior quality product, said Gartner analyst Brian Blau.   Just a glimpse  Blau suspected Apple only gave a glimpse at its vision for HomePod, noting its potential to be a command center for smart houses and to mesh with iPhones, iPads, online services and more.  “We have to imagine there is going to be more there,” Blau said.  “Is it going to be an Echo killer? A Google Home killer? We are going to have to wait and see.  Apple be saving some insights into HomePod for later this year when it is expected to unveil a tenth-anniversary edition of the iPhone.  Since HomePod will not hit the market until December, it is unlikely to catch much of the year-end holiday shopping wave and post big sales this year, according to Blau.  “I think, over time, they are going to do just fine in this category but it is going to take a while,” the analyst said.  “I don’t think it will be the next iPhone,” Blau said of HomePod, “but, Apple could gain share and be a leader.”  In a blog post Technalysis Research founder Bob O’Donnell depicted Apple’s latest product news as an affirmation that the company has not fallen behind competitors and is working to take advantage of potentially exciting new technologies.  But O’Donnell also expressed scepticism on Apple’s ability to dominate this new segment.  “Yes, some songs may sound pleasing, but for true audiophiles who actually want to hear what the artiste and producer intended, Apple’s positioning of the HomePod as super high-quality speaker is going to be a very tough sell,” O’Donnell said in a blog post. — AFP Related Stories You May Be Interested Uber culture probe said to extend to handling of India rape case Apple’s two futures: VR is for desktop, AR is for mobile Digi offers a new fleet management solution Sony's PlayStation VR headset sales top one million units 5 superpowers that makes mum a hero 6 places you must visit in your lifetime Others Also Read Traditional kuih makmur gets a makeover AirAsia Free Seats promotion starts tomorrow Fish breeder wins guppy contest advertisement Latest News Digi offers a new fleet management solution Chinese exam authorities use facial recognition, drones to catch cheats Amazon error sends some shoppers to dog photo, not product page Super glitch strikes Philippine bank again Loophole allows Uber to avoid UK tax, undercut rivals Most Viewed in Tech Digi offers a new fleet management solution Chinese exam authorities use facial recognition, drones to catch cheats Samsung Galaxy Note 8 with borderless display could land by September Ikea to try selling through third party websites Super glitch strikes Philippine bank again Apple’s two futures: VR is for desktop, AR is for mobile Amazon error sends some shoppers to dog photo, not product page Chinese Apple staff suspected of selling private data Google introduces a new image-based shopping ad format Loophole allows Uber to avoid UK tax, undercut rivals Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 7 June 2017 | MYT 6:41 PM Google introduces a new image-based shopping ad format by sharmila nair Lee (left) and Lim believe that the Google Shopping Ads will boost online shopping this festive season. — ONG SOON HIN/The Star Google has launched a new image-based ad format which gives more visibility to e-commerce sites, with the intention of making online shopping a more visual experience. The Google Shopping Ads display images of the products searched alongside useful information and links to the merchants selling those items. This is an addition to the existing text based ads, which Google believes will benefit shoppers and merchants alike. “Online shopping is fast becoming a trusted and preferred way of shopping for Malaysians, with 30% already making purchases online. About 51% of offline sales are influenced by research done online,” said Google Malaysia e-commerce and travel industry manager Su Ann Lim. “The visual experience as well as real-time prices and availability will help Malaysians shop better and faster, and help merchants increase their online marketing return on investment.” Retailers can use Google Shopping Ads to promote their products and boost traffic to their website or local store by putting product images, prices, and availability. Advertisers only pay when people click through to a website, just like with search ads, said Google.   According to a joint study by Google and Temasek Singapore, online sales in Malaysia in 2015 amounted to RM4bil and this number is projected to hit RM32bil in 2025. Google believes that the factors behind Malaysia’s growing e-commerce trend include the 24 million Internet population with 81% smartphone penetration. The study also shows that on average, Malaysians purchase at least nine items online per year, and are expected to buy at least 14 items per year in the next decade. Launched today, the Google Shopping Ads had been in a closed beta test for six months with selected Malaysians getting a chance try out the new ad format. Google worked alongside online marketplace 11street, which says it saw a rise in traffic to their sellers’ products during the test period. Google’s analytics from 2015 to 2016 show that Raya-related searches and purchases start to accelerate eight weeks before the celebration and peaks on the Raya week itself. 11street Malaysia marketing vice-president Peter Lee believes that traffic to the site will increase up to 65% during this Raya season, and projects that online sales will continue upward by at least 50% throughout the Ramadan and Raya periods this year. 11street’s findings show an increase in the purchase of e-vouchers during the same festive period in 2016, with the search for food and beverage e-vouchers surged to more than 1.2 million. “We expect consumers to purchase more e-vouchers this year, encouraged by the fact that more five-star establishments and restaurants are offering their delectable spread,” said Lee. Google shares that during Ramadan, more Malaysians look for good deals and location-specific buffets with “buffet ramadan murah” search topic seeing a two-fold increase recently. 11street notes that searches and purchases for baby car seats and car maintenance packages also increase during the Raya period. Related story: What Malaysians buy online during Ramadan and Hari Raya Related Stories You May Be Interested Facebook launches features to connect US users to elected officials Super glitch strikes Philippine bank again Sony's PlayStation VR headset sales top one million units Trailer: Ronaldo spearheads FIFA 18 push 5 superpowers that makes mum a hero 6 places you must visit in your lifetime Others Also Read French federation president hits out at French men AirAsia Free Seats promotion starts tomorrow Homebuyers get rebates for properties bought during three-month period advertisement Latest News Digi offers a new fleet management solution Chinese exam authorities use facial recognition, drones to catch cheats Amazon error sends some shoppers to dog photo, not product page Super glitch strikes Philippine bank again Loophole allows Uber to avoid UK tax, undercut rivals Most Viewed in Tech Digi offers a new fleet management solution Chinese exam authorities use facial recognition, drones to catch cheats Samsung Galaxy Note 8 with borderless display could land by September Ikea to try selling through third party websites Super glitch strikes Philippine bank again Apple’s two futures: VR is for desktop, AR is for mobile Amazon error sends some shoppers to dog photo, not product page Chinese Apple staff suspected of selling private data Loophole allows Uber to avoid UK tax, undercut rivals Grab likely to seek funds, eyes financial services Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe Authors Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives The Canada Project Contact us Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Authors Brian Bethune Mark Brown Meagan Campbell Joe Castaldo Terra Ciolfe James Cowan Prajakta Dhopade Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Murad Hemmadi Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Catherine McIntyre Leah McLaren Shannon Proudfoot Jennifer Robson Graham Scott Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey David Thomas Paul Wells Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives The Canada Project Contact us News Politics Economy Education Culture Society Work Multimedia Follow Us Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Anne Kingston Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Evan Solomon Paul Wells All Authors Brian Bethune Mark Brown Meagan Campbell Joe Castaldo Terra Ciolfe James Cowan Prajakta Dhopade Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Murad Hemmadi Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Catherine McIntyre Leah McLaren Shannon Proudfoot Jennifer Robson Graham Scott Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey David Thomas Paul Wells Brian Bethune Mark Brown Meagan Campbell Joe Castaldo Terra Ciolfe James Cowan Prajakta Dhopade Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Murad Hemmadi Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Catherine McIntyre Leah McLaren Shannon Proudfoot Jennifer Robson Graham Scott Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey David Thomas Paul Wells Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   0 Google says these are Canada’s most misspelled words Here are the words that most frequently send people in each province and territory to the internet to ask “how to spell…” macleans.ca June 7, 2017 Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Pittsburgh, USA – July 15, 2016 Last week, just ahead of America’s national spelling bee, Google released a list of words that people in each state didn’t know how to spell. Google Labs came up with its list by looking at the most searched “how to spell” words across the country. So Maclean’s asked Google to run the same experiment in Canada. Here are the words that most frequently sent people in each province and territory to the internet to check the spelling: And here, for comparison, is Google’s map of America’s spelling struggles. At five letters “altar” in the Yukon and “yacht” in Nova Scotia are the shortest words on the Canadian list. (By comparison “liar,” which befuddles those in Rhode Island, was the shortest on the American list.) Meanwhile the Canada and U.S. maps show that spelling difficulties transcend borders, with neighbouring B.C. and Washington state both stumped by “pneumonia”. The real question is, why are people in Alberta so concerned with spelling supercalifragilisticexpialidocious? They’re not alone on the continent, either. The biggest word you ever heard, from the 1964 film Mary Poppins, was also the most searched for word in West Virginia and Connecticut.   Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Filed under: Editor's Picks Google Spelling Advertisement Advertisement    Post navigation Previous A new survey explores what makes us Canadian Next The Liberals’ defence policy: So much, and too little Leave a comment Hide comments Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Related stories Donald Trump's vulgar reply to the London attacks The Canada150 Quiz Countdown trivia test: Day 125! The public theatre of the Bill Cosby trial The London attack: It's getting harder to keep calm and carry on The London attack and Britain's shattered illusion of immunity Popular on Maclean's   1 of 2   The Canada most people don’t see 66 comments Google says these are Canada’s most misspelled words Is Toronto’s housing market decline for real? 1 comment Bill Cosby’s Canadian accuser stands tall at his trial 1 comment Canada supports a ‘values’ test. But not the values of the far right. 7 comments How Céline Dion became cool 2 comments The ‘honest and unfiltered’ Donald Trump 2 comments Why British Columbia should hold another election—right away 9 comments Chrystia Freeland explains the world for you 15 comments If you’ve ever smoked marijuana, beware of the U.S. border 4 comments Top Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Contact Us Site Map Subscribe Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Macleans.ca newsletters Need to know Essential reading on the national conversation. Sign up for a daily dose of news, commentary and analysis from the always thought-provoking Maclean's newsroom.† Storyline Every Saturday, we'll send you our editor's picks of the best stories on Macleans.ca† From our partners Yes! I would like Maclean's to send me alerts, information, event notifications, special deals and promotions from our carefully screened partners that they feel may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 2001-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
The New Chrome and Safari Will Reshape the Web Subscribe business culture design gear science security transportation photo video Search business culture design gear science security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine Wired Insider Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. submit Author: Klint FinleyKlint Finley business 06.07.17 07:00 am The New Chrome and Safari Will Reshape the Web Getty Images Share share tweet comment email Author: Klint FinleyKlint Finley business 06.07.17 07:00 am The New Chrome and Safari Will Reshape the Web Getty Images Apple and Google are cracking down on obnoxious online ads. And they just might change the way the web works in the process. Last week Google confirmed that Chrome—the most widely used web browser in the world—will block all ads on sites that include particularly egregious ads, including those that autoplay videos, hog too much of the screen, or make you wait to see the content you just clicked on. Apple meanwhile announced yesterday that Safari will soon stop websites from automatically playing audio or video without your permission. The company's next browser update will even give users the option to load pages in "Reader" mode by default, which will strip not only ads but many other layout elements. The next version will also step up features to block third parties from tracking what you do online. Related Stories Davey Alba Facebook Claims It Has a Better Way to Prove Ads Work on Facebook Davey Alba Want a Better Web? Here’s an Idea: Pay for It Davis Richardson Blame the Fyre Festival Fiasco on the Plague of Celebrity Influencers But the two companies' plans don't just mean a cleaner web experience. They represent a shift in the way web browsers work. Instead of passively downloading and running whatever code and content a website delivers, these browsers will take an active role shaping your web experience. That means publishers will have to rethink not just their ads but their assumptions about what readers do and don't see when they visit their pages. For years, browsers have simply served as portals to the web, not tools for shaping the web itself. They take the code they're given and obediently render a page as instructed. Sure, browsers have long blocked pop-up ads and warned users who tried to visit potentially malicious websites. But beyond letting you change the font size, browsers don't typically let you do much to change the content of a page. "Browsers have always been about standards and making sure that all browsers show the same content," says Firefox vice president of product Nick Nguyen. "It's been a neutral view of the web." The problem is that this complacency has led to a crappier web. Publishers plaster their sites with ads that automatically play video and audio without your permission. Advertisers collect data about the pages you visit. And criminals sometimes use bad ads to deliver malware. Many people have taken the matter into their own hands by installing plugins to block ads or trackers. About 26 percent of internet users have ad blockers on their computers, according to a survey conducted by the Interactive Advertising Bureau. Some 10 percent have ad blockers on their phones. Now browser-makers are starting to build these types of features right into their products. Firefox added tracker-blocking to its private browser mode in 2015, and Opera added an optional ad-blocking feature last year. Meanwhile, newer companies like Brave and Cliqz have launched privacy-centric browsers of their own. Now, thanks to Apple and Google, this trend is going mainstream. About 54 percent of all web surfers used Chrome last month, according to StatCounter, and about 14 percent used Safari. In other words, nearly all browsers will at the very least let users curb the worst ads on the sites they visit. And websites will have to adjust. The Business of Blocking It might seem weird for Google, one of the world's largest advertising companies, to build an ad-blocking tool right into one of its core products. But the search giant may be engaging in a bit of online judo. Google only plans to block ads on pages that feature types of ads identified by an ad-industry trade group as the most annoying. Google may be hoping that stripping out the worst ads will eliminate the impetus to download much stronger third-party ad blockers that also block its own ads and tracking. Apple, which doesn't depend on advertising revenue, is taking a more radical approach. In addition to blocking cookies that could be used to track people across sites, the company will also give users the choice to display only the main content of a page, throwing out not just ads but extras like lists of "related stories" and other enticements to stay on a particular site. The page's prescribed fonts and color scheme get thrown out as well. Safari has offered the reader view as an option since 2010, but traditionally you've had to load a page before you can turn the option on. Letting people turn it on by default means they could visit pages and never see the original versions. That's a big change that goes well beyond ad-blocking. It means that a page's code could soon act more as a set of suggestions for how browsers should present its content, not a blueprint to be followed as closely as possible. That doesn't just change the way companies have to think about ads. It changes the relationship between reader and publisher—and between publishers and browser makers. For example, Brave—the privacy-centric browsing company founded by Firefox creator Brendan Eich—hopes to essentially invert the advertising business model by having the browser, not the webpage, serve up ads, then share the revenue with publishers. That's just one new model that this new paradigm makes possible, whether publishers like it or not. #Advertising #apple #Browsers #google #The Web Most Popular TV Westworld's Creators Know Why Sci-Fi Is So DystopianAuthor: Maria LokkeMaria Lokke Architecture Apple's Architect Says the Future of Offices Must Be FlexibleAuthor: Elizabeth StinsonElizabeth Stinson Internet of Things Andy Rubin Has a Plan to Smarten Up the Connected HomeAuthor: David PierceDavid PierceMore Stories View Comments Sponsored StoriesPowered By Outbrain Brian Barrett An IBM Breakthrough Ensures Silicon Will Keep Shrinking Nitasha Tiku Digital Privacy Is Making Antitrust Exciting Again Nitasha Tiku The Gospel of Hard Work, According to Silicon Valley Cade Metz Google Is Already Late to China's AI Revolution Klint Finley Diversity in Open Source Is Even Worse Than in Tech Overall Issie Lapowsky Even Without Paris, Business Will Leave Trump Behind on Climate Change More business Genetics Crispr May Cure All Genetic Disease—One DayAuthor: Megan MolteniMegan Molteni Healthcare Google’s AI Eye Doctor Gets Ready to Go to Work in IndiaAuthor: Tom SimoniteTom Simonite money The Day Will Come When Your Credit Card Will DisappearAuthor: Klint FinleyKlint Finley WIRED Business Conference How Google Copes When Even It Can't Afford Enough GearAuthor: Klint FinleyKlint Finley Security Hacking Online Hate Means Talking to the Humans Behind ItAuthor: Emily DreyfussEmily Dreyfuss Education In a Fake Fact Era, Schools Teach the ABCs of News LiteracyAuthor: Issie LapowskyIssie Lapowsky We RecommendPowered By Outbrain Kayla LaCour Women Engineers On the Rampant Sexism of Silicon Valley Issie Lapowsky Trump's Twitter Blocking May Violate First Amendment Klint Finley The End of Net Neutrality Could Shackle the Internet of Things Tom Simonite Apple Just Joined Tech's Great Race to Democratize AI Zachary Karabell A Laptop Ban Leaves Everyone Scared and No One Safer Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. submit Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us Securedrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN Collection Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Install Google Assistant on Android Lollipop without root JC Torres - Jun 7, 2017 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit One of Android’s biggest problems, next to security exploits, is its fragmentation. Never mind the dizzying array of Android versions available in the market, fragmentation means that not all devices, even relatively recent ones, will sport the same features. Take for example Google’s new favorite pet Google Assistant, which is only available for Android 6.0 Marshmallow onward. Android 5.0, a.k.a. Lollipop, still commands a third of the market but remains Assistant-less. Fortunately, it’s not that hard to actually get Google Assistant on your Lollipop device, provided you’re willing to make some concessions. And you don’t even need to root your phone to do it. We’ll give you the fine print upfront so you know what you’re getting into before you commit yourself to the process. Getting Google Assistant to work on Lollipop devices, even and especially without root, is practically a workaround. It’s never going to be perfect and there’s a chance Google might push an update that will stop this from working. Having Assistant also conflicts with Google Now on Tap, so you’ll have to make a choice between the two. You also need to bid farewell to your favorite Android Launcher. Unless your favorite happens to be Nova Launcher or Activity Launcher, as either of these two is needed for the magic to happen. Being the more popular one, we’ll go with Nova Launcher. If you’re prepared for the adventure, then follow the easy steps below. Credit goes to Nikhilkumar038 on XDA for coming up with the workaround. Get updated, set things right The first important step that gets the ball rolling isn’t actually installing Nova Launcher. Though you can always do that at the same time. Before starting, or after you’ve installed Nova, make sure you’re apps are up-to-date, particularly Google apps. Or to be even more specific, the Google Search app, as this is the app that contains Google Assistant. You also have to set your device’s language to US English (UK English also seems to work). It might be a pain for those who use a different language or version of English, but it is currently the only kind of English Google Assistant understands. Install Nova Launcher Next step is to finally install Nova Launcher. Even the free one will do. Nova is one of the most popular veterans in the Android Launcher market that is still actively developed to this day. It will definitely be worth your while, even if you aren’t interested in Google Assistant. While setting up Google Assistant, you’ll most likely want to make Nova Launcher your default Home launcher as you might be going back and forth. Usually, you’ll be asked to choose your default launcher the first time you install a new one. But it case your OEM’s custom launcher (like Huawei’s EMUI) doesn’t do that, Nova Launcher’s Settings app has an option for you to manually do so. It goes without saying, you’ll also need the Google Search app to be installed, which is the default anyway in Google-certified device. Add an “Activity” widget Once Nova Launcher is installed, you’ll need to add a home screen widget. Not just any widget, mind, but a special “Activities” one from Nova. You do it like any other widget. Simply tap and hold on any empty space on the home screen to go into Edit mode. Select “Widget” and look for the Activities widget in the Nova Launcher group. Press and hold to drop the Activities icon anywhere on the home screen. Look for Google Assistant under the Google app That’s the last finger exercise you’ll do in this guide, scout’s honor! The moment you drop the Activities widget, a Window will pop up with an Activities title. Time to give your eyes a bit of an exercise! Look for the “Google App” entry in the list and tap on it to expand. Now look for the Google Assistant entry with “com.google.android.apps.gsa.staticplugins.opa.hq.OpaHqActivity” under its name. Hint: it’s near the end of the Google App list, a bit above the Voice Search entries. Once you tap on that, you will be taken back to the home screen where you will see a new icon that looks a lot like the Google Assistant icon. Congratulations! You’ve gone through the most grueling steps in the process. Now all that’s left is actually enabling Assistant. Add a reminder to activate Google Assistant Tapping that Google Assistant icon will take you to Google Assistant’s window. You aren’t done yet, though. Assistant still lies dormant. Scoot over to the “Your Stuff” tab, which should show a list of things Assistant can keep track of. If that page is empty, see the next step. If you followed the steps religiously, you’ll see a Reminders entry at the top of the list. Tapping on “Add Reminder” will kickstart the process of setting up Google Assistant’s voice trigger. Anyone who has set up “OK, Google” in Google Now will be familiar with the process. And that’s pretty much it! Google Assistant will take you through a tutorial, but you’re always free to ignore. Just hit the home button and say “OK, Google” and let Google Assistant work its magic. When things go wrong What if “Your Stuff” doesn’t have any stuff? That most likely means you didn’t set the correct language. Head on over to your phone’s Settings app and pick English (US) from the Language and Input settings. You might also want to clear your Google app’s cache in the Settings app, but that’s not always necessary. Do note that every time you change the language, you have to redo your OK, Google voice training, so don’t be surprised if Assistant doesn’t respond to you after you switch languages. Long press on the Home button doesn’t launch Google Assistant! And it never will. Not unless you root your phone, which is beyond the scope of this guide. The home button will always launch Google Now and there’s no way around that. The only way to activate Google Assistant is either through voice or by tapping on the freshly minted Assistant icon on the home screen. Enjoy Now you can ask Google Assistant anything you like (it might not give the answers you want, though) and enjoy it as if you were on anything newer than Android Lollipop. This simple process also works on Android tablets, no matter the version, which are in the same boat as Android Lollipop phones. That is, bereft of the intelligence, and sometimes humor, of Google’s smart Assistant. Tags AndroidAndroid LollipopappGoogle Assistantguides Must Read Bits & Bytes E3 2017 Schedule: Press conferences for Nintendo, Microsoft, and more Apple let me down: 3 things I wanted to see at WWDC 2017 Apple’s HomePod sounds terrific – but the Siri Speaker has a big issue iPad Pro with iOS 11 isn’t enough to compete with the Surface Pro 2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio Review: Nothing exceeds like excess Latest Headlines 5 Things You Need To Know About The 2017 Honda Ridgeline Black Edition Jun 8, 2017 Android versus iOS 11: what Google needs to do Jun 8, 2017 ROLI’s $299 Seaboard Block is a modular squishy-keyed keyboard Jun 8, 2017 iOS 11 features Apple didn’t talk about at WWDC 2017 Jun 8, 2017 Super Nintendo World’s main attraction will be Mario Kart Jun 8, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio Review: Nothing exceeds like excess Jun 6, 2017 Vizio SmartCast M65-D1 Review Jun 5, 2017 HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Site Information About / Advertise / Tip Us / Contact Policies Ethics Statement / Privacy Policy / Terms of Use © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple The Latest: Analyst says late doesn't mean out for Apple Associated Press June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share 1 / 11 Phil Schiller, Apple's Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, introduces the HomePod speaker at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference Monday, June 5, 2017, in San Jose , Calif. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) — The Latest on Apple's annual conference in California (all times local): 1:00 p.m. Don't count Apple out even if it's late to the game in unveiling services based on artificial intelligence, one analyst says. CCS Insight analyst Geoff Blaber says time will tell how well Apple's smarter Siri digital assistant will compete with Google's Assistant and Amazon's Alexa. But he says Apple has an advantage given that it makes software and gadgets designed to work well together. On Monday, Apple previewed a Siri watch face on Apple Watch to offer reminders and other tasks people might be looking for. On the phone, Apple wants its digital assistant to be more helpful in navigating your digital life. If someone texts you about owing money, for instance, it will ask if you want to pay from your Apple Pay account. Apple also unveiled HomePod, a Siri-powered speaker coming in December. Apple has a history of releasing influential products that weren't themselves firsts. The iPod wasn't the first digital music player, yet it changed how the masses listen to music. ___ 12:35 p.m. Apple is transplanting its digital assistant Siri into an internet-connected speaker that will become the company's first new product in more than two years. The HomePod speaker unveiled at a conference for software programmers Monday is similar to devices that rivals Amazon and Google have already been selling, though Apple says it's giving more emphasis to sound quality, not just smarts. It's no surprise, but there's integration with the Apple Music online subscription. Besides playing music, HomePod will help people to manage their lives and homes. Siri will be the voice assistant responding to requests for information and other help around the house. It's Apple's first new device since the company released the Apple Watch in April 2015. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180 and Google sells its Home speaker for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, have helped plant the seeds for a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than doubling from last year. ___ 12:20 p.m. Apple is introducing a mid-sized iPad Pro in an attempt to revive interest in its once hot-selling line of tablets. The new 10.5-inch model offers room for a full-size keyboard, something the 9.7 inch model couldn't. Yet it isn't as bulky as the 12.9-inch model. Such a model had been expected in March, but Apple instead refreshed its non-Pro models. With consumers less interested in buying new tablets, Apple has increased its focus on designing tablets for professionals to do much of the same work that they usually perform on a laptop computer. It's also what Microsoft is targeting with its Surface Pro. The new iPad Pro also comes with a better camera — the same one found in the iPhone 7 — along with more storage, a better display and faster refreshing of moving images. The new model starts at $649 and will start shipping next week. Apple also previewed software updates for the iPad at its annual conference for software programmers on Monday. ___ 11:55 a.m. Apple is trying to make augmented reality a reality with new tools for iPhones and iPads. Augmented reality is the blending of the physical and virtual worlds. In one demo, Apple executive Craig Federighi pointed a camera at a table on stage and added a virtual coffee cup and a lamp on the real table. Apple is making software tools available for outside app writers to design apps with augmented reality. He says the tools will make hundreds of millions of iPhones and iPads capable of the technology. Microsoft, Facebook and Google also have been dabbling with augmented reality, though the developments are still in the early stages. Apple is also offering tools for app makers to embed artificial intelligence capabilities. This will be part of the iOS 11 software update for iPhones and iPads. It's expected in September. ___ 11:40 a.m. Siri will be paying more attention to what you do on your iPhone. Apple wants its digital assistant to be more helpful in navigating your digital life. It'll learn your habits based on what articles you might be reading, for instance. Or if someone texts you about owing money, it will ask if you want to pay from your Apple Pay account. Read More Google already tries to be proactive with its Assistant on Android phones and Google Home speaker. Apple is poised to announce its own speaker at its annual conference for software programmers Monday. Apple didn't discuss the privacy implications, though typically, the machine processing takes place on the device itself, rather than over the internet. That's a contrast to Google's approach. Apple's approach protects privacy, but might make the service less useful when switching devices. The Siri updates are expected in September with iOS 11, the next version of Apple's mobile software. ___ 11:20 a.m. Siri is getting a new voice on the iPhone, Make that new voices, as the male version of Siri is getting a refresh, too. It comes as Apple is poised to unveil a Siri-powered internet-connected speaker to rival Amazon's Echo and Google Home. Other features coming to iPhones and iPads include messages syncing in the cloud. Only the most recent messages will be kept on the device to save storage. For photos, Apple is turning to a "high efficiency" format to replace JPEGs. Although the format is not exclusive to Apple, it's not yet clear how well the photos will work with non-Apple software and devices, which mostly use JPEG. Apple is also bringing the ability to pay back a friend or other individual through its payment service, Apple Pay. Before, transactions had been limited to products and services from businesses and institutions. The free software update for mobile devices, iOS 11, is expected in September when Apple typically releases new iPhones. Apple's is unveiling new features at its annual conference for software programmers on Monday. ___ 11:10 a.m. Virtual reality is coming to Apple's Mac computers. New iMacs are getting brighter displays and graphics capabilities. Apple says that makes the Mac a great platform for developing virtual-reality experiences. Apple is late on VR. Samsung and Google already have VR systems centered on their smartphones. Apple executives demonstrated the use of Macs to produce VR experiences, though they didn't immediately talk about making a headset to view them. VR has often been described as the next big thing, though so far, the interest appears more among content developers and hardware makers than with everyday users. The new iMacs start at about $1,300. Apple also updated its MacBook laptops with faster processors. These new Macs start shipping Monday. Apple also unveiled the high-end iMac Pro for power users at its annual conference for software programmers Monday. It will come in December starting at about $5,000. The announcements follow complaints that Apple has let its Mac computers languish in favor of its better-selling products, namely the iPhone. ___ 10:50 a.m. Apple says its Safari browser will try to guard your privacy by identifying and blocking data files that track you as you move from website to website. It's turning to machine learning, a form of artificial intelligence, to make that happen. That's a new focus for Apple as it competes with Google and Amazon. Later Monday, it's expected to announce an internet-connected smart speaker to compete with Amazon's Echo and Google's Home. Other features coming to the Mac include the ability to stop video from automatically playing on websites when using Safari. The Mac will also get improved photo management, including new editing tools and better face recognition to help you search your photo library. The next Mac version will be called High Sierra, suggesting that it's a refinement of the current version, Sierra. Apple typically makes major updates to its Mac software every other year. It is coming out this fall and will be a free update. Apple's is unveiling new features at its annual conference for software programmers on Monday. ___ 10:35 a.m. Apple is updating its smartwatch to give it more "smarts" using the Siri digital assistant. With a new watch face, Apple Watch promises to learn about your routines to figure out what information to display on the watch face. That could include a reminder to make a call or a flight reservation. This comes as Google and Amazon have made headways in assisting users based on knowledge of past routines. Another watch face will feature Woody, Jessie and Buzz from "Toy Story," joining Mickey and Minnie Mouse. Apple is also bringing improvements to playing music and recording fitness activities. The new features will come in a software update expected in a few months. IDC estimates that Apple shipped about 3.6 million watches during the first three months of the year. By comparison, Apple shipped 51 million iPhones and 9 million iPads during the same stretch. ___ 10:25 a.m. Apple says Amazon will be making an app for its video service for the Apple TV device this year, filling one of the major gaps on Apple's streaming TV device. Amazon is already available on rival devices such as Roku and, of course, Amazon's Fire TV. CEO Tim Cook kicked off Apple's annual conference for software programmers on Monday. It's the first time in 15 years that Apple has held its conference in San Jose, the heart of Silicon Valley. The event has been in San Francisco in recent years. The event began with an Apple video portraying what life might be like without an app store. Not surprisingly, it depicts a world of chaos. __ 9:05 a.m. If Apple unveils a rival to internet-connected speakers from Amazon and Google, it wouldn't be the first time that Apple hops on the bandwagon of a technology product popularized by a competitor. For instance, Apple's large-size iPhones are now popular, after Apple initially resisted them despite strong sales for larger-display phones made by Samsung and other rivals. Apple is expected to announce plans for a speaker on Monday. It would be Apple's first new product since its smartwatch in 2015. The lack of a breakthrough device has periodically raised concerns that Apple has become too dependent on the iPhone. Although Apple Watch has emerged as the leader among smartwatches, it hasn't become a smash hit like the iPhone. ___ 8:45 a.m. Apple Watch has emerged as the market leader for smartwatches — but it has competition after including basic fitness trackers in the count. There, Apple shares the lead with Chinese company Xiaomi, whose fitness tracking wristbands are mostly sold in China. The research firm IDC says Apple and Xiaomi each has a worldwide market share of nearly 15 percent in the first quarter. Fitbit, once the leader of wearable devices, is third at about 12 percent. Samsung doubled the number of wearable devices shipped compared with the previous year, but it's still at fourth overall, at less than 5 percent, just ahead of Garmin. Apple is expected to unveil new features for its Apple Watch as its Worldwide Developers Conference kicks off on Monday. ___ 8:20 a.m. Apple's annual developers conference is the company's chance to preview upcoming features for iPhones, iPads, watches and Mac computers. The conference starts Monday in San Jose, California. The idea is to get outside software programmers geared up to write apps for Apple products. Leading up to it, Apple says those outside app developers have earned more than $70 billion since Apple's app store launched in 2008. Some of the most popular apps, such as Facebook, Instagram and Sanpchat, don't cost anything. The most popular paid apps are usually games. This week, this included "Minecraft: Pocket" and a new version of "Goat Simulator," an oddball game that's exactly what its name sounds like. Apple's also expected to unveil a voice-activated, internet-connected speaker to rival Amazon's Echo and Google Home. ___ Midnight Apple appears poised to unveil a voice-activated, internet-connected speaker that would create a new digital pipeline into people's homes. Tapping Apple's Siri digital assistant, such a speaker is expected to serve as a butler as well as an outlet for listening to music. If the speculation pans out, the speaker would be Apple's first new product since its smartwatch in 2015. It would mark an effort by Apple to catch up with Amazon and Google. Apple's annual conference for app developers begins Monday in San Jose, California. Although it was first smartphone maker to come out with a digital assistant when Siri debuted in 2011, it hasn't had a stand-alone assistant. For Apple, having one would further broaden the role that its software, services and gadgets play in people's lives. Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next E3 Preview: What to expect from 2017's marquee video game expo Yahoo Tech Watch live streaming video of James Comey’s testimony before Congress right here BGR News All the news we expect from Apple's huge developers conference Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The "Minimize All" keystroke in Windows Yahoo Tech Apple polishes up 23 features in Mac OS High Sierra Yahoo Tech This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Amazon Echo, Google Home and now, Apple HomePod Yahoo Tech Here’s what’s new: Apple’s High Sierra  Yahoo Tech This is probably the most covert hidden spy cam on the planet BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech Apple’s top new iOS 11 features  Yahoo Tech The 27 most interesting new features in iOS 11 Yahoo Tech Prosecutor: Teen in texting suicide case wanted attention Associated Press Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Live updates from Apple's developers conference Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The fastest way to uninstall a Windows 10 app Yahoo Tech The iPhone 8's Big New Feature Is On the Way Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech
Technology | Economy | Startups | Personal Finance | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Business Technology Personal Finance Startups Internet Culture Media Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Videos Subscribe to Newsletters 5 Searches That Show Bing Resists Alternative Facts Better Than Google Breitbart readers really engage with Katy Perry By Brady Dale • 06/07/17 7:21am Katy Perry, an avowed Hillary supporter, may not be excited about one corner of her fandom that we’ve discovered. Kevin Winter/Getty Images Is searching the web with Bing less likely to nurse a person’s tiny inner troll into a democracy wrecking monster? Microsoft’s search engine doesn’t even register as a traffic source on Parse.ly’s dashboard tracking the top sources of web referral, but that doesn’t necessarily mean that Bing’s results are bad. Meanwhile, there’s real reason to worry about how Google steers web users. Last week Paste Magazine posted an intriguing article contending that the political right has built up a network of websites that post similar content with similar angles in dozens of different places. By posting similar wackiness in lots of places, it explains, the insanity looks more credible when viewed through the lens of Google. If a user runs a search for a particular vein of alternative facts, they will get so many similar results that it could almost look true. Reading it made us wonder if the same tricks also warp results on other search engines, such as Microsoft’s Bing and France’s privacy-focused site, Qwant. Google and Facebook are the two main ways that people find media, as we’ve previously reported. No other search engine drives a significant portion of overall web traffic. The writer of Paste‘s piece, Roger Sollenberger, attests that he has experience with SEO hacking, having previously worked at a small firm in a competitive industry that managed to worm its way to the top of Google. He demonstrates that when people search for red meat conservative topics, Google tends to surface lots of very similar posts from non-mainstream websites. The post argues that this is accomplished using clever search engine optimization (SEO) tricks, such as cross-linking heavily. No one knows exactly how Google prioritizes search results, but people who have tested and retested the algorithms have found tricks to make certain content rise above others. So do the same tricks work as well on Bing and Qwant? Search I: “obama classified information bin laden” First, we tried the same two searches that Paste did to demonstrate the power of SEO in the post. The first one he wrote about was “obama classified information bin laden.” It came up following the accusations that Trump had revealed information he shouldn’t to Russian diplomats. When Paste ran the test, all the results on the front page were from highly questionable sites, like The Federalist and Trump Train News. The very last result on the front page leads to the Pulitzer-prize winning website, Politifact, the only reputable outlet on the page. We ran the same search Monday, and the Google results were about the same: Search on June 5, 2017. Screenshot It’s worth a note of caution that not everyone will get the same results for the same Google search. The site was long ago found to have a “filter bubble,” meaning it targeted results to what it believed the person searching wanted. The company may or may not have reined this in. It’s one of those questions it’s tough to get a straight answer to. So were Bing’s results comparably wacky? No. When we ran this result yesterday, Bing recommended several more mainstream sites: Bing’s version of the Obama leak search. Screenshot The third result is CNN, the fifth is a local CBS affiliate and the eighth is Vanity Fair. No, the “lamestream media” doesn’t always follow the right story and it’s far from infallible, but we understand what its standards are, how it operates and how to hold these sources accountable. It’s encouraging to see some reputable sites mixed in with the digital dittoheads of Breitbart and The Federalist. We wanted to highlight Qwant for this story, though, because it uses an interesting design that separates web results from news sources and social. All show up on the page, but it’s easy to see which is which. This feels like a useful innovation. DuckDuckGo is another privacy-oriented search engine that we’ve covered before. Qwant results for the Obama leaks search. Screenshot So here the purveyors of alternative facts still get their say, but under “web,” not “news.” Right alongside their posts, sites like CNN and CBS show up, creating a distinction in the quality of sources. In this particular case, though, it doesn’t look like the two sets of results directly address the same topic, however. We’ll later find that Qwant may not be quite up to the task of delineating which sources should defined as news, either. But it’s a nice idea. Search II. “trump no evidence collusion” Sollenberger wanted to run this search in order to tell a story about how the Trump administration is throwing a veil of doubts over mounting allegations that the president is too cozy with Moscow. When he ran his search, he got results from RealClearPolitics and The Hill, but writes that there’s not a single mainstream site in his results. Those two sites seem perfectly fine, even if they aren’t household names. When we ran the search Monday, our results were similar, but not exactly the same. Newsweek shows up at the top. Forbes shows up in the web results (though it looks like its a result from a contributor, not a staff writer). Google swapped The Weekly Standard for The Daily Caller as a right-wing news source at the top. Google on the Russia-Trump connection. Google Interestingly, Bing’s search layout really changes for this query. It breaks out news results first (that last one is the website of an independent journalist who previously worked for CBS News for many years). Then Bing throws some YouTube videos in the middle (which mostly look like folks ranting for their web cams) and then ends with what appears to be overall web results (yet the first one is from NBC). Bing, “no evidence” search. Bing This search is tough, though, because it apes a talking point that only the right wants to discuss, so it’s less surprising that it surfaces a bunch of similar results. Qwant totally chokes in the news section for this result. Its second and third results under news are both from Russian state-owned news agencies. Honestly, which is worse? Unscrupulously biased sources or those that exist mainly to advance the agenda of one of the world’s great dictators? As The New York Times executive editor, Dean Baquet said at SXSW, if a news source isn’t engaged in “an honorable pursuit of the truth,” it shouldn’t be credentialed as journalistic. Qwant lists two sites closely tied to the Russian government as news sources. Qwant Unlike the prior search, this one is recent enough that it lit up the social search function on the site, though mainly we see social media users eager to cut and paste the party line. Let’s hear it for fearless independence. Next, we did some searches of our own. We opened up the leading alt-right site, Breitbart News, for inspiration. Fun fact about Breitbart: the site publishes a little speech bubble alongside every headline to show how many comments a given story received on the site and on Facebook. Every single post on the front page when we looked yesterday had a big fat zero in that little icon. Today? Same thing. We went into the Internet Archive to look at the front page a year ago and see if it had been better then, but no: all zeros then too. It’s hard to understand why they include this widget in their design when it looks so bad. We did find one story that Breitbart readers wanted to talk about, though. This one: Katy Perry in Manchester: ‘Touch the Person Next to You’ and Tell Them ‘I Love You’ to Help ‘Conquer Hate.’ It had over 30 comments when we looked yesterday, but now it’s up to 50 (and more than 27,000 shares on Facebook). OK Breitbart readers. We see you. We know who you are now. Search III: Katy Perry Manchester Google confirms that Breitbart is secretly a Katy Perry fan site. Google This helps add some color to the story Sollenberger wrote. Nothing about this undermines his larger point, but it does show that even on topics where the right has tried to weigh in, they can’t necessarily dominate the conversation with high middle-of-the-road and apolitical interest. It is somewhat remarkable that Breitbart has the top story on a Katy Perry show and Rolling Stone is down there in search result dregs, however. The Alphabet posse might want to have a look at that. In fact, Bing’s having none of it. “This is a music story,” Microsoft’s wannabe search engine appears to retort, and Rolling Stone gets the top link. E! and People also come in ahead of Breitbart as well. I’m no expert on Ms. Perry, but this seems reasonable. Bing favors Rolling Stone over Breitbart for a music story. Bing Lastly, Qwant has the most well-rounded perspective on this event with its results, though somehow Breitbart still ranks very high. There’s something we don’t understand here, but we’ll leave it for now. They know Breitbart readers love Katy Perry in France, too. Qwant Search IV: “judges immigration laws” The top story on Breitbart when we visted yesterday was one about judges humiliated by the way they were made to enforce immigration laws (honestly, it’s a tough story to follow). This seemed like it hit the conservative buttons, though, so we ran tested it. Google doesn’t seem to be bogged down by the right wing echo chamber at all on this one. It has three links the Department of Justice and one to The New York Times. Yes, Breitbart leads the news results at the top, but it was also the only site writing this story at the time of yesterday’s search. Filter bubble popped? Google Then Bing really crushes this search, delivering a wide array of perspectives on a complicated topic, mostly from reputable outlets. Bing really focuses on breadth in this current event topic. Bing Aside from a completely bizarre first post about unionizing a car wash under “news,” Qwant delivers a sort of hybrid of the two approaches, with a bit of commentary from the lumpen tossed in under the social column. Qwant mixes news with government sources. Qwant Search V: “travel ban uk attacks” Breitbart also posted a story Monday backing Trump’s call for a travel ban subsequent to attacks in the United Kingdom. If the right really have managed to control the dialogue online, this felt like one that would be easy for those sites to dominate. Not so much. This was a legitimately huge story, and Google knew well enough to turn it over to sites like CNN and Reuters. Good job, Mountain View. Where’s the crazy in these results? Google Bing also doesn’t appear very interested in letting the peanut gallery take over at an important historical moment. It has results from ABC and the BBC, with a couple helpings of the “fair and balanced” Fox News in the mix. Bing also takes a pass on feeding the madness. Bing Lastly, Qwant: the standout result here shows that apparently AOL still stumbles along in the UK. Fascinating. Do they still use AIM in that newsroom? We’ll save that for a future post. Qwant’s travel ban results. Qwant So after running through these five searches, Paste‘s case remains strong, but the situation also isn’t quite so dire. These results suggest that when the right is able to define a narrow viewpoint that inspires its base, it really can use its echo chamber to orchestrate an appearance of consensus. On the other hand, it also doesn’t look like that echo chamber is powerful enough to outshout the larger discussion when real news and real facts have both the mainstream and the extremes engaged. That said, it does appear that Google is susceptible to an SEO strategy when the right really leans into its readers’ confirmation bias. Bing, on the other hand, does a better job of trying to mix in alternative viewpoints and more reliable reporting, even if it can’t find anyone from the mainstream talking about whatever Breitbart readers have gotten worked up about. Even just throwing in some tangentially relevant Washington Post or Vox stories helps to remind folks who’ve bought homes in Crazy Town that there’s other people living healthy lives beyond city limits. SEE ALSO: The Bright Side of Fake News: Tech Giants Have Unified to Beat It Business & Technology Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login Home Free PC Games Google Google makes games to help teach internet sense, safety and positivity to kids By Philippa Warr on June 6th, 2017 at 4:29 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Google has announced Be Internet Awesome; a collaborative project focused around teaching children how to be safe online. There are a bunch of teaching resources for parents and schools but I’m posting about it because the Interland section [official site] is a suite of four colourful games each focusing on a different aspect of safety. As per the Google blog the initiative was developed in collaboration with the Family Online Safety Institute, the Internet Keep Safe Coalition, ConnectSafely and others. Pavni Diwanji (Google’s VP of engineering for kids and families) notes: “for kids to really make the most of the web, we need more than just helpful products: We need to provide guidance as they learn to make their own smart decisions online. “This is one of the most significant issues that we all face as a new generation grows up with the Internet at their fingertips. It’s critical that the most influential people in our kids’ lives—parents and teachers, especially—help kids learn how to be smart, positive and kind online, just like we teach them to be offline. It’s something we all need to reinforce together.” First and foremost I’m interested in whether the parents among you think these games will be useful to your children. I’ve played all four and I think some felt more able to stand alone than others. The ability to act as standalone games will be more or less important depending on whether you want to use them alongside the other resources Google is offering. But given it’s far more of an investment to read the 48 page PDF which is what the curriculum section is [Be Internet Awesome Curriculum PDF] than go to the browser page it seemed to me like having them all function as fun things which teach by themselves was important. I’ve put my own thoughts below but, as I say, I’m interested in whether parents or other caregivers think differently. I’ll also add that to me it seemed like the curriculum was aiming for a totally different age range than the games. The games seemed like pre-school or very early primary age whereas the curriculum activities (which would theoretically be supported by those games) seemed to be for the top end of the primary age range – maybe even early high school. The first was a river zone which looks at phishing but crossing the river is just answering a quiz. I think the basic info it imparts is obviously useful but from being a kid at one point and knowing kids, you can know the correct answers for an educational game high score but then not apply them at all in real life. It’s things like knowing not to forward chain letters or not clicking on pop-ups offering you free stuff. You know know that in the abstract (and explicitly giving that information is valuable) but it isn’t the same as being in the moment and feeling the pressure to interact. For that one I would have been interested in a game where you maybe have to manage a pretend inbox and where clicking on the faux pop-ups gives you a penalty and the game gradually teaches you more about the ways you know if someone has been hacked. This section was also clearly US-focused in that it mentions what to do if someone asks for your social security number. I assume it’s supposed to be existing in dialogue with the other resources but sometimes that makes it feel like an end-of-chapter test rather than a tool for imparting knowledge in a fun way. I’m specifically thinking of a question where one of the answers involves verifying that an email comes from who you think it does but that can be a pretty complicated thing. The curriculum digs into that in a lot more detail, by the way. The sharing section was really interesting to me because it abstracted the idea into a kind of laser reflection puzzle. You needed to bounce a beam of light to only hit particular targets representing how you only want information to go to some people and not others. I liked how when you were sending a video you had taken of someone without permission it asked you to send it to the bin and not a person because you shouldn’t record people without permission. Other bits had you sharing a picture of an x-ray only with family. It felt like a good balance of an actual puzzle and the info Google and their associates wanted to impart to me but I’m well above the target audience. There was also a simple platformer where you collected hearts and then distributed them as compliments to fellow Internauts (for thus the game’s inhabitants are named). Big yellow bears acted as cyberbullies and would need to be reported or trapped. This felt more like a basic “don’t be a jerk” theme I’ve seen in a lot of games aimed at young children, although the idea of reporting a bully to get them removed from the gamespace felt effective. Again, I’m not sure how it would translate to real life because it would depend on the accessibilty and effectiveness of the moderation where you happened to be hanging out online. As an example, Twitter is a place where it can be incredibly difficult to get any real resolution to cyberbullying. The remaining game is a simple collection game where you pick up cubes with lower case, upper case and symbol characters in order to create a secure password. This one felt nothingy to me because it was more like a vague tutorial than actually putting any knowledge into practice. The passwords I generated using the system would perhaps have kept the enemy hacker character at bay (and hackers in real life) but I tried to memorise the password myself to see if it was useful for real life and… four minutes later it’s gone. Obviously the part about using a mixture of characters is the important part, but I’m concerned that you might leave the game thinking “well, that’s the theory but I guess I’d need to write it down to use it a second time so maybe I’ll stick with something else”. There are also a bunch of theories about online passwords and how we manage the balance between memorable and safe (or rely on some other system which we need to evaluate for safety). Perhaps that’s overthinking it. But lest it sound like I’m being dismissive of the Be Internet Awesome project as a whole, I downloaded and read the curriculum PDF. I’ve been pointing out that it augments and improves upon the browser games but there are some cool activities beyond the Interland games tucked away in there. The one which just caught my eye is where you give kids a selection of online activity from various characters and see what they can deduce from those snippets about that person. There’s a detective game element but it would underline the point that you can give away a lot of information without meaning to if you aren’t careful. It includes things like status updates, browser history, checking in at locations, pictures from events and more which could be used to find you or figure out how you might be vulnerable. An extension of that activity encourages kids to look at the information and see what other types of people might think based on that info. What would an employer assume? What would your family think? What would the police find out? What would an advertiser get? How about you in ten years? Another activity in that section is about evaluating the information you have and whether you a) have the right to share it in the first place and b) if you do whether it’s in the appropriate place. To me it feels like the curriculum document is the far stronger piece which is perhaps to be expected. It’s great on one level because it offers a bunch of different ways of approaching important topics but I’m a little disappointed that the games can’t seem to do more of the heavy lifting, simply because downloading and reading a 48 page PDF is less immediately engaging than playing browser games. Anyhoodle. Enough from me. What do you think? Good? Bad? Weird age discrepancy? Sudden strange need to throw letter blocks on the floor as a means of password generation? Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 10 Comments 06/06/2017 at 17:51 Eightball says: Thanks corporate overlords! Thorporate overlords. Log in to Reply 06/06/2017 at 18:34 Kefren says: Ironic when Google are one of the companies that makes online privacy a nightmare to maintain. Log in to Reply 06/06/2017 at 19:28 skeletortoise says: In order to help Google teach you about internet safety please provide us with your current location, financial information, and partial rights to your soul. Log in to Reply 06/06/2017 at 22:11 Marclev says: Comments above seem rather cynical. This seem like *a good thing* to me. I looked at the site, and as far as teaching kids about internet safety, playing a games has got to be more effective than lecturing them, so good on Google for doing this in my opinion. Log in to Reply 06/06/2017 at 22:58 Someoldguy says: I’d be interested to know what age range and technical knowledge level this is aimed at. I wouldn’t equate setting up a sensible password with the age where you’re managing your own emails and video sharing. Maybe this is a toolset you dip into at need? I know from personal experience that most kids in our school are using the computer from a very young age. The BBC even has CBeebies games for the 3-5s. Having graduated to games that need accounts (like Roblox) I did try and teach my kid the value of having a secure password and not sharing it. Can’t have done it too well because it wasn’t too long before he’d given it away to another player offering him free Robux. Fortunately their security meant I could recover the account pretty quickly, but it taught him about password security far more effectively than all my gentle nagging. Log in to Reply 07/06/2017 at 00:03 haldolium says: The game itself seems as detached to reality as many other educational ideas are, the PDF does do a lot more. For instance addressing the parents at the very start. I’ve played the game a bit and the target demographic clearly is very young, too young to actually grasp the meaning. Older children are most def. more interested in actual games, or are already deep into CS, CoD or GTA and would laugh off about this in their favorite subreddit or whatever kids use these days (ICQ still a thing?) The irony of this being a Google endeavor aside, this may should’ve been a game targeting at PARENTS who don’t know shit about the internet instead of kids, who grew up, make mistakes, and then maybe learn from it. Or being educated by their smarphone-moms who all the sudden got a game made by Google that educated them how all their facebook baby pics, candy crush spendings, trump re-tweeting and hatespeech postings are actually bad. Media literacy needs to be a mandatory subject of raising kids today, there is no way around that. Log in to Reply 07/06/2017 at 05:40 dethtoll says: Safety and positivity? Sounds like a commie safe space for libcuck sno– okay no I can’t do that with a straight face today. Log in to Reply 07/06/2017 at 06:03 death_au says: Games have the general idea down, but… I don’t know. I think they were a bit too boring and/or heavy handed. The blocking/reporting/spread positive vibes platformer was a decent enough idea. The abstraction of sharing into a light puzzle was a neat idea, but I feel like part of the puzzle should have been who you share the posts to, rather than telling you from the start. The password runner was just boring; I kept tripping over the corners of rocks and losing progress and it’s basically a password generator on its own and doesn’t encourage you to participate in creating your own passwords. And the phishing river quiz? No kid is going to care about that. Too boring. Plus it seems a bit self serving of Google to suggest that a site is probably trustworthy because it ranks highly in search results… In any case, I think the games are a neat idea but they need work. The Phishing one in particular I think could be replaced entirely with a Papers, Please style accept or reject based on how trustworthy the email looks with increasingly legit looking spam. The password generation one needs a rethink, too. I feel like there needs to be something where a ‘hacker’ character is attempting to brute force a bunch of accounts (treasure chests) which you have to lock with passwords. Too simple and the chests get unlocked quickly, and you can change a password to reset a hacker’s progress. Perhaps you could also include ‘phishing’ chests which take the password you enter and if your other passwords are too similar it unlocks those chests. Just spitballing here. Log in to Reply 07/06/2017 at 12:11 RaoulDuke says: I’m not 100% sure what “oversharers” means, but I think that it could exclude autistic kids by accident which would be a shame. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 00:45 jorjordandan says: I played through them all, and I thought it was great. My 5 year old could do the games pretty easily, other than the reading heavy river one. Fortunately, she has no account that could be phished. But you can’t really make this type of educational game even the least bit frustrating, or you will alienate someone. I think most non-gamers appreciate easy games – the little dopamine hits of success might even get them to try some other games. I think that the points were well made, and well adapted to game form. The lasers reflecting game really emphasized the fact that you need to think before you post about who that post will reach. I thought that was smart. I think there are LOTS of adults who would benefit from playing through these – even if they are not super fun, it’s a great tool to get you to think about this stuff for a few minutes. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags Google, Interland, Online safety. Search for clues News and things Dontnod’s Vampyr rising in November Suck on this PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds patch brings minor performance improvements We'll take 'em Super Meat Boy co-creator announces The End Is Nigh And in the game Be a struggling artist in painting sim Passpartout Struggle baguettes genuis And much more… The Top Best Bestest Games Of 2017 So Far 43 absolute gems Caveblazers is an interesting contrast to Spelunky I love it despite frustrations Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber poliovaccine : “*I* hadnt forgotten about this! This is what I'm hoping upon hope will be a ...” on Dontnod’s Vampyr rising in November PiiSmith : “I am not sure if it encourages "camping" more than the other game mechanics do. ...” on PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds patch brings minor performance improvements JakeOfRavenclaw : “I actually dug Remember Me quite a bit and have been hoping Dontnod would take ...” on Dontnod’s Vampyr rising in November PiiSmith : “But do they match make with other players of your skill or just try to ...” on PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds patch brings minor performance improvements poliovaccine : “From what I understand, it's exactly both.” on Dontnod’s Vampyr rising in November The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time Have You Played... Batman: Arkham Knight? Deploy BatFranchise Help me, I can't stop playing Flow Free Anything but free Best PC Gaming Deals Of The Week Find yourself a bargain Police Stories has a free alpha and a lot of potential Questions later Have You Played... Dead Space? Isaac Yankem The 10 Best PlayStation Now Games Coming to PC soon. What the Cyberpunk 2020 RPG can tell us about Cyberpunk 2077 What would Saint William Gibson do? Paradox on the future of historical strategy, RPGs and their internal development studio "The next Crusader Kings could be an RPG" The Great Outdoors: The Witness How to build an island The Joy Of Arkham Asylum's broken Batman Batbeards and Batbruises Have You Played… Assassin’s Creed? "You killed me? Let's talk" The Best GTA 5 Mods Play as a cop, add flying cars, and more Steam Charts: A New Dawn Plop-pickers The Sunday Papers Read more How Tool-Assisted Speedrunning Reveals The Inner-Life Of Video Games Meet the obsessives deconstructing Mario 64 What are we all playing this weekend? WELL? All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 5550 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 0.737% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
  Home Topics Archives About Contact  RSS Headlines « EPFL team develops low-cost catalyst for splitting CO2 | Main | Study projects emission impacts of inexpensive, efficient EVs: 36% further reduction in LDV GHG by 2050, or 9% economy-wide » Print this post Researchers use Google Street View cars for high-resolution air pollution mapping 7 June 2017 Engineering researchers at The University of Texas at Austin and colleagues have demonstrated a measurement approach to for urban air pollution mapping at 4–5 orders of magnitude greater spatial precision than possible with current central-site ambient monitoring. The team equipped two Google Street View vehicles with the fast-response Aclima Ei measurement and data acquisition platform and repeatedly sampled every street in a 30-km2 area of Oakland, CA, over the course of a year, developing the largest urban air quality data set of its type. The resulting maps of annual daytime NO, NO2, and black carbon at 30 m-scale revealed stable, persistent pollution patterns with “surprisingly” sharp small-scale variability attributable to local sources, up to 5–8× within individual city blocks. A paper on their work is published in the ACS journal Environmental Science & Technology. Since local variation in air quality profoundly impacts public health and environmental equity, our results have important implications for how air pollution is measured and managed. If validated elsewhere, this readily scalable measurement approach could address major air quality data gaps worldwide. —Apte et al. The research team was led by Cockrell School of Engineering assistant professor Joshua Apte in partnership with the Environmental Defense Fund (EDF), Google and Aclima, a San Francisco-based company that delivers environmental intelligence through sensor networks. The study included co-authors from the University of Washington, University of British Columbia, Utrecht University, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Aclima and EDF. Air pollution is a major global risk factor for illness and death, and the air pollution that people are breathing can be, at times, far worse than what official air quality monitors report. Most large urban areas have only one air quality monitor for every 100 to 200 square miles. In comparison, the mobile approach outlined in the paper and led by researchers at UT Austin, maps air pollution every 100 feet, or at about four to five locations along a single city block. Air pollution varies very finely in space, and we can’t capture that variation with other existing measurement techniques. Using our approach and analysis techniques, we can now visualize air pollution with incredible detail. This kind of information could transform our understanding of the sources and impacts of air pollution. —Joshua Apte The Aclima Ei platform provides data management, quality control, and visualization functions, facilitating extensive, routine measurements. The study used fast-response (1 Hz) laboratory-grade analyzers: a photo-acoustic extinctiometer for BC; chemiluminescence for NO; and cavity-attenuation phase-shift spectroscopy for NO2. The inlet system was designed to minimize self-sampling and particle sampling losses. The study’s approach was designed to be cost-effective and easily replicated. Driving more than 14,000 miles, the Google cars collected 3 million measurements of nitric oxide, nitrogen dioxide and black carbon pollutants in Oakland. The team developed a set of data reduction algorithms to convert the data set of ∼3 million instantaneous observations into estimates of median annual weekday concentrations for individual 30-m road segments. In many locations, the team’s Google cars measured air pollution levels that were several times higher than at Oakland’s official monitors. In their analysis, the researchers also identified many recurring hotspots where pollution on a single block was consistently much higher than elsewhere in a neighborhood. These pollution hotspots included the port, busy intersections, restaurants, warehouses, industrial plants and vehicle dealerships. What surprised us is that there are consistently locations that can be as much as six times more polluted on one end of the block than on the other. Among other things, this demonstrates that people are getting disproportionate exposures of unhealthy air at some locations. —Kyle Messier, a UT Austin postdoc and a co-author This project is the latest phase of a partnership between EDF and Google, who have been working together since 2012 to map and measure a growing list of health and environmental risks, including hidden leaks from local natural gas systems. In the future, Apte hopes this mobile air quality monitoring approach expands to other major cities to help formulate a hyper-local map of air pollution in the United States that could help people make more informed decisions. You could use this information when you’re picking a school for your kids. Is there a school with a playground that might have better air quality because your kid has asthma?” This hyper-local information about consistent air quality can be really useful for people, especially those who are vulnerable because of age or health condition. —Joshua S. Apte Funding for the study was provided by the Environmental Defense Fund. Resources Joshua S. Apte, Kyle P. Messier, Shahzad Gani, Michael Brauer, Thomas W. Kirchstetter, Melissa M. Lunden, Julian D. Marshall, Christopher J. Portier, Roel C.H. Vermeulen, and Steven P. Hamburg (2017) “High-Resolution Air Pollution Mapping with Google Street View Cars: Exploiting Big Data” Environmental Science & Technology doi: 10.1021/acs.est.7b00891 June 7, 2017 in Emissions, Environmental Justice, Health, Mapping | Permalink | Comments (0) Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been posted. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment This weblog only allows comments from registered users. To comment, please Sign In. You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. Entering text activates the Post and Preview buttons.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL This weblog only allows comments from registered TypeKey users. To comment, please enable JavaScript so you can sign into TypeKey. Green Car Congress © 2017 BioAge Group, LLC. All Rights Reserved. | Home | BioAge Group
Search for: Home Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Home LG 51 LG G3 Tips, Tricks & Hidden Features 51 LG G3 Tips, Tricks & Hidden Features By Josh Smith Posted on 08/03/2014 Use this list of LG G3 tips and tricks to get all the LG G3 help you need in using your new phone to the full potential. With the LG G3 tips below you’ll learn how to use the G3 without reading a boring manual or spending months poking through the settings. In addition there are a few LG G3 hidden features that LG doesn’t mention in the LG G3 manual, like using an Xbox controller, transferring photos from your DSLR or camera to view on the amazing screen and much more. Forget reading the LG G3 manual, and learn how to use the LG G3 with these tips and tricks that include video guides and demonstrations of how many of the LG G3 features work so that you can understand them. With a variety of hard to set up or confusing LG G3 features you need this guide to be your unofficial LG G3 manual. The 51 LG G3 tips and tricks cover everything we know about the phone and will help you become an expert on what your phone can do. Use these LG G3 tips, tricks and hidden features to replace your LG G3 manual.   For the most part these LG G3 tips and tricks are free, but you will need to spend money on a few of them, to buy a special USB cable, or a case to take full advantage of the LG G3 features. You don’t need to root the LG G3 to use any of these tips and tricks. These should work on all the LG G3 models, but some carriers may limit features or options. We used a Verizon LG G3 to discover and share these tips and tricks. Read: Best LG G3 Cases If you don’t see the LG G3 settings in the location this guide refers to you may need to switch to list view. Go to Settings and tap on the three dots in the upper right. Pick List view. From there you can scroll down through all the settings. Forget the 140 page LG G3 manual and read on to learn about what your LG G3 can do right out of the box. 51 LG G3 Tips, Tricks & Hidden Features Use these LG G3 tips and tricks to unlock the full potential of the G3 and do more with your phone. Our LG G3 hidden features show you special features that LG doesn’t mention in the LG G3 manual or advertise online. These LG G3 hidden features will help you do more with the G3 and get more for your money. LG G3 Easy Mode The LG G3 offers an easy mode that makes the G3 easier to use if it is your first smartphone. This puts a dialer front and center and links to common apps and activities as the home screen so you don’t ever need to look for the basic LG G3 features. This also makes the LG G3 text bigger all through the LG apps and system, so that it is easier to read the device. LG aims this option at older users that may want a simpler layout and easier to read fonts. Go to Settings-> Home Screen -> Select Home -> EasyHome. From here you can go the home screen and swipe to the side to add other shortcuts. Unlock with a Knock Code One of our favorite LG G3 tips is to use the knock code to keep your phone secure and to access the phone when you need to unlock it. instead of swiping or entering a passcode you tap or knock on the screen in a specific pattern to unlock the LG G3. This even works if the screen is off. Just pick up the LG G3 or take it out of your pocket and use your knock code to unlock right to the home screen without touching the power button. Go to Settings -> Lock screen -> Select screen lock -> Knock Code. Enter the Knock Code twice and then enter a backup PIN as well. After this is complete you can easily unlock the phone without turning the screen on first. If you have trouble using the LG G3 Knock Code when the screen is off knock firmly and make sure you are in the right areas of the screen. Take Full Resolution Photos By default the LG G3 camera only takes 10MP photos, but you can quickly change it to take full resolution photos that deliver more detail. This is a great idea if you plan to print your photos or want to show them off on a big screen after you edit and crop them. Open the camera app -> tap on the three dots in the corner then on the Settings cog -> Tap on the W10M and choose 13M instead. You’ll notice the photo no longer covers the full screen, but you are getting a better quality photo overall. This lets you use the full power of the LG G3 camera. You can also switch to UHD video quality if you want a higher resolution video to share online or watch on a new UHD TV. Use the LG G3 One-Handed The LG G3 features a large 5.5-inch display, that may be too big for some users to control with one hand. Although there is not a full screen shift option like on the Galaxy S5, LG does offer a LG G3 one-handed mode that lets users easily use the phone, lock screen and keyboard with one hand. Go to Settings -> One-handed operation -> Check the boxes for the one-hand modes you want to use. You can switch between right or left-hand use as you go. This option is not for everyone, but if you find the LG G3 to big it’s very handy. Better LG G3 Battery Life If you need to get better LG G3 battery life you can turn on Battery Saver. This built-in option limits syncing and other features to help the LG G3 battery last longer. Go to Settings -> Battery -> Batter Saver to turn it on. Tap on the Battery Saver on the left and you can access the various settings it controls. You can also turn it on and set it to automatically turn on at 50% to 10% battery left, or immediately if you need it now. If this is not enough you can also try the Snapdragon BatteryGuru app to get better LG G3 battery life. This free app optimizes usage based on how you use the G3 to help limit apps that you don’t need and make your battery last longer. Fast Access to Google Now If you want to open Google Now on the LG G3 you can swipe up from the home button and launch into the app immediately. If you are on the main LG G3 Home screen you can also say OK Google to start a Google search without first opening Google Now. There is no setup for this, just tap and swipe up on the LG G3 home button to get there. Change the LG G3 Buttons You can change the LG G3 buttons that appear at the bottom of the screen to add new options and to change the background color to fit your mood and theme. Go to Settings -> Display -> Home Touch Buttons -> and add new options. You can add Notifications, QuickMemo, Qslide and Dual Window. Read more on this LG G3 tip. You can also rearrange the icons, adding up to a total of five buttons instead of the normal three on other Android phones. Track Steps with the LG G3 The LG G3 uses a sensor to track your steps so that you don’t need to buy a fitness band or separate app to monitor your activity. You turn this on by swiping to the screen left of the main home screen. After you open the app you can start tracking your steps and exercise that the G3 automatically records as you carry it in your pocket.  Change LG G3 Vibration If the LG G3 vibrates too much or too little for phone calls, text messages or even using the home buttons you can change this for each of these settings individually. Go to Settings -> Sound -> Vibrate Strength -> Adjust the slider to change the vibration intensity for calls, notifications or touch. Take a LG G3 Screenshot If you want to take a screenshot on the LG G3 you can use the power and volume down button on the back of the G3, but there’s an easier way that also lets you annotate your screenshot. Tap on the home button and slide up and to the right to the QuickMemo+ option. This takes a screenshot and opens it up in an app that lets you type a note, draw on the screen and then save or share the result. Use the LG G3 as a Credit Card or Wallet You can install Google Wallet on the LG G3 and use the phone to make payments where NFC purchases are possible. this includes many gas stations, grocery stores, restaurants and even vending machines. You cannot use this at every store, but even in Ohio it is accepted in many places. Download Google Wallet, open the app and sign in. Follow the directions to add your debit or credit cards to the account and set Google Wallet as your default Tap & Pay Solution. If it is not already on you need to turn NFC on by going to Settings -> Share & connect -> NFC -> On. You can also go to Tap & pay settings and choose Google Wallet. LG G3 Camera Shortcut If you need to open the LG G3 camera fast so you don’t miss a perfect photo you can use a LG G3 camera shortcut key. Press and hold the volume down button to open the camera when the screen is off or when the lock screen is showing. You’ll feel a small vibration and then the camera app will open to the last mode you left it in and you can start taking photos. Open QuickMemo Fast If you use the included LG G3 app QuickMemo+ you can open it fast by tapping and holding on the volume up button. After a second the QuickMemo+ app will open so you can start taking a note. This works when the LG G3 is locked and works with the screen off or on the lock screen. Use the LG G3 as a Remote Control There is an IR blaster on the top of the LG G3 and a remote control app that lets you control your HDTV, cable box and other home theater equipment. Go to Apps -> Quick Remote -> Pick a room -> Tap on + -> Add a remote control. Repeat as needed for other remotes and rooms. The app cycles through codes based on the TV brand. This is an awesome way to make sure you are always in control of the TV. Super Charge the LG G3 Keyboard If you want to type faster and more accurately on the LG G3 you can customize the keyboard to better fit your needs and typing style. This video shows you how to super charge the LG G3 keyboard with a few small changes. In the LG G3 tips video above you’ll learn how to do the following; Resize the LG G3 keyboard Customize the keyboard buttons for pen or voice input Change the color of the LG G3 keyboard Turn on one-handed operation Split the LG G3 keyboard Get more auto corrections That’s all you need to type faster and more accurately on the LG G3 without installing a third-party keyboard. Use LG G3 Voice Assistant The LG G3 personal assistant Voice Mate is LG’s Siri or Google Now tool that lets users control the phone with their Voice. Tap and hold on the home button and then swipe up to the left to access Voice Mate. You can ask Voice Mate to make calls, check your calendar, look up contacts, search nearby, search the web or answer facts and much more. Tap on the I on the screen to see what all Voice mate can do. It’s not as easy to access as Siri on the iPhone, but it is a handy personal assistant. Clean Up Apps & Storage After you use the LG G3 for a few months you’ll end up with downloaded files you don’t need and apps you haven’t use for a month. The LG G3 includes a Smart Cleaning feature to clear these out and recover your space. Go to Settings -> Smart Cleaning -> Wait for the scan to complete -> tap on an item and then clean it out if you don’t want it. This is much nicer than looking for temporary downloads an unused apps when you run out of space. Answer a Call with Volume Buttons If you prefer to answer a phone call by touch, you can use the physical buttons on the back of the LG G3. Just reach behind and press the volume buttons at the same time to answer a call. To turn this on you need to turn the LG G3 off -> turn it on by holding the volume up, volume down and power buttons at the same time for six seconds. Then choose Mode ON. Reject a Call with the Power Button If you don’t want to talk to someone you can press the power button to reject the call. This will end the call and send the caller to voicemail. You need to go to Settings -> Phone -> Power Key end Call -> On to make this work. Add Storage to the LG G3 If you need more storage on the LG G3 you can add a MicroSD card inside the LG G3 to add a lot more room for photos and movies. You need to buy a MicroSD card, like one of these on Amazon. You can typically buy a 32GB card for under $20, doubling the LG G3 storage. When it arrives, remove the back of the phone, stick it in the open area above the battery opening and turn the phone back on to start using it. Use a Xbox Controller with the LG G3 If you want to play games on the LG G3 and really use that beautiful display you can connect an Xbox 360 controller to it to play games. You’ll need a wired Xbox 360 controller, a USB OTG cable and some of the many Android games that support controllers. Juts plug the USB OTG cable into the Micro USB port, plug the Xbox controller into the other end and you can start gaming without any other apps or hacks needed. Connect a USB Drive to the LG G3 If you need more storage and want to quickly grab something from a computer you can use the same $2 USB OTG cable to connect a USB thumb drive to your LG G3. Plug the cable in, connect any thumb drive and then go to the File Manager or download ES File Explorer, and you can now view files on the drive or copy and past to or from the USB drive. Connect a SD Card to the LG G3 from Your Camera If you want to connect a full size SD card to the LG G3 to show off your DLSR photos on a beautiful display or instantly share them on Facebook, you can use the same USB OTG cable and a USB to SD card adapter to make this work. Connect the USB OTG cable to the LG G3, the SD card adapter to that and then plug-in your SD card and check out your photos and videos on the amazing LG G3 display. Turn off the LG G3 LED If you don’t like the notification LED distracting you during the day or lighting up your bedroom at night you can turn it off in the settings. Go to Settings -> Disply -> Notification light -> Off. If you just want to limit why it is on you can tap on the left part of this option to see more settings and turn it off for certain events like calls, battery charging and more. Use Two Apps at Once on the LG G3 Just like the Galaxy S5, the LG G3 offers a multi-window mode that lets users run two apps on-screen at the same time. Dual Window mode on the LG G3 is easy to use, once you know where to look. the video above shows you how to use two apps at the same time on the LG G3. This guide offers more details on how to pick the apps and what you can do with the LG G3 multi-Window Mode. Customize LG G3 App Icons and Size You can change the LG G3 app icons to match a theme you are using or even your own photos. You can also make the icons bigger on the screen. Tap and hold on an icon until it is ready to move, then tap on the small paintbrush that shows up. You can then pick a new icon from the default ones or tap on the + new option to pick the size you want and then one of your photos to use as an icon. This is a cool way to customize the LG G3 home screen. LG G3 Home Screen Gestures When you are on the LG G3 home screen you can use gestures to see your entire home screen without apps, to see your pages and quickly navigate between them. To see the home screen without apps in the way, swipe out. The only thing this really does is let you look at your background photo without any clutter. This is handy if you keep a family photo as your wallpaper or something similar. If you swipe together you go back to the apps showing and again to see all of your pages to jump to another page of apps quickly. This is handier if you have a lot of home screens. Use & Customize LG G3 Quick Settings You can access many of the most important LG G3 settings in the notification window under the quick settings area. This is a single row of icons that users can scroll right to left on for access to more quick settings. You can scroll all the way to the right to customize this list. Uncheck the items you don’t use and re-order the LG G3 quick settings so the ones you need most are available as soon as you pull Notification Window down. Use the LG G3 as a Personal Hotspot If you need to connect your laptop, tablet or portable game system to the internet you can turn the LG G3 into a hotspot and connect other devices. You can use the mobile hotspot quick-setting or go to Settings -> More -> Mobile Hotspot -> Set Up. From here you can set the name and password for your hotspot. make sure you use a password or someone will likely use all your data. You can then turn it on from the previous screen, allowing other devices to see it. When you find the device connect from your tablet or laptop to0 get internet access just like you would any other WiFi spot. You’ll need a hotspot plan, so you may need to contact your carrier to add one. Type With Your Voice on the LG G3 If you want to type with your voice instead of using the LG G3 keyboard tips above, you can tap on the small microphone icon on the keyboard to use Google’s speech to text option. After you tap, just start talking and your speech will turn into text. You can say period or comma to add punctuation. You will likely need to go back and fix some issues on longer items, but this is more then good enough for texts and short emails. Use LG G3 Emoji Keyboard If you want to send emoji on the LG G3 you can use the built-in keyboard to use these colorful icons that do more than just a regular smilies. When the keyboard is up, tap the :)1# icon in the bottom left. Then tap the smile icon to access the LG G3 emoji keyboard. You can now pick the category you want to use and send them to friends. Do Not Disturb on LG G3 If you want to keep the LG G3 quiet while you are in a meeting or sleeping you can use LG’s version of Do Not Disturb. LG calls this Quiet mode. Go to Settings -> Sound -> Quiet mode -> On. You can also tap on the left side of this for options that let you customize what you are blocking, what time it is on, what sounds to allow and other options to block including the notification light. Keep Screen Awake When You’re Looking When you are looking at the LG G3 there is a Smart screen option to let you keep the display on as long as it can tell you are looking at it. This is handy for passing the phone to someone who wants to read something you found or who spends a long time looking at one photo. Go to Settings -> Display -> Smart screen -> on. When you are looking at the display directly it will now stay on. LG G3 Camera Tips & Tricks The LG G3 camera is very capable, but you need to change some settings right out of the box to get better looking photos and you’ll want to explore the options so you know how to use the LG G3 camera better. The LG G3 camera tips video below outlines some of our favorite LG G3 camera features. The video covers the following LG G3 camera tips and tricks; Change to 13MP Photos for higher quality Change to UHD for higher quality video Take a Photo with your Voice Panoramic Photo Selective Focus to change the focus after you take a picture for dramatic effect Dual Camera Mode Take Photos while shooting video Laser Focus and more. Check out these LG G3 camera options and learn how they all work before you go outside and need to use them to capture a Qslide to Multitask on the LG G3 If you don’t want to use two apps at the same time, sharing the screen you can float another app on top of any app you are using for fast access to information. This is called Qslide. The easiest way to use it is to pull down the notification drawer and tap on Qslide. This opens a menu that allows users to open the Video, Phone, Messaging, Calendar and Email apps and show them on top of another item. This is handy if you want to check your calendar while also looking at an event list or other items where you just need a quick comparison or access to something like the phone. Find a Lost LG G3 If you tend to leave your LG G3 behind after grabbing coffee, lose it in the couch too often or are just worried that someone might steal your LG G3 you need to make sure Android Device Manager is up and running. When I logged in to the Verizon LG G3 this feature was already on by default so I didn’t need to actually turn it on, but you should go online to make sure you can locate your LG G3 before you lose it. Go to Android Device Manager and log in with your Gmail account. Make sure you can see the LG G3 and try ringing it. If it rings you are good to go. You can now ring at full volume to find a lost LG G3 even if it is on silent, lock the device, erase it and locate it on a map. Announce Callers and texts By Name Many old flip phones could read the caller name and information out to you when it rang, and that is something the LG G3 can do as well. You can even set it up to read out text message recipients and the full text message if you don’t care who hears. To do this, go to Settings -> Sound ->Message/call voice notification -> turn it on. You can then tap on the left part of the option to choose what is read out. When you get a call the ringtone will play and then it will announce the caller name from your contacts. Change the Screen Off Animation If you don’t like the old-fashioned TV turning off animation that the LG G3 plays when you turn the screen off you can change it to two other options. Go to Settings -> Display -> Screen-off effect -> Pick a new one. You can hit preview to see the Black hole and Fade out animations before picking one. Change the Font and Size of Text If you need the LG G3 text to be bigger or you want a different font throughout the phone you can pick from five additional fonts and five other text sizes. Go to Settings -> Display -> Font type or Font Size -> Pick different options. Many of the Font styles are odd-looking on a phone, but if you want to add some character to your LG G3 here’s one way to do it. You can also push the text size way up if you have a tough time reading on a small screen. Customize the LG G3 Home Screen Customize the LG G3 home screen to suite your preferences and make the LG G3 easier for you to use. In addition to changing the wallpaper in the Settings -> Home Screen menu you can do much more. Screen Swipe Effect – change the animation when you switch screens. Allow Home screen looping – you can keep swiping to loop around to the other end of your home screens. Allow apps list looping – Loop through the apps list when you hit the end. Change these to fit your preference and enjoy a customized LG G3 home screen. Show Widgets on the LG G3 Lock Screen the LG G3 lock screen can show widgets with your calendar, messages and more if you want faster access to that information. These are like the widgets on your home screen, but there are not as many. Go to Settings -> Lock screen -> Widgets on lock screen -> On. Next go to your lock screen and swipe to see the left screen. You need to do this at the top of the display area, above the knock code area. Then tap on Add Widgets to start adding them to your LG G3 lock screen. Use Gestures on the LG G3 The LG G3 supports gestures to control a variety of activities. Here is how to run on Gesture Control on the LG G3 and a short list of what you can control. Go to Settings -> Gestures -> Check boxes of the motions you want to use. Answer a call Fade a ringtone Silence a call Snooze or stop alarm Pause Video You can flip the phone or pick it up to use these LG G3 gestures. If they don’t work at first, you may need to calibrate the motion sensor at the bottom of this section. LG G3 Guest Mode When you need to hand the LG G3 off to a colleague or to a kid you can turn Guest Mode on to limit access to certain apps and services. Go to Setting s-> Guest Mode -> On. You can also choose four apps they can use, a wallpaper and an alternate lock screen for the guest. Calls and alarms will still sound when in guest Mode, but some apps may not function correctly so keep that in mind before relying on it. LG G3 PC Suite You can download the free LG G3 PC Suite to backup and restore a LG G3 and much more. You’ll need to visit LG to download the LG G3 PC Suite. Once downloaded you can connect with a USB cable to perform the following activities. Manage and play your media contents (music, movie, pictures) on your PC. Send multimedia contents to your device. Synchronizes data (schedules, contacts, bookmarks) in your device and PC. Backup the applications in your device. Update the software in your device. Backup and restore the device. Play multimedia contents of your PC from other device LG only shows a Windows download right now, but the LG G3 manual talks about a Mac version that should be available on the US LG website. Turn on LG G3 Developer Mode If you want access to all of the LG G3 including the LG G3 hidden menus for developers you’ll need to enable developer mode. You don’t need to root the device to do this, but if you do plan to root or install other items you’ll want this on. Go to Settings -> About Phone -> Software information -> Tap on Build-number seven times to enable developer mode on the LG G3. Here’s more about the LG G3 developer options. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Share on Linkedin More In LG 20 LG G6 Tips & Tricks There are some LG G6 settings that everyone should change to make the phone better, easier… 05/03/2017 20 min read Best LG G6 Deals Now that the impressive LG G6 has been available a short while buyers are looking for the … 05/01/2017 9 min read LG G6 Review Don’t skip past the LG G6 when you go to buy a new phone just because you’ve b… 04/17/2017 20 min read Load More In LG 31 Comments 31 Comments Evu Eva 09/05/2014 at 11:27 am Why can’t we get nfl network without a cable provider? Here you Watch NFL video coverage on my devices for monthly subscription is a killer price for the awesome services. NFL Now app launches on Apple TV, iPhone & iPad with personalized video https://sportslivefeed.blogspot.com/2014/07/nfl-regular-season-2014-watch-nfl.html Reply Hein Htet Tun Oo 09/24/2014 at 7:02 am I already knew all of that features.But I don’t know how to test phone’s sensor just by pressing the keywords/numbers in dial pad.Samsung can do that.My friend’s s5 automatically shows the page where the sensors can be tested when he presses that numbers.I don’t remember surely.May be *#0#6 or something like that.But I can’t do that for my G3. Can someone tell me that codes to test the phone’s sensor. Reply Alan 07/25/2015 at 10:00 pm If you were more polite maybe you’d get a few answers Reply Brandy 10/12/2014 at 1:14 pm I use Verizon service and I want to set a different notification for each text message I get from different contacts. can it be done ? Reply Richard 10/14/2014 at 2:22 pm Hi there i have recently purchased the LgG3, and i was wondering if i can personalize one text notification to one person or has it got to be the same one for everyone. I know you can have personalized ring tones to one person. Reply Ken 10/20/2014 at 10:08 pm How can I capture a still shot and save it from a video I took on my LG G3? Reply Alan 07/25/2015 at 10:08 pm Play the video, pause the video, wait a second and the scroll bar etc will disappear leaving a clear freeze-frame. Then use the camera’s screen capture function by pressing the power and volume down buttons simultaneously for 2 seconds. Reply nolan 11/26/2014 at 9:56 am How do I download videos off the internet with LG G3. Reply mickey 12/22/2014 at 12:44 pm Good day, I hard reset my LG G3 without backing up my data.. And then my camera setting has only up to FHD. What will i do to have a UHD function. Reply bj 12/29/2014 at 5:39 pm I had a samsung s4. I was able to take pictures of business cards and load directly to my contacts. I can’t seem to do it with my lg g3. Please advise. Reply bj 12/29/2014 at 5:41 pm When sending pictures to Facebook or craigslist. Get message low memory cannot proceed. How to change. Please advisem. Reply SM 01/09/2015 at 11:48 am Since lollipop install swiping up from home only brings up google now no voicemate or quick memo, can you turn it off? Reply Sarah 01/12/2015 at 2:59 pm I’m having the same issue – have looked online and can’t find a solution :( Reply SM 01/14/2015 at 7:59 am Just got word back from LG UK support today, Google dropped the feature and there’s no getting around it. The feature has gone. Shame really cos taking a screenshot with the power sound down button is a faff Reply Shirley 01/24/2016 at 10:02 am To save a screenshot: Swipe down, then the quick memo button is on the top left. Press, then it ask where you want to save it to. Reply mike 04/03/2015 at 5:54 pm There is no demo about using the slow motion feature. I have an LG g3 and the slow motion feature doesn’t work not allow you to edit the video and make it slow motion. Reply fgjhv 05/01/2015 at 4:41 am You have to choose 120fps before recording. Reply Dan Winick 04/12/2015 at 8:12 am Can i change the default lock screen circle clock to read…12 Apr, instead of Apr 12? Reply Richard 05/23/2015 at 2:48 pm This phone is crazy cool. I just got it about five days ago and already I don’t know how we as a race have been able to survive efficiently without smartphones! Reply William 06/15/2015 at 8:09 am Why is the theme setting removed in lolipop. I have the sprint varint. Reply Alan 07/25/2015 at 10:11 pm I’d like to say what a great page of hints this is – the best I’ve seen, Thank you Josh Smith Reply Samantha 08/18/2015 at 9:11 am How do you text message a good quality video? The times I have done it the video quality is poor and not clear Reply Jimmy 01/02/2016 at 11:00 am Mine too. Its HORRIBLE quality! Reply Joyce 09/01/2015 at 10:22 pm I cant find “wodgets on lock screen” help Reply Atdhe Desku 01/28/2016 at 2:13 am how can i see the capacity of battery. for example if it is 3000 mah Reply godzboyy 04/24/2016 at 7:55 pm How do I clear the notifications off my lockscreen but still have them in the notification center? Reply Nicole Stoddard 05/31/2016 at 4:30 am I would like to have certain messages hidden for only me too see. Is that possible? Thank you. Reply Jeff 07/16/2016 at 4:46 am Can you record video outdoors at night on this phone? Reply Keith Abernathy 08/21/2016 at 2:35 pm Yes, you can record video at night. Go into the camera app, and tap the lightnig bolt at the top of te screen (rear facing camera mode only). This will activate flash photo taking, but it will also leave the flash LED lit contiually while shooting video. Make sure your battery is fully charged! Note: there is not indared “nightshot mode” just a LED light. Not nearly as detailed. Reply contact number directory 04/07/2017 at 8:58 am Tremendous things here. I’m very happy to see your article. Thanks so much and I am taking a look forward to touch you. Will you please drop me a mail? Reply Conversion Funnels 06/07/2017 at 3:40 am Excellent goods from you, man. I’ve understand your stuff previous to and you’re just extremely great. I actually like what you’ve acquired here, really like what you’re stating and the way in which you say it. You make it enjoyable and you still take care of to keep it sensible. I can not wait to read far more from you. This is actually a tremendous web site. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Follow GottaBeMobile 10 Best Third Person Shooter Games for Android Best Call of Duty WWII Deals 8 Best Galaxy S8 Screen Protectors Mevo Camera Review: Stream Live to Facebook or YouTube Like a Pro InvisibleShield Glass Curve Review: Galaxy S8 Screen Protector Moshi Apple Watch Travel Stand Review © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved, SXL Media, Inc.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Rare 'Google Founders Collection' Comes to the Computer History Museum Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} June 07, 2017 6:00am   Comments Share: Mountain View, CA, June 07, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Computer History Museum (CHM), the world's leading institution exploring the history of technology and its ongoing impact on society, today announced a collection of materials telling the story of Google's founding and early growth. The collection, which will be known as the "Google Founders Collection," is a cornerstone project of the Museum's Exponential Center, which was launched in 2016 to explore the people, companies and communities that are transforming the human experience through technology innovation, economic value creation and social impact. Crayon Graph. Part of the Google Founders Collection at the Computer History Museum. The Google Founders Collection contains artifacts, documents, photographs and video from the first 10 years of Google's development. Part of the archive is composed of items gathered from the personal collections of some of the earliest Google team members. The initial collection was assembled within Google by VP of Product Management Richard Holden under the leadership of Susan Wojcicki, now CEO of YouTube, who housed Google's early-stage operation – led by co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin  – in her home in Menlo Park, CA. Wojcicki later served as a senior vice president of Google, before moving to YouTube. Marc Weber, curatorial director of CHM's Internet History Program, worked as web historian on the project with Wojcicki and Google. The collection reflects pivotal moments in Google's entrepreneurial history. The collection includes a May 1998 receipt from the Empire Tap Room in Palo Alto, CA, where famed angel investor Ron Conway learned about Google for the first time and inscribed on the receipt "this is going to be huge!" Other notable items include Google's very first business plan, along with the Crayon Graph, drawn by some of the company's first engineers to track query growth, and a large collection of digital artifacts. "Google is an entrepreneurial success story of epic proportions and worldwide impact, an impact that is just beginning," said John C. Hollar, the Museum's president and chief executive officer. "We are delighted to be collaborating with Google to protect and preserve this pivotal part of Silicon Valley history, and grateful to Susan Wojcicki for demonstrating that a culture of preservation within these historic companies can be as important to future generations as a culture of innovation." "Google embodies the spirit of entrepreneurship and innovation that the Exponential Center is documenting, interpreting and sharing with people around the world," said Marguerite Gong Hancock, executive director of the Exponential Center. "This collection will support the production of many rich lessons of risk-taking, innovation and bold ideas that will both tell the early Google story and inspire future entrepreneurs." "The Computer History Museum's impressive collections and archiving expertise made the Museum a natural choice to preserve the Google Founders Collection," said Susan Wojcicki, CEO of YouTube. "We look forward to collaborating with CHM as the collection expands." The collections and archiving teams of CHM will lead the work of cataloging and archiving the collection, a project that is expected to take a number of years. Working with Google, the Museum will also be accepting future acquisitions that are relevant to the startup decade covered by the collection.  While the Museum's Exponential Center may develop future programs based on the collection, the collection will not currently be accessible by the public. About the Exponential Center The Exponential Center at the Computer History Museum is capturing the legacy—and advancing the future—of entrepreneurship and innovation in Silicon Valley and around the world. The center explores the people, companies, and communities that are transforming the human experience through technology innovation, economic value creation, and social impact. The center's work focuses on five integrated initiatives: collections and exhibitions, research and insights, education, events, and thought leadership. For more information visit computerhistory.org/exponential. About the Computer History Museum The Computer History Museum in Mountain View, California, is a nonprofit organization with a four-decade history as the world's leading institution exploring the history of computing and its ongoing impact on society. The Museum is dedicated to the preservation and celebration of computer history and is home to the largest international collection of computing artifacts in the world, encompassing computer hardware, software, documentation, ephemera, photographs, and moving images. The Museum brings computer history to life through large-scale exhibits, an acclaimed speaker series, a dynamic website, docent-led tours, and an award-winning education program. The Museum's signature exhibition is "Revolution: The First 2000 Years of Computing," described by USA Today as "the Valley's answer to the Smithsonian." "Make Software: Change the World," opened in 2017, illustrates the impact of software on the world through the stories of seven iconic and widely used applications. Other current exhibits include the "Where To? A History of Autonomous Vehicles," "Thinking Big: Ada, Countess of Lovelace," "The Trillion-Dollar Startup," and demonstration labs featuring fully restored and working models of the DEC PDP-1 and the IBM 1401 systems. For more information and updates, visit computerhistory.org Attachments: A photo accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/c5152d97-468a-4479-a676-f287d52c7109 Carina Sweet
Computer History Museum 
(650) 810-1059
csweet@computerhistory.org
 View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 AMD, AAPL: AMD's Ryzen Chips Facing Some Problems 2 WINS: Wins Finance Up 100%: Is This A Normal Move? 3 MIK, WETF: 22 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 4 KMDA, DRWI: 22 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market... 5 RRC, VALE: Jim Cramer Gives His Opinion On Chesape... 6 AAPL, AMD: Advanced Micro Devices Continu... 7 GOOGL, GOOG: Even If Apple'... 1 SPLS, AGN: Wall Street's M&A Chatter From June 7: Banco Santander, Staple... 2 KSU, FDX: AMD, FedEx, First Solar, Kansas City Southern: Fast Money Picks... 3 MRO: Mike Khouw Sees Unusual Options Activity In Marathon Oil 4 TLRD, SJM: 7 Stocks To Watch For June 8, 2017 5 Economic Data Scheduled For Thursday 6 VNCE, LMNR: Earnings Scheduled For June 8, 2017 7 TRIP, CTSH: Watch These Huge Put Purchases... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 239 Plus 1 on G+ 1179 Share on Facebook 437 Share on Twitter Total Shares1418 Applications News Earlier today, Netflix started showing up as 'incompatible' on the Play Store for rooted and unlocked Android devices. However, the app itself continued to work fine, leading some (including myself) to think it could have been an accident. However, Netflix has now confirmed to us that blocking modified devices from downloading the app was intentional. This is the full statement: With our latest 5.0 release, we now fully rely on the Widevine DRM provided by Google; therefore, many devices that are not Google-certified or have been altered will no longer work with our latest app and those users will no longer see the Netflix app in the Play Store. If you're not familiar with it, Widevine is a Google-made DRM technology that works across various desktop and mobile platforms. Widevine categorizes devices into three security levels, ranging from all processes running in the Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) to not running anything in TEE at all. However, the Play Store listing seems tied to a device's SafetyNet status (which is used by Android Pay), rather than the Widevine TEE. For example, Artem's bootloader-unlocked stock Pixel is still on Widevine Level 1, the most secure level, but fails SafetyNet because it is unlocked. The update's changelog also confirms that: "Version 5.0 only works with devices that are certified by Google and meet all Android requirements." What isn't exactly clear is why only the Play Store listing is blocked, but the app itself continued to function normally. I tried both Netflix 4.16 and 5.0.4 (the latest version, from today), and both worked without problems on my unlocked and rooted Galaxy Tab S (which is labeled as Widevine Security Level 3). Maybe at some point the app will stop working, but that does not appear to be the case right now. If you have a blocked device, I recommend following the Pushbullet channel for Netflix on APKMirror (click the Pushbullet button on that page) so you can continue to receive updates outside the Play Store. Tags block DRM netflix widevine subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Benson-approved 9ft USB-C AmazonBasics cables are $7.99 (20% off), 6ft 15% off ... Next Story LG has pulled the T-Mobile G6 'Buy one, get one' promotion Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Sergio Carmona But why???? First the vpn's now this... why oh why??? Jimk4003 Surely because licensing is regionally specific, and because rooting has the potential to defeat DRM. I get that it might be annoying for some people, but aren't the reasons obvious? David Juarez But root?? Lol Semianonymous Probably an effort to reduce Region spoofing? Idk how easy that is to do on a stock device. Jimk4003 Because rooting has the potential to defeat DRM. mjh49783ab DRM doesn't work. All DRM does is inconvenience the end user. Jimk4003 Possibly. But Netflix have to negotiate licencing deals with the movie studios, and having DRM helps reassure the studios that the movies they have spent millions of dollars making aren't going to get stolen off Netflix without any attempt to stop it. mjh49783ab One could make the argument that rooting the phone may compromise the DRM. But blocking users from unlocking their phones to switch carriers? That is total bullshit, and is just the sort of thing that encourages users to pirate the content. Jimk4003 Netflix are blocking you from switching carriers? lomsha Sim unlocked phones are fine, unlocked bootloaders are blocked. mjh49783ab They didn't exactly make that clear in the article when I last read it. h4rr4r The studios need to reconsider blu rays then. Way easier to rip. Nothing they do will stop piracy. This kind of thing actually encourages it. Jimk4003 Maybe studios do need to consider Blu-ray's. That isn't Netflix's problem though. h4rr4r No Netflix problem is making sure they don't let the studios reduce the value of their product. If Amazon video works on my devices and Netflix does not that is a big deal to me. In that case I might as well sign up for more addon channels on Amazon with the mkney that currently goes to Netflix. Jimk4003 Agreed. But the studios are responsible for making the product they redistribute. It's certainly a balancing act, and I can see both sides of the argument, but Netflix isn't an inalienable right, and those who don't meet the T&C's are going to miss out. h4rr4r Sure, but the studios and Netflix are going to create pirates with these kind of actions. People aren't going to miss out. They will just pirate what they can't get legally. Jimk4003 Sure, but again, it's a tiny fraction of users. If Netflix can negotiate better terms with studios by blocking rooted devices, and thus improve their business overall at the expense of a few fringe users, it stands to reason that is what Netflix will do. Doby Gillis whaa fucking whaa. Sergio Carmona The only obvious thing here is your sarcasm detector not working properly. Go have it fixed please. Jimk4003 Nah, I'm good. h4rr4r So the reason are to make the product worse for the consumer. Great idea, now piracy looks better and better. Jimk4003 What percentage of phones are rooted though? Most people won't care, or even notice the change. h4rr4r It does not matter, if it drives even one person to piracy that is a loss. Jimk4003 But if they can ensure better licensing deals via these new terms, which will attract more customers at the expense of a few rooted users who make up a tiny fraction of overall users; will Netflix care about that loss? h4rr4r But if it encourages piracy the other side of the contract should want to avoid it. Gaining customers in the short term like this hurts the whole market in the long term. Cyber_Akuma Because yeah, people are going to rip movies from Netflix and not off a Blu-Ray.... and even IF they were to attempt to rip them off Netflix, they would use a PHONE and not a PC.... Jimk4003 Ripping Blu-rays isn't Netflix's problem, and Netflix don't need to try and guess what device someone would try and commit piracy with, when the technology exists to restrict them all. Cyber_Akuma You are missing the point, people aren't going to be ripping from Netflix over ripping from a Blu-Ray, and on top of that, they sure as hell aren't going to be ripping off a phone. And actually, you are wrong, the technology to "resist them all" does NOT actually exist. There is no one technology that "restricts them all" but several different technologies for different platforms with various levels of viability and success. Jimk4003 I said 'the technology exists'. When did I say it was a single piece of technology? Let's not be those guys who get in a pedantic argument about semantics on the internet. Regarding the issue under discussion; Netflix's job is to make their platform as robust as possible against piracy, using whatever technology is available to them. Blu-Ray simply isn't their problem. Cyber_Akuma Because just arguing "technology exists" is worthless, plenty of technology exists, and plenty of it is misused. Technically the technology to remotely brick your phone exists too, doesn't mean it's fine to use just because it "exists". And no, their platform already is robust, you are trying to ignore the fact that people ripping movies off a phone is a complete and total non-issue just to try to argue for Netflix's sake, this is ESPECIALLY considering the fact that it harms far more legitimate people than it helps. Sorry, but no, just a plain and completely undesputable NO. You can't argue that it's ok to use something that will hurt a large majority of people just to potentially possibly stop an extreme minority of people who would not even use this method anyway. That's like arguing it's ok to burn down a house to kill a spider. Jimk4003 "You can't argue that it's ok to use something that will hurt a large majority of people". We're talking about Netflix blocking rooted users; in what reality do they constitute the 'large majority' of Android users? Cyber_Akuma I meant the majority of the rooted users. Last time I checked, over 25% of people with an Android device had root access, which is several million users. And OF those several million rooted users, how many do you think actually use their rooted phone and Netflix app to pirate content? Less than 1% Hell, less than 0.1%? They are hurting over 99% of rooted Android users, which while not the majority of Android users is still a lot, to attempt to stop (and not even that effectively as there have been work-around for SafetyNet checks for nearly a year now) an extreme minority OF a minority from doing something they are unlikely to do due to other methods anyway. Richard Markert >I meant the majority of the rooted users. Even the majority of rooted users is a drop in the ocean when it comes to Android users worldwide. Cyber_Akuma Again, over 25%. You also completely missed the point of the argument in that this hurts nearly all rooted users that would not use this maliciously. Lord Argyris Looks like I'll have to start updating manually then. Or just not bother with the app at all since I rarely use Netflix on my phone as it is. SpasilliumNexus Thank goodness the 3T's Open Beta of OxygenOS is good enough for me to not unlock my device and stick with complete stock. Now I wonder why I haven't received any Netflix app updates beyond 4.16.1 build 15145 on the Play Store, when APKMirror has 4 newer versions. ast00 They asked for it. Now pirate their content knowing that you tried doing it the legal way, but THEY declined. Φώτης Because unlocking your Android powered device is such a "bad" thing to do. Whatever Netflix. Ailín Ó’S Ναι, ακριβώς... 😑 C64 How about some English Rob Google translate says that "Ναι, ακριβώς" translates to "Yes, exactly". pcriz How about some Google translate :-/ C64 This is an English website, so you have to talk English. I'm Dutch, so i talk (or try to talk) English too. It hasn't to be perfect, but it would be bs if I talked Dutch over here. 'Want 90 procent van de mensen hier spreken geen Nederlands' Or do you like to use translate with everything freaking post Φώτης Chill. It was literally just two words. Not that big of a deal, don't you think? AnubArack Is it that hard to write 2 words in another language then? Kevin Strident Yo no se. You try it. Φώτης Of course not. Actually this is exactly what happened :p AnubArack You and @kevinstrident:disqus are sooooo funny. Less contextually aware than a virtual assistant. d0x360 Yes exactly lol Patrick Ahles *spreekt ;) DavidEssex Yes. I have for years. Twatberry XwaitXwhatX This is an English website Which caters to android users all across the globe pcriz Show me what rule he is breaking. Please quote it for me. Otherwise have as much right to ignore him as he does to speak whatever language he wants. Geezz what a buncha cry babies xyz He is breaking the most important rule of the internet which is faasusu polo asini. pcriz I could try and translate that and feed a troll. Or I can go on living my life. I may choose the latter. C'est la vie, damn how easy (adult) was that ? d0x360 You can talk in whatever language you want. You won't get many people paying any attention to anything you say but who cares? Also...use Google to translate it. It's that button at the very bottom. Yes, exactly xyz Du-te dracului Rebel without a Clue Want 90 procent van de mensen hier spreekt ;) C64 Sorry i was stoned 🤣 Rebel without a Clue Hahaha ok dan mag het Keletor Thank you much! You are awesome, and I totally respect you for that statement and the use of the Commodore insignia. AntiCoyote Not really fair, every single Dutch person I know speaks English as well as an American :o) C64 I'm sorry that we Dutch learn English at school :p davidus The real reason behind this is that there arent many ppl to talk to in first place, if u only speak dutch. Trust me, i m from a neighbour country ;) Me Or some Bixby xyz I don't think Google can translate dipshit. Seems to be a rarely spoken language. pcriz Um okay, whatever that means. DavidEssex How about not being ignorant. xyz Ignorant? No one speaks every language in the world, dipshit. Өөрийгөө Зөндөө Go ArclightX flüggåәnkб€čhiœßølįên There! Now put that in your pipe and smoke it! C64 Don't quit your day job Narg While I prefer English, I have to say that web browsers today make it dirt simple to translate anything, why get all worked up about this? Not using the tools at hand just show ignorance and lethargy. nasznjoka umetisha mzazi asianrage Is it being Unlocked that is not allowed, or Unlocked and Rooted as well? Corbin Davenport Both. Artem can't install it on his unlocked Google Pixel XL. h4rr4r Huh? He can install it, just not from the play store. Apk mirror, soon back answer. Corbin Davenport Yes, that's what I meant. It doesn't appear on the Play Store for him. asianrage That's so shitty. lomsha Idiotic. Andreaeritzman Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sf93c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sf93c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs383TopNovaGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sf93c:....,..... _jack_ I will send them feedback about this. Andy Roid https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a9bc6f4e2413533bdd6ebb2b10ebd06b24f002e6bfab3d18b3274418de511270.jpg Elsiedamado Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sg85c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sg85c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs385DirectResourcesGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sg85c:....,...... EowynCarter Yeah me too. And unless they change this, bye netflix account. No point in something I can't use anymore. Demoncat The funny part about video DRM is it's easily defeated. It's more convenient to steal the videos than to deal with the DRM restrictions. Fedup Exactly. Between VPN'ed torrents and nzbs, my Sonarr downloads all TV shows (netflix, HBO, ABC/CBS/NBC/FOX) automatically within minutes of them being ripped and posted by others. It is 100% automated, and with my Plex server running, I can watch shows anywhere - cost = $0.00. I don't do this to save money. I do it for the convenience, lack of ads, and freedom of time/place shifting. Heck, some shows actually download BEFORE they air on network TV (i.e. Designated Survivor). Yan Minari You better tell us more about how you set up this. stan dex 97 new dark web premium links . also included are netfix lifetime membership links as well as graphic Live chat links (use anonymously) https://satoshibox.com/axbr7vnm6ifzk8hwtcreoe28/buy d0x360 I cancelled​ my account, sent them feedback and then just asked a friend who I let use HBO go and a Chromecast ultra if I could use their Netflix. David Gabel That seems rather dumb. Why cancel your service to them yet still use it via someone else? You're not teaching them anything. For an example, let's say you have a MacBook, and Apple does something to piss you off. You sell your MacBook, but then borrow a friend's MacBook. Nothing was actually accomplished. d0x360 Nothing was accomplished? I cancelled my account and let them know why. Now they aren't making money off me but I still to use their service. Your analogy is deeply flawed...deeply. So deeply I don't think you understand exactly what an analogy is. David Gabel So, you're "not giving them money" yet you still support them by using their product. It still seems like your logic is flawed. If you're really that pissed at Netflix, don't use it. Period. Use a different service instead of supporting them by borrowing it off a friend, as they are also giving them money (and support) , too via their subscription. revbones How is using their service for free "supporting" them? They aren't getting any revenue off you if you're not paying them. Saying you're supporting them by not paying them is a little stupid don't you think? xyz lol. So by your "logic" a person who pirates House of Cards is also supporting Netflix ? BobButtons You're doing the opposite of supporting. You're getting the benefits of their service while stopping payment and adding to server load which they pay for. David Gabel So far, your stance is the only one that makes sense. The rest so far are noise Sir Doogie Houser M.D.Esq. 200 You seen like an incredulous douch who I'd suplex onto a park bench for being a lap dog bitch.How is canceling or stealing not doing something.Also,its not a fucking macbook jerkoff its a paid service for TV on a phone they expect to be paid for.BTFO David Gabel And you are a loud mouth keyboard warrior that loves to talk a big game, but in reality have little to no control over anything and use web forums to spout obscenities and violent threats to make yourself feel better. DJMix How is it only bobbuttons' comment that made sense? They all basically say the same thing. nagi Just another step that makes pirating the same content more convenient... we should really be going the other way if they ever want piracy to be reduced. lomsha Funny thing is their content is available to stream all over the internet. Don't see how this move fights piracy as long as computers have access. This just alienates legit users who are doing nothing nefarious on unlocked/rooted devices. Richard Branches By one everybody pays... Pathum Addarapathirana Dude I root my phone to just get iPhone emojis and to tether without my carrier knowing. Like I'm not stealing anything this will just make me stop paying for Netflix. Latheryin Just a heads up. Those treating hiding mods are fake. There is no way to hide if from the carrier. Heck if they wanted to they could see every web page you load from a ton of different places and ways. Yan Minari That’s why god invented VPN Latheryin Yes but even then it doesn't block everything. qqqqqq My provider absolutely blocks tethering - I've been using various methods, including VPNs, to block it for literally YEARS... Hasn't been difficult. Dylan Harris That's not true. All you have to due to bypass tethering limits on t-mobile is to change the TTL on the tethered device. Latheryin That just gets by the automated checks. Get a live person to randomly pick your account (not really likely but happens) and it is not had to tell if someone is tethering. Dmitri Smirnov All that person will be able to tell is whether customer is using a lot of data or not. And this is the root of the problem: be honest that you are limited traffic, instead of trying to play this game of "we'll pretent we are giving you unlimited data and in return you'll only use small-format mobile device, so that we'll hope that you won't be able to use as much of it". Kind of "all you can eat, but you have to only use a tea cup and one chopstick". Latheryin No the issue is people being entitled and taking advantage of things. You have people running their gaming systems and using hundreds of gb a month. Not only is that kinda dumb but it violate the fair use act in most cell TOS. If people didn't abuse the system then it wouldn't be an issue. Also just some food for thought. If they can't tell anything more then a lot of data just how do they route the traffic properly? Make no mistake. If the carrier wanted to they could tell. I know for a fact that there is a team for both att and Verizon that is tasked with just that. Dmitri Smirnov >No the issue is people being entitled and taking advantage of things. You have people running their gaming systems and using hundreds of gb a month. "taking advantage" I thought that people were in their right by using what they paid for. Allright, tell me this - is it allright for me to watch 4K video on my phone (since the screens allow it now)? What's the difference between this and me watching the same stream on my laptop over my phone's connection? What if I just redirect the video stream to my TV using WiDi or any other technology? How is browsing a site from a laptop different from browsing it from a phone network-congestion-wise? And then it boils down to the same argument - carriers are just hoping you'll use the network less from you phone device, as it's less convenient. The more convenient smartphones become for consuming large volumes of traffic, the sooner carriers will have to more away from this scan and expose the actual numbers. > If people didn't abuse the system then it wouldn't be an issue. If carriers would be honest and upfront about "hidden" caps, then people would not be able to game the system. > Also just some food for thought. If they can't tell anything more then a lot of data just how do they route the traffic properly? Make no mistake. If the carrier wanted to they could tell. Latheryin Tethering was never even an extra charge until people started taking advantage of the mobile networks. Watching 4k videos is not a big deal, using 200gb of mobile data in a cycle is flat out stupid. Mobile networks were not designed for that type of traffic from a single device. Nor was it made to handle running your ps4 while you are gaming. Why do you think that pages are made to be mobile friendly? Not only is it a usability issue but a data usage issue as well. It's not hidden. All people have to do is read the TOS. It's all right there. Yet most people just don't want to take the time to do it and then get made about it. Can't blame the carriers for that. Dmitri Smirnov > Watching 4k videos is not a big deal, using 200gb of mobile data in a cycle is flat out stupid. a) I'm glad we're finally on the same page that the real problem for networks is data usage and not tethering or no tethering. b) You are aware that you're contradicting yourself in the same sensense? 4K 60Fps video bitrate is ~20-40 MiB/s which gives an average movie the size of about 72GiB. so by your definition watching a movie in good quality is OK as long as you don't watch more than 3 of them in a month. c) how is using mobile data that you paid for - stupid? If there are caps - announce them and make it impossible to go over them instead of shaming people who actually decide to take you up on your offer. d) tethering has not been an extra charge until telcos understood that they could charge extra for it (just like them toying with idea of charging extra for Instant Messenger traffic, because it undercuts their SMS plans). > It's not hidden. All people have to do is read the TOS. It's all right there. Yet most people just don't want to take the time to do it and then get made about it. Can't blame the carriers for that. Well, carriers are the ones calling their plans "unlimited" and hiding the actual caps either buried deep in the ToS or behind the vague "reasonable usage". So don't blame people for not wanting to wade through pages of legalspeak just to learn that you lied and "unlmited" is just "50Gb and then throttled". Fedup Agreed. The problem is the AMOUNT of data consumed by a given user account - no how it is consumed. If carriers are concerned about individuals abusing their network, then they need to flag those accounts that use an excessive amount of bandwidth - whether it's through tethering or directly on the device itself. I could easily burn through 150GB/mo on my TMO Note 4 w/o tethering simply by leaving my Blue Iris app connected and streaming 24/7. So it's actually very easy to abuse the system without ever turning on the tethering. Ravonus Damitri this guy is a nut ha... I agree with you 100% bro. Ravonus um yes you can fake it... Sure you can't block the traffic... but you sure can make it seem like the traffic is coming from your phone and not being used to tether.. Which is what these apps do.. SMH lol Latheryin If that is what you wish to believe. OK. Android Developer Is the tether solution needed even if you do it using USB ? Fulbring What a stupid move. I pay for the premium for Netflix and I never thought that I might have to cancel my service just because they did this. The only reason why I have root is because of AdAway and TitaniumBackup. I still use the stock OnePlus 3T ROM. Wasn't expecting this at all.... Kinda suck. Will be interesting to see how many customers they lose. Julian Berger Not enough to change it back... 4Ui812 DRM has no place in our lives. I suspect Netflix will have a change of heart within 6 months. Branko Xiaomi phones say bye bye to Netflix. Google go fuck yourselves. Steve_Jobroni Go fucking buy a windows phone. 天地人 Seriously though Windows phones are great. The only problem with them is the lack of applications. Otherwise, it runs great on low-end hardware, has a great UI, the homescreen is innovative, synchronisation with Windows PCs is cool, etc. dukaki Don't forget that you can use the Netflix website on Edge instead of their shitty app, and it streams at full 1080p, even on my L650 with a 720p screen. 天地人 Wait the Netflix application hasn't an option to stream at FHD? dukaki Nope, just 480p like on android. The device has to be "certified" and there are no certified windows phones afaik. The WP app doesn't even have downloads yet, I think. Edit: Just checked, no option to download here but you can on the desktop app. EowynCarter Might end with a visit at the apple store in my case. Windows phone is kind of not supported anymore. Jimk4003 This is Netflix, not Google. Cyber_Akuma Google invented this SafetyNet crap, let anyone use it for any reason (Hell, Pokemon GO of all things started using it), and over the last year have been making it even more and more strict and unforgiving. So no, a HUGE part of the blame does lie on Google for being openly hostile towards rooted users and not giving a damn about them. Jimk4003 There are legitimate reasons to use Safetynet to check the integrity of a device: Android Pay (or banking apps in general) is one example. It isn't necessarily hostility to root users; it's just a reality that Google need to be able to demonstrate to banks or other third parties that their OS is secure, and that people can't bypass built in security safeguards. Netflix need to do the same with the studios they redistribute content for; and they've chosen to use Safetynet to do it. Netflix isn't a human right; you have no inalienable right to root your phone and to use Netflix. Cyber_Akuma Except that not even my own banking app uses SafetyNet, it still has root checking and certain sensitive features are disabled if I am rooted, but not the entire app. Furthermore, it IS hostility to rooted users, because anyone can toss SafetyNet into their app for any reason whatsoever (such as games using it "just because" in case of cheaters... which doesn't even help at all to stop them). Google has been completely unwilling to work out ANY sort of compromise or method that can keep a phone secure without basically tossing rooted users under the bus. Jimk4003 What sort of compromise do you envision? Cyber_Akuma I am saying that they didn't even try. PCs by default obviously allow admin accounts all the time, even as the main user account (as much as that is not recommended) yet can maintain security. Google when they were confronted with people who were hurt by SafetyNet, legitimate users mind you, basically just shrugged them off and didn't even bother considering what could be done to allow the device to remain secure while also having such safeties in place. I mean, all these apps that you can use on your phone, can also be used on a PC, many of them available in either a browser or native app format, yet it remains secure. There is no reason this could not be done with Android, especially considering it used Linux as a base, they are just refusing to even consider it. Jimk4003 Don't you already have that choice? Your phone is sold without root access (i.e. no admin rights), and you can then choose whether or not to root your device and gain elevated privileges. If you do choose to root your device, you will lose access to some Safetynet enabled applications. You can, of course, unroot if necessary. Cyber_Akuma First of all, not all phones are. Especially in non-US countries. Second, it shouldn't have to be a choice. How many PC apps refuse to run under an admin account? Practically none. I shouldn't have to choose between having root access or being able to use a apps that more and more are starting to add this nonsense to them. Third, it's not even just root, even having an unlocked BOOTLOADER now, even if your rom is 100% stock and unrooted, can trip SafetyNet, it didn't used to be that strict. It's ridiculous to claim one should be able to have one or the other, even SafetyNet could have been designed to not be this brokenly strict, but Google had no interest in doing so, and they are rapidly making having root more and more useless while we still have to deal with all the junk they force on your phone from the manufacturer... that you can only remove with root. Jimk4003 Well, it is what it is. You believe you shouldn't have to make a choice, whereas I believe life is all about making choices and living with the outcomes. We seldom get everything we want, and neither Netflix, nor rooting, are inalienable rights. Whether or not you think it should be a choice, it is one; choose what you feel is best for you. Cyber_Akuma That's not even an argument, that's just trying to claim that the status quo should remain for no reason other than it is the status quo. It shouldn't have to be a choice, and arguing that people have to choose between root and having an increasingly less amount of apps just because "it is what it is" is insanity. In fact, it wasn't even the status quo before until Google started pulling this nonsense with SafetyNet a short while ago. That doesn't mean people should just accept it. Jimk4003 It's not an argument, because there is no argument to be had. The reality of the situation is self-evident; you can't have a rooted device and install Netflix via Google Play. Accepting the status quo has nothing to do with it; it's simply acknowledging reality. You have to choose what's more important to you; Netflix or rooting your phone. Finding the reality frustrating, as you clearly do, won't make it any less real. If this was a serious discussion on human rights; censorship, migration, justice, gender equality etc., then it's important in a democracy to be aware of your rights and responsibilities, and challenge the status quo where necessary. But this isn't anything like that. This is two for-profit corporations, Google and Netflix, who provide services to which you have no fundamental right to access, nor any obligation to use. You can choose to pay for their services and accept their terms and conditions, or you can choose not to. You don't get to pick the terms and conditions of the service someone else is providing you; however you are free to not use the service if you don't like the terms and conditions under which they are provided. That's it; it's no simpler or more complicated than that. Ranting on the internet about how unfair you perceive it to be is irrelevant. Again, it is what it is. Cyber_Akuma Again, there is no "it is what it is" argument. There should be no choice, PERIOD. You are basically saying that people should not complain about this just because "it is what it is". No, it is NOT what it is, it should NOT BE what it is, and people can and WILL complain that it SHOULD NOT be what it is. You aren't even making any rational arguments anymore, just re-stating what the current situation is and then basically claiming that people should not want or expect better. Jimk4003 You can want or expect better if you like. Netflix, like every other for-profit enterprise in a capitalist system, will either succeed or fail based on its ability to turn a profit. Right now, Netflix is turning a profit, and clearly thinks it can be more profitable by excluding rooted users whose theoretical ability to circumvent DRM restrictions may impact its ability to secure rights to new content. Clearly you disagree with their stance, and the only way to see for sure if your disagreement is warranted is to watch their financial performance from here on out. None of the above changes the fact that you aren't entitled to Netflix. You've chosen to root your phone, and Netflix have recently chosen to exclude rooted users. That leaves you with a choice to make. Even if you think that choice is unfair, even if you think you should be able to have both. The reality is you can't have both, and you will have to choose. Again, Netflix isn't a right. Go elsewhere if you disagree with their business practices; that's how capitalism works. Beyond that, you're just having a spat with reality; and that's a tough fight to win ;) Cyber_Akuma Actually, what do you think would lose them more profits, the theoretical minority OF a minority that MIGHT rip movies on their phones (which still requires a Netflix account in the first place) or blocking that 25% minority? Also, drop this "right" nonsense. No, seriously, drop it right now. People are paying for a Netflix account, they DO have a right to get the service they paid for. Netflix made zero warning or mention of this impending block, they pulled it out of nowhere for paying customers. So sorry, but they DO have a right to the service, since they are paying for it. Sony was found to be legally in the wrong when they removed the OtherOS feature from the PS3, because why? Because people PAID for the console when it had that feature, they DID have a right to what they paid for. You're just having a spat with arguing for argument's sake when you don't even have an argument. Jimk4003 There is no argument; it's the reality of the situation. Netflix have implemented DRM controls that block access to the Netflix app via the Play Store on rooted devices. I do understand why Netflix want to tighten their DRM procedures, and I do understand why some people have been left frustrated by this change. The reality is, however, if you want to download the Netflix app via Google Play, you will need an un-rooted phone; such as the phones used by the majority of Android users. That's all that's happening. I get that you don't like it. But stamping your foot and shouting 'no fair, no fair' achieves nothing. Netflix are entitled to run their business how they see fit within the law; and consumers get to choose whether they want to give Netflix their business or not. That's all there is to it. Don't like the way Netflix do business; don't give Netflix your money. Cyber_Akuma All you are doing with the "it is what it is" argument is just repeating what the article is saying. That is not conductive to anything. Anyone who has read the article knows what is happening right now. And sorry, but you are doing the same stamping your foot with the "well, it is what it is" argument. Not to mention that you are also wrong, because over the last 5 or so years ALONE there have been dozens of examples of consumers speaking out against policies or DRM and the companies begin forced to reverse it from the backlash. So you are doing nothing but hurting legitimate users by trying to argue "it is what it is". And again, no, they are not entitled to run their business in a way that without warning locks customers out of what they paid for, Sony tried this... and got in legal trouble and lost. So sorry, but you are wrong, and you have been nothing but wrong this entire argument. Netflix isn't' "entitled" to do this, people DO have a reason to complain, there IS a reason to complain, complaining HAS changed such practices before, and all you are doing is further hurting legitimate users by attempting to insist the "it is what it is" non-argument. Your entire argument has been fundamentally wrong from the start. Jimk4003 It's not my argument; it's simply Netflix's position. I get you don't agree with it, but it's totally valid for Netflix to wish to strengthen their DRM procedures. You do know I'm not responsible for Netflix's decision making, right? It is what it is; I wouldn't get too upset about it. Cyber_Akuma Again, "it is what it is" is not a valid argument. Jimk4003 No it's not an argument. Again, there is no argument necessary; the reality of the situation is self-evident, and no amount of arguing here will change it. The fact is this; YOU rooted your phone. You weren't forced. You should have known that by rooting your phone you are modifying the device beyond its factory specification. You should have known that this essentially makes you responsible for the proper operation of the device; you no longer have the device manufacturer or Google to turn to when software that you have modified doesn't work as expected. You should also have known that rooting prevents a device from complying with the compatibility test suite, and that this can affect your devices ability to function correctly. You should have been aware of the SafetyNet API, and anticipated the fact that this API would be adopted more and more broadly as Google promoted its usage. You can't blame Google for this; as before, once you modify your device beyond its factory spec, you're responsible for supporting yourself. Rooting a device is at the owners risk. You've now found yourself in a situation where a modification you have made to your device prevents you from accessing a service you want to use. That's on you; no-one made you modify your device, no-one said they would take responsibility for the changes you have made to your device, and rooted users are expected to assume liability for any ramifications and complications they face as a result of their decision to modifying their device. Netflix are well within their rights to enforce DRM on their product by using the SafetyNet API provided by Google, and the Google documentation clearly states rooted devices will fail the CTS check. This documentation is publicly available. You went ahead and rooted your device anyway. That's on you. It's no-one elses job to make sense of the decisions you have taken. You're free to carry on using Netflix if you return your device to a state where the integrity of the device can be verified. Or you're free to carry on using a rooted device and living with the compromises that entails. Your choice. Cyber_Akuma I don't think you get it. All you are doing is parroting what the article is saying. Furthermore, despite there being plenty of examples of complaining doing EXACTLY what you claim it cannot do, that is to change such decisions, you keep repeating that "complaining will do nothing". You are a broken record, arguing the same "it is what it is" argument over and over so you can avoid actually thinking. An argument (and yes, no matter how much YOU stomp your feet that it is not, it IS an argument) that has already been disproven over and over and over. You also ignored that there are many countries where phones are already sold rooted, or how such things don't effect using such services on a PC with admin rights which are the same thing, or the dozens of other holes in your logic large enough to sail a ship through. There is no "you should have been aware" because this is a total lapse in common sense and my device is in no way incompatible from a hardware or software level, but rather, the app is purposely rejecting it. Furthermore, they made no prior warning whatsoever. This is like arguing "you should have known modern cars could be remotely disabled" if a dealership decides to just disable all cars with an aftermarket radio installed. I don't know where to even begin with all the broken wrong logic in that last post. Why are you even here if you couldn't care less? You are free to carry on being a living example of "First they came", but don't come crying about how nobody else is listening to you because you could not possibly be any more wrong. I DO have a right to use Netflix on my device, rooted or no, if I am paying for it. If you argue against this, you are wrong. People DO have a right to root their devices, if you argue against this, you are wrong. People DO have a right (and have many many MANY times in the past) to challenge the "it is what it is" status quo, if you argue against this, you are wrong. And I know you WILL argue against this, which will mean that, see above, you are wrong. I have been more than patient with your insane thick-headnedness. At this point I can't tell if you are being willfully ignorant or really are just that ignorant. Or just trolling, that is an option as well. There is no way anyone rational at this point can continue to argue the insanity that you have argued. Jimk4003 I interpret personal insults as an indicator that the individual making them no longer has any faith in their actual arguments, and so I think it's time to call time on this particular discussion. As you've pointed out, neither of us is getting anywhere. It's been fun, but once it starts getting abusive, the fun has to stop. It's a shame, because DRM Vs individual user rights has the potential to be a really interesting discussion topic. I hope you get what you're after; and that the reality of the situation will change to be more in line with what you think it should be. Unfortunately I imagine the situation regarding DRM and rooted devices will only get more restrictive going forward. Take care. Cyber_Akuma You purposely instigate people into losing their patience with you, and then claim "I win because you got angry", especially when the anger is because you were refusing to understand the entire argument throughout this entire mess. My1 even if you dont have any right to access netflix, the whole point of netflix and others is making it easier to use those than to do piracy but when netflix goes around branding the rooted users as pirates and blocking them, they sure arent helping their purpose. especially if netflix is (I dont have it so I didnt try) runs on VGA and DVI Screens (no HDCP) where you can just capture the stuff. I mean it's say same withz Bluray Playback on PC, in addition to needing a Bluray Drive, you need an HDCP Compliant Graphics card, bus encryption, and HDCP compliant Monitor, and not to forget You Piece of PowerDVD which you have to upgrade (aka buy again) every few years because the older versions dont get Key Updates. and then we have stuff like unskippable trailers and all the other bluntly said Bullshit when dealing with that. of course Piracy is easier, just download the file and play it on any device you want, no internet and nothing required and no problems. My1 and even if one piece of software wont run in an Admin account, with LUA even on Admin they arent having and privileges unless you kick in the UAC, and to top it, even if the app wont be running if I force it as admin, and only runs with active LUA concept, I can still run anything else as admin and screw the other software running as normal user over (cheatengine is the perfect example for this) Richard Markert Root is, by definition, unsecure. Any time you have userland processes that have access to ring0 you are inherently unsecure, as there are no restrictions placed upon running code at that point. Cyber_Akuma And yet, there are ways to run it securely on PCs. Netflix and online banking would not be available on PCs if it wasn't. My1 well but from another side, root can also be used to just patch any holes that were there. actually happened a few times before. My1 banking apps dont have a reason for a root check if they are done properly, i.e. TANs are generated with an air-gapped extra device. TANs on the phone are in general not safe and if the TAN is able to be generated offline, someone could use an exploit to root, steal the secret for TAN generation and boom, it's over. and dont even start thinking about sms-TAN, it's even worse. also when I just want to look into what my account is doing, I am not happy when I cant do so. My Bank (Hypovereinsbank) more or less recently blocked root and well I just RootCloaked that thing into oblivion and can do my stuff. but I'll probably change anyway since they sadly have no good way of TANs (just paper-based list-TANs, SMS and app) TedPhillips mostly agree. by providing a turn-key 'lockdown' check, and further by ret-conning it into playstore access (let's see how far they take that) -google is now openly hostile to anyone who bought into android for it's ability to customize and truly 'own' your own device. the open source roots of android was a big differentiator vs something like iOS, but now that they have dominate market position - they are walking away from that without concern. (only worrying about how slow they need to boil the frog to get away with it) meanwhile, what middle manager is going to say 'no' to adding safetyNet checks in their app or play store listing? it is an easy way for them to write down on potential risks, unjustified (which it pretty much always is) or not. blindexecutioner So the solution is to install from outside the play store. That's great for security. Way to go. Richard Markert No they don't. Since Windows 7, new and default users are not Admin accounts. koiulpoi Sorry, this is absolutely wrong. The first user created on a Windows PC has full administrative access, limited by UAC. You can still delete System32, it's just mildly harder than it used to be. If "new and default users" were not Admin accounts, they couldn't install software, so... Richard Markert Default user accounts are higher than Limited accounts, but not as high as Admin accounts. That's why they can install software. Linux users are not admins but can still install software, right? It started on Windows 7, expanded in 8/8.1 and now in Windows 10 a user account behaves just like a user account in Linux. It has no access to %systemdir% unless you manually go in the folder properties and give your user account Admin permissions to it. You can still run things AS admin by giving the permission at runtime, but since all that requires is pressing a button (if your built-in admin account isn't passworded, which it isn't by default, one step forward two back, sigh) and most users are too "stupid" to simply not press that button. koiulpoi It's really funny when people speak authoritatively about something they're so wrong about. The first account created by the Windows OOBE is automatically added to the Administrators group. This means they're an Administrator. They have Administrative privileges. The fact that certain actions are blocked until you click "yes" on a simple UAC prompt doesn't stop this; they're in "Admin Approval Mode", which can be disabled via GPO if you care to. If you buy a computer from Dell (example), set it up, then go to System32 and start deleting .dll files, it'll ask for administrative privileges, but you can click yes and away it goes! Some files are protected at "SYSTEM" level, which is higher than administrator, but DEFAULT USERS ARE ADMINISTRATORS. This has ABSOLUTELY nothing to do with the "password" on the built-in "Administrator" account. That account is disabled out-of-the-box. Please, you're digging a bigger hole trying to look "right". How to prove this: Set up a new computer. Set up user default for MS. Start -> Run -> netplwiz -> Be amazed that your user is part of the group "Administrators". TechGuy22 Haha kodi Doesn't matter to me I Stopped paying for Netflix long time ago. C64 Haha Teranium TV 😎 TechGuy22 I like that too. You can even get the mod one and remove the ads. Lol C64 I know, i always use those. I want to pay for the dev, but there's no option to do that. Koko time is coming with a big update to tim242 Thief. Renato Santos This is stupid. Congratulations, Netflix. Jan-Lk Else It is also getting more and more necessary to unlock / root devices due to missing updates etc. But I'm not a Netflix customer and won't become one. C64 Whahaha, this has to be the most retarded move of the year in any category (even Trump can't top this). I'm glad i don't use Old Crap Flix. A Person Hillary, then Netflix. C64 Nope sorry. Since Trump is your president i can't take America serious anymore A Person Timeout, you're not even a US citizen? No interest in your opinion. James F Wow. Just wow. I can't take you seriously either if that's how you treat people. Not cool, man. A Person "Wow, just wow"? When he can vote in our elections I'll take his opinions of our elections seriously. It is highly ill-informed anyhow. Paul Sterling A person wins! Marcelove Timeout, you are a Trump supporter? No interest in your opinion (neither anyone smart in the world). Roy Riddex Just so I'm clear on this, by unlocked are we talking about SIM unlocked? lomsha No no, unlocked bootloader. Roy Riddex Thanks Corbin Davenport Unlocked bootloader. pbergonzi I wonder how long they'll stick with that premise seeing as how much public opinion expressed here is against them. Screw them. Get the APK somewhere else or install magisk and hide your root. Too many people root their devices and have a good reason for doing so and Netflix should not penalize them. Doby Gillis Dude, normal people don't give a fuck about rooted phones. It's just the elitist twats who do it anymore. twiz0r Dude, you're an elitist twat. Richard Markert Most people who root seem to be. The sentiment among rooters is "if you don't root your phone, you're not as good as me and don't deserve to have a phone. Root you stupid noob!" twiz0r thanks for confirming your twatness. good day. C64 One word ..... Bullshit Corey Kinard I've yet to see that... Maybe you just feel like that because they do in fact know more than you? Richard Markert My first version of Android was 1.5. I've seen it for many years. How long have you been in the scene? My1 well at least a rooted phone is objectively better than a non rooted one, but relatively and subjectively speaking, if a non-rooted phone is good enough for someone then let it be so. EowynCarter My phone isn't rooted. And not compatible anymore ! Franco Fassio Unlocked bootloader maybe? EowynCarter Yes. But seam I can't lock it without wipe. So screw you Netflix. Marcelove Let me guess, your profile pic is that right? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0f0c4f3e3ce40074aebfe58d80511d4a0b7d4a94896ce54d82e448a1cd2e3ceb.jpg bruce lancaster Dude. It isn't just rooted phones - Also unlocked. Elitists get their iphones and galaxy s8s from att and verizon. Normal people get their devices from amazon, ebay, newegg, gearbest etc. Jimk4003 I'm sure Netflix are terrified that the tiny fraction of Android users who come to this site, and the similarly tiny fraction who root their phones, are bothered. The rest of the world won't care. bruce lancaster An article in Wireless Week (cellphone industry rag) a couple of months back says it's now a majority of phones in Asia that are unlocked and Europe is getting pretty close to 50/50. US passed 30% unlocked around Christmas. People aren't getting their phones from ATT, Verizon, etc any more now that they have to pay full retail and don't get a free or heavily discounted flagship device with contract renewal. They are getting them from Amazon, Gearbest, Newegg, etc and moving their sim. If I owned stock in Netflix right now, I'd sell it quick on this news. Everything that isn't already mobile is going mobile. Alienating half the European market and 30% of the US market is asinine. Fedup Yup. Ditched my flagship Samsung phone for a 'budget' Moto G5 Plus that is 100% compatible with all four US carriers (and their dozens of MNVOs). Swapping providers is as easy as changing the sim. And despite the slower spec'ed hardware, the carrier bloat-free Nougat is WAY faster than my TW Galaxy phone - and the battery life is INSANE. C64 Probably 90 % of the people don't know what root is. Almost every person I know owns an Android device, but i'm the only geek who flashes and roots his devices bruce lancaster It isn't just rooted phones but also unlocked phones. Got your phone on amazon? Got it on ebay? Got it from gearbest? Got it from newegg? Yup. No netflix for you without jumping through enough hoops that you'll actually know about rooting by the time you get it done. Fedup Are we conflating a carrier-unlocked vs. bootloader unlocked phone? They are two distinctly different things, and I doubt that having a carrier-unlocked phone (i.e. using a TMO phone on ATT, or VZ on Sprint) has any impact on SafetyNet or Widevine. pbergonzi Judging from the posts here it looks like nobody who roots their phone uses Netflix anyway so I guess it's moot. But the outcry sure did get them a bunch of free publicity. T4rd This is what Magisk is for. Pretty sure if I can still use Android Pay with my rooted 6P, I can still use/update Netflix through the Play Store. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Magisk still requires that you unlock your bootloader, which is enough to trigger safety net these days, so that won't work. TechGuy22 You don't know how magisk works do you Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ I understand that Magisk is a great tool for modifying my system without actually modifying it. I understand that there are many modules that allow you to do things like hide root, bypass security modules, skin your system, and plenty of other things. What I don't understand is how you can install magisk without unlocking your bootloader. Back when I originally tried it out with pokemon go, it worked well for a while, but eventually even just having my bootloader unlocked was all it took to throw SafetyNet. If that's not an issue anymore, then great! But maybe say that instead of being snarky. Thomas Gladdines Bootloader can be simply locked after rooting and installing a custom recovery. Edwin O. Lol no You could, but then you can't flash anything with said recovery... So no point Thomas Gladdines LOL the recovery doesn't stop working after a bootloader is locked, only fastboot won't flash images but the recovery can do whatever it wants to, update the rom, edit system files etc. Thomas Gladdines That's nonsense, the recovery works fine with or without a locked bootloader. Only fastboot won't work but that's only needed when you don't have a custom recovery to flash images. Muzzy996 Well as an example for the Google Pixel: https://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=71901761&postcount=454 In this case all it takes is a kernel that supports Magisk and hides the fact that the bootloader is unlocked, at which point with Magisk Hide enabled all root and SafetyNet checks pass. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Excellent. I'll have to look back into this then, last time I used magisk it wasn't as capable, glad to see it's come this far. sbeaulieu Magical Hide is there for that Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Can Magical Hide hide that my bootloader is unlocked? Serious question, not being sarcastic or snarky as I was below. sbeaulieu It does make the SafetyNet check pass iJeggu Magisk itself doesn't hide an unlocked bootloader it only hides root but must custom roms simply delete the verifiedbootstate -flag which in turn makes safetynet pass even with an unlocked bootloader. Some older devices don't have this flag in their kernels in the first place so safetynet will accept that the flag is missing. Link to the patch that most custom roms (kernels to be specific) have to pass safetynet: https://github.com/sultanxda/android_kernel_oneplus_msm8996/commit/abc05b16bbd33521c2fffaf491c5657a94bfcfc5 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5b1ff3f47e32d5f57ddadcd650a5b94725bd4e6242cea92e269f51e988d0d426.png T4rd Except it's working for me right now... jonzey231 This has been happening for a week now. I tweeted it to Ruddock a few days ago. Just didn't put together that it was because I was unlocked. https://twitter.com/jonzey231/status/862122438125072384 steelew Google really needs to start stealing from the root community the way apple takes from the jailbreak community. It feels like rooting is way down except for a few (legal) use cases. If it weren't for visual tweaks & usability tweaks, I would have no need to root (personally). This kind of stuff starts to make rooting unpleasant. I already can't use fingerprint auth in my banking app any more because root. Jesús Cuenca They do. I used rooms for like 8 years maybe? And a lot of the "new features" always come of the rom or root comunity. Right now i use roms, but not root. Marcelove I'm trying to stay indoors, but is complicate... Greenify for example, works at no root devices nowadays... But is way better with root and Xposed... Doze can't compare against Greenify... Maybe at version number 20 root wouldn't be necessary... Sandeep Raghuraman What about the version downloaded from Amazon app store though? Does that work fine? TwoBit Gary It worked, but it is old version without show downloads. Go to apkmirror oculairmedia Interesting move. I flashed a custom ROM on my Nexus 6 because stock was so slow that it was getting unusable, but screw me right ? Atoqir In my country lots of stuff doesn't work on unrooted devices. My bank app, payment app and local cable TV and digicorder app all stopped working. Also s-health doesn't work anymore and soon Netflix. Time to unroot Marcelove "Time to unroot" Sheep. Richard Markert Rooting is insecure. You don't need to access the system partition except to break things. Benjamin Walburn If that were the case then this wouldn't be an issue. Nobody is looking to break their phone. Richard Markert Few people I've talked to online know what they're doing when it comes to root. Most of those end up breaking things. Rooting is far too easy and probably shouldn't exist at all. Benjamin Walburn You could say the same about anything, not just modification of phones. Maybe you shouldn't own a car if you can't fix it yourself, or have kids if you aren't a doctor. Rooting isn't easy, it's made easy by the hard work of other people. It's not up to you what other people do with their property, you have no right to say that they shouldn't. And if someone breaks their phone, what does it have to do with you? It's their hobby and their phone. You're not their daddy. senoredusty Or use Magisk DJMix No need. You could use magisk su hide for the moment. it still passes the safetynet. I too use a banking app that cannot be used on normal root proocess faceless128 "please stop giving us money and use Kodi instead" Sounds like a great business plan! JD For the sake of Kodi's developers don't say Kodi in that context. ericshmerick Hrmm, every time I hear Kodi, I think of pirated content. Guess when people are like "I use Kodi for my 30TB media collection" I stop and wonder how... Yes, ripping a lifetime of DVDs, but nah. Probably piracy. C64 I know a few how really use it legally Powsniffer0110 Yea I use it legally 95% of the time. ErectBipedal nah man, I use Kodi to browse my 30TB of linux isos. Totally legit I swear. Chazz Matthews Torrents are legal too. Just depends on the content. Mike Honestly though, if pirate add-ons wern't available on kodi, 98% of the people using it now would not have even heard of it before. Even bad publicity is good publicity. They are not going to publicly come out and say it, but the add-on's are the only reason they're well known. Andy Roid But kodi makes piracy so easy! Blian Oh god, please stop. Nobody is using Kodi for their DVD rips. Railwayman I rather say Fusion and Exodus et al instead since Kodi is... Kodi and you have to install what you want. The Netflix business plan is for her more people on Exodus, Phoenix and SALTS - not to mention Terrarium TV and MovieBox as well. Kevin Strident Kodi is open source. If Kodi stops wanting to be as useful as it is now, someone will fork it and keep it doing what its users enjoy. cbstryker Kodi is just an open source media player. To watch any pirated content you either need to download it or install an unaffiliated plugin that streams from pirated sources. C64 Next kodi wil have drm build in. So people have to use forks. I stopped using kodi since i found Teranium TV. cbstryker That makes zero sense. Kodi's reason for existing would stop. C64 That's BS my friend, Kodi (xbmc) has started on the original xbox and was made and used as a media player My1 actually it depends on how the build the DRM, if it's made to be only active when you are for example streaming netflix and does nothing for local content, which for sure can be legal (e.g. ripping DVDs in finland is no problem because CSS is not considered an "effective" protection method ever since 2007) although if the DRM would be everywhere it wouldnt be funny. Justin D Same...but with Plex and something else >.> Dany Lol I know right? I was using Kodi more than Netflix anyway so... Dmitry Stepanushkin Xposed + RootCloak or something similar will do it for most of apps for those who need root. So I think not a big problem. Abhishek Saral Not a big problem but a big annoyance. tehboogieman Hmm, rootcloak isn't working for me with netflix m477 No, it won't work. Safetynet always fails if you have closed activated, or if you just have an unlocked bootloader. Sometimes even by just having adb debugging turned on. My1 debugging is a joke right? If it's not WHAT ARE THEY DOING? I mean debugging is a core part of developing and any developer probably has it active m477 I've only seen it working like that once, so it might be an isolated case. Kan☆n MagiskSU and its manager app comes with a very good hider built-in. No Xposed needed. h4rr4r Beyond pointless. Netflix won by being easier than piracy, this threatens to turn back the clock on that. Lexster These companies don't seem to get that most people pirate because it's easier/cheaper than buying what they want. Yes, it's wrong, whatever, the point is streaming services made it easier for people, which outweighed the hassle of pirating it. You're right, this kind of thing is what will get people to start doing it again more. BobButtons If I can't use Netflix on my rooted phone, it's Netflix that'll go, not the root. They're encouraging piracy. Actually l like bezels Why? What do you get with root? BobButtons Primarily for system level ad-blocking. None of the non-root options can even compare. I refuse to allow ads when they have the ability to fill the entire screen and vibrate the phone. Even with being able to block ads, I still purchase the ad-free option of apps I support. Matthew Wilson Updates. Security updates. DJMix What do you mean what do we get from root? We get everything! Everything! YaKillaCJ Exactly. Screw it, I only have Netflix for convenience. This will also have negative impact on many devices and average consumers even if they never unlock or root. A lot don't have Google certification, such as upcoming OEMs. Then theirs beta roms like Xiaomi and OnePlus that run awesome. Marcelove Funny thing: I was about to become a subscriber of Netflix after seeing House of Cards by PirateBay but now through the official channel because I thought that Netflix deserved my money... Look : deservED... But this movie will keep me at PirateBay... Funny thing 2: I have a Moto G5 that I could unlock and root and I didn't it just because I wanna see how things are nowadays without root... And I use a lot of apps that would work better with root (Greenify for example)... So I would be able to use Netflix... And I won't and will stay that way only because this douchebag move... Congratulations Netflix... Funny thing 3: So happy that I waited till House of Cards release to become a subscriber... Netflix should learn something from Frank Underwood... And from Blockbuster... tim242 Yeah, sure you were. Once a thief, always a thief. koiulpoi This is the most untrue statement I've read on this website. Thomas Elephants can fly 天地人 http://gadling.com/2012/06/10/airline-transports-herd-of-african-elephants-photos/ koiulpoi Nice! You matched it. 天地人 Yes, because illegally pirating from huge corperations which constantly attempt to and successfully brainwash people into agenda using various tricks, is somehow bad? You're not supporting the creators of the show, sure. But you're also not supporting the 6 Jewish companies that control 90% of American media. Anyways, with your little money you wouldn't be benefitting anybody. Do you honestly think those Jewish companies are dying to get a hold of your $120 you payed for Netflix this year? Probably not. The creators of the show, are well off anyways. Don't companies pay them to have their content on their platform and pay for their production cost and wages? Then; they've already been payed. I'm not endorsing piracy. It isn't the best thing to do, but I think calling people a "thief" and grouping them with people who have actually stolen things off individuals which mean a lot to the individual and murdered some individuals in the process, is just stupid. It's not the same as 'stealing' bits of 1s and 0s. Again, I'm not endorsing piracy, however there are a lot of good reasons to pirate movies and TV shows. Paul Sterling You're a thief. People leave their families for months to give you works of art. Games, movies, music. You can't throw them a few bucks? I'm legit, always will be. Also, tax helps everyone. Your wall of text is just trying to convince yourself, thief. 天地人 Nope. A thief is different from a pirate, besides, they've already been payed. And I was talking about TV shows and movies, but you're too dense to realise it. jj14x Not the same. If I spend time writing code for software, and decide to sell a monthly license instead of a perpetual license, that is my choice. Your choice should be to either subscribe to the monthly license, or to find a competitor software to use instead. Choosing to bypass the licensing checks makes you a thief (taking something without the owner's permission makes you a thief). And same logic applies to TV shows/movies. If you want to own the movie and watch it whenever you want it, BUY it. "illegally pirating from huge corperations which constantly attempt to and successfully brainwash people into agenda using various tricks, is somehow bad?"<-- YES - it is still illegal. Just because somebody stole your car doesn't mean you can go and steal that person's car in retaliation. There are laws and procedures on how to handle that. STDog Illegal != bad, legal != good. Thousands of unjust laws have been passed. They made actions illegal that were not bad. My1 well yeah if you actually bypass the thing you are a pirate (not a thief because stealing != illegal copy) but branding people pirates and making the software refuse if something that MIGHT be used for piracy is on the device isnt not better. 天地人 Theft is when I take your bike and it's gone and you do not have a bike anymore. When I pirate, are you losing your software or your right to sell your software? Plus, if you actually developed software, I'd probably pay for it since you aren't some big corporation. Richard Markert It's trickle-down, man. Think about if everybody thought like you. Netflix has 100 million subs and each pay at the minimum $107/yr and that's 10.7 billion. Now if that 10.7 billion were wiped out in an instant, how is Netflix going to make new shows or seasons of existing shows? It's the same with the rest of the content creation business. You and me, we're just a drop in the bucket when it comes to their revenue, but instead of scooping it out a spoonful at a time while adding water by the cup, somebody dumped the bucket over, there would be no money left to pay the content creators before content is even made. 天地人 Of course it depends on what you're watching. The same ideology cannot be applied to everything. Railwayman I guess you like DRM and proprietary vendor lock in? The only moral of the story is: Pay for legit services then and watch posted content - the creators get paid and you get proper content without restrictions. The day the industry realize that DRM, geo blocking and so forth are counter productive will be historic. My1 well I would and I do give my money for legal media consumption when possible but when some things have region locks, meaning I cant import them or other stupid Ideas like Netflix not doing rooted devices, I certainly wouldnt like giving money for something I cant use. My1 not really. I have streamed and/or downloaded stuff in the past (coz not available here) just to buy their blurays years after when it finally came to germany Fedup Love my Moto G5 Plus. Best phone I've had so far - and that's coming from a number of Samsung flagship phones. It's so much snappier and the battery life is insane. I waited a full 48 hours before caving and unlocking/rooting. Haven't looked back. I hate ads, and w/o root, you can't miracast to anything other than chromecast. Trysta Noticed this a little while ago. The crazy thing is I'm not even rooted or interested in any mods. I needed to sideload the latest version 7.1.2 because my RMA Nexus 6p refused to update on its own. I'm keeping the bootloader unlocked so I can recover if my phone boot loops. I rarely use Netflix on my phone but this is kind of annoying. I suspect this has something to do with offline movie watching (which is amazing). jj14x You don't need to unlock bootloader to sideload the full OTA images that Google publishes on their website. Tim Harman But you do need it to recover in your phone bootloops, as he said. jj14x True, but by that logic, everyone should keep their phone's bootloader unlocked all the time (because a bootloop, in theory, could happen to anyone/anytime) - not just when flashing a factory image. My1 but doesnt the actual unlock wipe everything? EowynCarter You don't ? Had to when installing a developper preview. Then I left it that way, so I won't be locked out in case of boot loop. TedPhillips or when you have some random block on disk get corrupted, ala nexus 9. ilovetesla Dumbest blocking I've ever heard Bruce Wayne I stopped rooting ages ago. Android has gotten so good that I don't need it anymore. Muzzy996 Good for you! Not everyone feels the same though, I know I sure don't. Tasker, Adaway, Greenify, Titanium, Substratum and GMD Gesture Controls are all more important to me than Netflix. The day Netflix stops working on my rooted devices (which are what I watch it on, not my TV) is the day I'll cancel my service. No big loss compared to losing root. Richard Markert Tasker is interesting but never felt the need for it. Adaway, titanium are both irrelevant on my S7, I despise gestures beyond simple swiping in the Cardinal directions, and if stock Android is so perfect why do you need to theme it? C64 I have a s7 edge and the stockrom is full of bloatware from Microsoft, Sansung and Google. More than 20 useless apps are included. So yes the s7 needed root. tim242 Wrong. Package Disabler, no root required. Richard Markert No, it doesn't. Everything not necessary for function is disableable. C64 You can't disable everything Muzzy996 Never said android is perfect, if it was there wouldn't be any competition in the market or users such as myself who feel the need to customize Android. Root is not something I push onto others, its just something that I want on my devices and I make choices about what services I use or devices I purchase based upon my ability to do it. Railwayman I take that you like ads, then? Using a non-rooted Samsung without Taller would be like using a feature phone again but with ads. Having an automated device without ads and bloat is certainly a basic requirement to me. Richard Markert Adhell and Disconnect pro. What's an ad? Railwayman I don't see any ads on my Ericsson GF388 either. Don't have to install a single piece of software in order to get there. Ericsson win, Samsung loose.:) Your Samsung still has Google ad services and so forth running even if you are blocking them on the "non root level". My devices are completely ad free with Google ads disabled system wide and in all apps. Samsung loose every time even if their followers are trying to find different "non root methods" to "solve" things that other devices do without any issues due to... root. kostas110 maybe if you use some 500+ euro smartphone from 2016-2017 something that not everyone can do C64 I disagree, Android is one big advertising if you don't use root. Apps have ads (not every app has a pro version), internet browsing sucks without Adaway (build in ad blockers in browsers aren't great), YouTube really sucks if it isn't modded (watch a 30 second ad for a 3 minute movie). And devices are full of bloatware that can't be removed without root. Even the Google stuff are bloatware (kiosk, movies,music,books etc). I also like to remove alot of system apps and replace them with my own apps that i prefer (file manager, agenda, email, music/ video player) and i really hate duplicate apps on my devices. Also Titanium Backup is important to me. So Android​ without root isn't Android for me. jetscreamer01 I use adguard to block stupid ads in my apps. Now using any commercial apps is enjoyable. Richard Markert Samsung's Internet has the Adblock extension and it literally blocks everything. I also use Disconnect Pro and Adhell for system-wide ad blocking. Titanium Backup I never really used even back when I was rooting phones - it has been replaced 100% by Smart Switch. But then, I haven't needed to restore a backup (except for switching devices) in years, probably because I don't run janky community junkroms. Muzzy996 The only reason you feel that Smart Switch completely replaces Titanium is because you never used other features of Titanium that go beyond what Smart Switch is intended for. Things like shortcuts to freeze/defrost apps, multiple version backups or market management are useful to some even if they're on rooted stock OEM ROMs. They're not must haves for the masses though but some of us do appreciate their usefulness. Cyber_Akuma I hate this response. If anything, I have found far more reasons to root than ever before. Being able to create a backup image and install security/tracking software tat can't just be wiped/uninstalled easily is a big one for example. Captain_Invisible But you don't even need to root to get blocked. Just using a custom ROM or having an unlocked bootloader triggers it.. DJMix I really couldn't understand these kind of stupid moves. I mean I kinda get for an Android Pay or some banking apps to implement these limitations. But seriously, a frickin' streaming app? Afraid they're gonna get pirated? For someone who's going to pirate, they probably could just probably reverse engineer the apk and remove the limitations or basically use older apps. Do they really have some idle engineers that they're forced to implement useless feature? ddevito Guess I'll just pirate it all soon. Their loss. JD Fuck Android If OEMs would fucking provide updates for 5 years I wouldn't need to unlock my bootloader. I'm out. I'll come back when Google fixes this shit. Also fuck Netflix. Back to pirating it is. Christopher Bement My app stopped working on my N7 when I sideloaded 5.0. Got an error when trying to play anything. I went and dropped it back to stock on the latest patch and relocked the bootloader. All working fine now. Too fucking bad, Nougat is fantastic on that device, leaps and bounds better than Marshmallow. tehboogieman Which ROM and which N7 do you have? I still have the stock ROM on my 2013 N7 LTE and have been procrastinating loading an N ROM on it Christopher Bement 2013 LTE version and I was using Nitrogen OS (fantastic and stable ROM). I am now on the latest Marshmallow just so that Netflix will work. tehboogieman As long as I can side load it and sign in I'm still ok. It's a pain, but I'd live with that. But if NF blocks root users from signing in, I'm definitely cancelling and just use one of the very easy pirate apps. Fedup As long as you can side load... Sure. But going from "hidden app in the Play store" to "sideloaded app won't run" is probably on the menu. Wayne Randall I just signed up for Netflix so I could cancel it. I'm part of the group. tim242 You paid them... Richard Markert Hahahahahaha I don't even use Netflix on my phone (screen is too small) so I don't care. But man, the tears and butthurt from the root community is hilarious. Benjamin Walburn You're a very petty child. Richard Markert When something makes me laugh, I point it out. I do that even have a dog in this hunt. I only watch Netflix on my 75" LED TV. I'm just tired of root users smugness. Almost as smug as apple users. Benjamin Walburn You're tired of people being smug in their hobbies, so you gloat about the problems inflicted on them pointlessly? Petty and a hypocrite. Richard Markert What else am I supposed to do to remove the smugness? My name is…. Get a life maybe? Benjamin Walburn Why should you? Is another person's happiness really that painful for you? You already know that they accomplished nothing more than "successfully followed instructions." It seems like your purpose would be better served by targeting that, not just being a jerk. Humbling them is one thing, being an ass is another entirely. tim242 You sound like the petty child. Stomp your foot, becauseyou don't get your way. Benjamin Walburn Not only am I not doing that, I'm not not getting my way, and "stomping​ my foot" is not an example of pettiness. Your wrongness-density is impressive. My name is…. Who beat you as a child? Richard Markert Lol koiulpoi You're on androidpolice.com... making fun of the root community... and unable to see past the end of your nose... Don't you have anything better to do? Richard Markert Actually, no. I read Android police because they have the best coverage of software. koiulpoi I didn't realize I replied to you twice. You're all over this article, with really, nothing better to do, huh? Richard Markert Yeah, I'm bored. I'm probably done stirring shit up anyway, today is water change day on my fish tanks. lomsha Tard Railwayman Are you one of those Samsung Apologists that argue against root and proudly tell everyone about the perfection known as Grace UX... just to install Package Dsabler Pro because... something disturb all "perfectness" of their system? Trying to be an "anti-social elitist" is like proudly use Simple Finder on a Mac and tell everyone that you don't need the regular Finder.;) Richard Markert I use Samsung, but only because it offers the best mix of software and hardware for me. And package disablers are garbage. Railwayman I avoid Samsung like a plague because of Knox 0x1 Warranty Void, Grace UX (TW...) and pretty ugly hardware not to mention the software design, which looks like a cheap toy, both colors, design and all S-This and S-That they preinstall. Don't forget DT Ignite so the carriers can add their share. It is always amusing when the Samsung Apologist proudly claim how good it is to live without root and how "mature Android has become" when they are talking about a heavily modified fork of it. If Samsung could replace Google Play with Galaxy Apps, they would. The only thing restricting them from further modification is the CTS in order to be able to use Play. An unrooted Samsung running Grace? It would be like having a feature phone again. Way too many annoyances and no way of making it more pleasurable since the whole thing is... Samsung. The only area where there are some reminiscence of Android is under the About box. Samsung is a disgrace not to mention a complete parody on the concept of an Android device. Not to mention their followers who recently "spotted" the bezel less display (introduced by Sharp and LG followed by Xiaomi) because... the S 8 got it AND suddenly made it a "requirement". The most kind thing I can say about that brand is this: Samsung is for the Android device and platform what McDonald's is for the thing called food.;) There are way better devices available. Buying a Samsung is like getting a Big Mac (the difference is that the Big Mac buyers doesn't claim its superiority - while Samsung buyers always try to claim how "superior" their devices are). Richard Markert Everything in your first paragraph is purely subjective. I find the design of the Pixel to be ugly, boring and derivative. AOSP design language doesn't appeal to me. I also think Samsung's software suite is better than Google's. My 935U doesn't have DTIgnite, but my 935V does...as does the Verizon branded V20, Moto Turbo2, etc. DTIgnite is a Verizon thing. Bezel less phones are sexy, for sure. That Sharp device was a Sharp device, and the Xiaomi has a CDMA radio so I could use it on Verizon , but just can't justify buying a thousand dollar device from China. It is stupidly gorgeous though. I use Samsung because I like the software design. I like the functionality of the base is and apps, and I like the S-app suite. I really miss my Note 7, and I'll be swapping up to a Note 8 when it's out. Don't get me wrong, Samsung phones have their negatives - chief among them is the fragile design and the screen edge touch rejection sucks ass. But for me, the positives outweigh the negatives. Other phones have bigger negatives for me. No IP68, no uSD card, no wireless charging, no SAMOLED display. Phone preference are always subjective. Somebody will always have a reason to pick one over another. Tell me, if Samsung is a "parody" of the concept of an Android device, what is your description of the perfect Android device? I'm guessing it's the Pixel. Railwayman Pixel is an ugly iPhone clone. The best Android device so far would be something like a Xiaomi Mi Mix running Resurrection Remix or similar ROM or something like a Mi Max but with perfection added through a Snapdragon 835, 256GB storage plus microSDand 6-8GB RAM paired with a 1440p 6.44" display or even 4K. 5000-6000 mAh battery. My Xiaomi Mi Max is excellent but would be even better with the aforementioned hardware (I can't fault is existing hardware but I am taking about a new model). A keyboard flipcover would be a great accessory as well. There are no device yet worthy of the perfect moniker yet but my Max is the best thing so far in my collection beside the Nokia Communicators and HTC TP2 and HD2 and also the Xperia Z Ultra when I do the holistic judgment. IP68? Sony all the way to me if I really insist. MicroSD? No need for a Samsung in order to get it. Yes, Samsung is a kind of a parody of an Android device die to their heavy modifications, restrictive policies, low price /performance ratio, carrier branding and Knox 0x1 Warranty Void. The upcoming OnePlus 5 looks promising - they usually get their things right. MicroSD on that one as well.;) If Samsung make a device without any BS such as restrictions, carrier links paired with good price / performance ratio I would be interested. Let's call it a Note Pro. What I don't like with Samsung are all Apologists making excuses for their policies. I have nothing against them as a company or production. They can make excellent products but their policies stop them right now. It is too much McDonald's mainstream and too little class at this time. Carrier devices are typically too mainstream than the unlocked ones. My1 well knox flag is annoying but I honestly like my Galaxy Note 4 which is the last good Samsung in my opinion becase anything later either doesnt have microSD, doesnt have a swappable batter or doesnt have both (Galaxy S6 for example) but these are 2 very important things and I really like some parts of the samsung rom, although a lot of other parts (e.g. the launcher) are junk and get replaced instantly, also root makes the thing work as I want. and well many non samsung devices use the on-screen navigation bar, one thing I despise after having a horrible experience on my tablet. and (at least outside of samsung) the fiun goes on with removing the headphone jack which is something on my absolute instant KO list for phones. I dont see the point of a digital sound connection on a phone because sound itself is analog by definition and I think the DAC in a multi-hundred euro device is better than in some cheap headphones. and not to forget the features. samsung had many features WAY earlier than AOSP did, which certainly doesnt make it so much better at least from this viewpoint, although aosp is certainly getting better with every version. but even though I like my note 4 I must say that it is by no means perfect. everything is better and worse than others if you put the right requirements in. MadMartigan What are are you, seven? me me A primary reason to root is to run adblock because Google is way too greedy. So the irony, Google's greed means there's less reason to pay for NetFlix. Let me guess... shall we? Google Play Movies still works right...? Oh yes, so long as Google makes their money.... tim242 I block ads with Adguard. No root required. Mike | Homeless On Wheels People still use Netflix? Bit Torrent is your friend. dizel123 Exactly. Everyone should stop using Netflix. Not sure how I'm gonna get the shows i currently watch on Netflix from bit torrent since they won't be made anymore once Netflix is shut down, but at least I'll have my bit torrent friend tim242 Some people like to do things properly. Railwayman You mean - Do it with DRM? You can't buy whatever device you want because a content provider disagree. You can't use the system you want because a content provider disagree. You can't use the app you want because a content provider disagree. I need a lot of apps, ads and limitations for the so called "proper way" . The "improper way" is Samsung free, ad free and bloat free - and I don't need several apps because I have just one or two streaming apps, one media player, one book reader and so on. Fast and efficient system to boot. I think I prefer to do things "improperly". Richard Markert >The "improper way" is Samsung free, ad free and bloat free - and I don't need several apps because I have just one or two streaming apps, one media player, one book reader and so on. Fast and efficient system to boot. *sigh* I bet you think deleting the APKs from /system actually gives you more space in /data, too. Railwayman Perhaps you can tell me the benefit of having Kindle, Kobo and Nook instead of MoonReader for everything. The benefits of having an uprooted system, Netflix, Hulu and a couple of apps for different cable services instead of having just one media center would also be interesting to know more about. When we are at it: Why would I want to use a 3GB+ Samsung ROM when Resurrection Remix are 600 MB and the G-Apps around 340 MB? Richard Markert I dont use any of those. Phones are too small for media consumption. I don't have any video streaming or playback apps on my phone. Nor do I have book readers, but why wouldnt I want Kindle? It's the only way to access the Amazon library... Oh wait, I forgot, you do that believe in compensating content creators. Resurrection remix, really? If I put that on my S7 edge, I'd be wiping out half the hardware's capabilities in one blow. No Samsung pay, no edge panels, no pro mode camera, no AOD, no game tools, no GearVR. And im sure none of the little things I've come to expect in my UI, like direct calling and sliding a contact to call/txt. But I can move the clock to the other side of the notification shade, woohoo! Oh and does the installer for RR rom repartition the file system? Because if not, /system will still be 3gb, not 600mb. And on top of that, I'm immediately reminded of iOS when I looked at their screenshots. Railwayman So RR looks like iOS? Interesting. It looks like Android with Material Design on my device. I buy Kindle books but send them through a plug-in since the Kindle app pretty much suck in comparison with MoonReader. Sometimes I also buy from Google Play Books and it is also a trip through the plug-in for them and then into the MoonReader library. You see - DRM is a stupidity that must go way unless they create a device wide scheme so any app can authenticate and show or play back the content. I understand that Samsung phones are too small for media consumption. A 6.44-7 inch display is different - it works comfortably without the heft of a 10-12 inch tablet. Small displays below 6-6.3 inches are just too small. So your listed features of your Samsung are hardware? They certainly sound like software to me. Or do you seriously believe that Samsung use co-processors in their device like Commodore did on the Amiga? I can assure you that your Samsung contain standard hardware with a lot of subcontracted components, especially in the US market where they even use Qualcomm CPUs. Samsung Pay? Why would I use an OEM dependent payment system? My credit cards follow a standard, why should I pick myself into a specific device OEM just to pay? It makes no sense. It is like having a car that only runs on Citgo gas or a 4" Visa card requiring different terminals than my 4.5" MasterCard. Mobile payments will be a thing when a standard are in place. Payment systems requiring me to lock myself into a specific OEM just suck. Edge panels? Don't see the need. Don't like Edge displays with their optical side effects. Flat display or just slight roundness on the edges like the BlackBerry PRIV here. Pro Mode Camera? I prefer to have the Open Camera API so any app can get RAW from the sensor and do their thing rather than locking myself into the default camera app. I prefer Camera FV-5 or A Better Camera etc. The Snap Camera is good too. Always on display? Can set it up on my device but don't see the need when there are things such as Active Display and a lot of other options. Game tools? I don't see any problems with gaming on other Android versions so I just don't see what Samsung can add in this regard. Gear VR? Why would I want to strap my device to my face when there are dedicated VR headsets available for gaming consoles and computers? I certainly prefer to have a full headset rather than using my device as one. Call features? They could be good but carrier calling is old fashioned. I use Google Voice instead and wouldn't consider going back to carrier talk and text. Don't see any benefit with having a phone number tied to a carrier of SIM card. Having more than one for different purposes on the same device without SIM dependency is the modern way. I don't know if RR repartition Samsung devices so you have to check XDA. That brand is probably the worst when it comes to ROMs anyway and a lot of my dislike of them are related to that particular issue. Samsung is nothing more than the Big Mac of Android devices and no Gear VR or Samsung Pay (it is like having a McDonald's Pay) really change anything. A mainstream device with mainstream design with too many round edges and corners not to say fragile, batteries that wear out fast due to lower quality and fast charge (which stresses the cells heavily), a software design looking "something" , bloat ware, carrier BS such as bloat ware and also the price model, Knox and root/ROM restrictions, locked bootloadern - the list goes on and on. Mainstream degenerated art is what Samsung represents. But I know the existence of people who don't believe in freedom of choice other than the freedom of buying their Samsung from their carrier and then happily oblige and reduction imposed to them all the way down to the SIM card dependent phone number and roaming charges when they travel.;) They also consider Samsung Pay to be the best thing ever - a payment system that only work on a particular OEM. It really is like a car that require Citgo gas and is unable to run on Exxon or Esso fuel. Samsung just are the Big Mac of Android devices. There are just nothing "classy" over such a carrier mainstream brand. If you want to know what luxury are? Look at Vertu. Richard Markert A 7" device is too small. My tablets start at 10" minimum , and go to 12" maximum. Content consumption is unpleasant on anything smaller, and I barely watch anything on a display smaller than one of my 24" computer displays. Yes, you're right almost all of them are software features, but they are locked out when you put a junkrom on there. And Samsung Pay? Well, call me when Android Pay is compatible with magstripe readers. My bank still doesn't support Android Pay that I know of, either. GearVR. How shall I put this? Computer VR is currently overpriced - unless you want to go ahead and buy me a $600 headset, a pair of controllers @ $130 each, AND you still need to buy me a $1400 PC to run VR titles at an acceptable framerate, because while my laptop can still run AAA titles at high framerates and 1080p, it can't do VR that good. My GearVR cost me $50, it's a convenience thing, every VR title is locked 60fps, the graphics are "good enough" and I can even take calls from VR with my Bluetooth headphones. I don't care about Google Voice. Or any sort of data-based calling. US data networks are still too unstable and limited. I am pretty much guaranteed to be able to make a call anywhere I can see at least the tiniest bit of 1x signal, but if the data network is gone, or you used all your gigabytes, you can't make calls anymore on your preferred number. A lot of these things you say you simply "don't need" them, and that's how I feel about root. And about pretty much everything you care about. I don't do ebooks, I don't do movies or tv, I barely play basic games. I do listen to a LOT of music though, and yes a lot of it was stolen from when I was younger and stupider and didn't understand that without compensation there will be no content. Oh, and BTW, Knox is a good thing. It's how I have system-wide ad blocking without rooting, and how I can have my Secure Folder. You seriously think Vertu phones are luxury? Classy even! Vertu are tacky, garish and gaudy. "Look at how much money I have." Nothing classy about that ugly diamond-crusted turd. Look, I really don't care what your choices are. I'm glad you have the choice to find a device that makes you happy. But you seriously need to stop acting like your choice is the only choice. It's not. And I hope to god it never will be, because at that point, Android will no longer be a platform that fits my needs and I might as well go to Apple. Because you see, what fits my needs, is a device that provides me with everything I have, out of the box, without having to modify it. Samsung does that. They give me everything I want, and nothing I don't. And when the Note 8 comes out, the S-Pen is going to blast it so far ahead that there simply won't be any other phone in the running, not even the S9. I would still have my Note 7 if they would let me. Railwayman Good that you have your Samsung. Also great that you have your 10-12 inch tablets. I assume you bring them everywhere? Very is easy more elegant than a Samsung. It doesn't mean they are the best but way better looking than a Galaxy 8, which I have been tried and I just don't see any reason to get it because of the way Samsung design things. You like to be locked down to a carrier. Google Voice work perfectly well here without any network problems. If the network coverage is so bad that modern services doesn't work I rather jump to a satellite provider if I really need the ability to call from the middle of nowhere. I wouldn't get VZW and eliminate my device choice site to them being very restrictive about what I am allowed to use. Having a carrier dependent phone number is very... 1996. I just don't accept such a limitation - especially not the thing called roaming. I just switch my SIM card to a local one and continue to receive calls as usual. The beauty of GV. If you think iOS is the way to go if Grace UX would disappear I think you should get the iPhone then. It seems like out of the box is the most important aspect. I just don't know any device that has an out of the box experience even close to my requirements. Samsung is certainly furthest way from them. I just dislike their devices because of their design, software, carrier affiliation and serious restrictions. They just feel like a budget device full of carrier advertisement and bloatware. Richard Markert I disagree with you in every possible way. Yes, I do take at least my Surface 3 almost everywhere. My Z10 LTE goes when I'll want to play games or watch Netflix on a tiny screen with crappy headphones. Vertu: You say elegant, I say gaudy, tacky, trashy and fucking ugly, like most things marketed to people with more money than God and less sense than a cricket. I don't know where you live, work, play or travel, but many times a year I'm driving in places, especially the highways, that will have no data coverage. It's that simple. All your google voice hijinks mean nothing when you have -100 dBm of 1x and the mobile data network is completely unavailable. I can still make and receive calls at that point, because Verizon, but you're shit out of luck because you only give people your GV (interface is barf, btw) number. Oh, and for the record, I just flashed the US Unlocked FW to my S8, so now I have no Verizon junkware or restrictions, like my S7e before it. And yes, at this point in my life, I'm sick and tired of having to do the software developers' job for them. When I was younger I found all that rom cooking, kernel coding, smali editing, adb pushing, su manipulating stuff fun and exciting, but now all I want is a phone with the features that I want that Just Works OOB. I also feel the way you do about stock android. It's design, included software, limitations and style are not appealing. And every phone is "a carrier advertisement", and has always been that way. Until the S8, every phone came with a carrier logo if you bought from a carrier. I get what you want from a phone, I really do. You want a basic device with no features that you can add onto to do what you want. But man, you gotta stop acting like you're the Westboro Baptist Church and Samsung is the homosexual community. Railwayman Samsung is not the homosexual community, right. They are the mainstream community where everyone eat at McDonald's.:) The homosexual community is more about being different rather than following the mainstream, i.e. the opposite of Samsung (it is hard to be more Average Joe adjusted than they are...). The day I really want coverage in "every possible place" is the day I get myself a satellite phone, especially if I am to drive in remote land where I can't rely on decent carrier coverage. Your attempts to put down Google Voice is amusing. Verizon are going to shut down their CDMA network and HTC U11 is already out, with support for their LTE but not the old fashioned thing also known as 1X.:) It is also amusing that you argue that hard against vanilla Android. Did you ever consider iOS or Windows Phone? If I would dislike vanilla that much, down to a dislike for Material Design I would switch platform immediately. If I don't like the system the way its creator intended it then perhaps it isn't for me and I switch. Relying on some third party OEM to "modify it to my liking" is a bit naive. A Samsung has something that is an "Android based OS" very much like Nokia X/XL had the Android based "Nokia Software Platform". I also notice your misconception about how other devices work. My device runs perfectly well. It just... works. It has a lot of features not present on a Samsung (yes, I have used the S 8/Plus), consume 0.1% per hour in standby, provide me 12-13 hours SOT and simply do more things than any "out-of-the-box Samsung" does and do them well. Samsung make pretty simple devices, with ill designed software full of bloatware and "added value" applications and services reducing performance and increase power consumption. I would say bling. Then we have other devices offering more useful features, higher performance, lower power consumption, more elegant design and so on. What they don't offer is the marketing known as Samsung. It's a good thing, actually - it leads to better value for money. BTW, Google Voice is simply a vastly superior service compared to VZW. You can start travel (out of the US) or trying to get your texts synced into your Google account with your carrier based service... Bragging about 1X is like bragging about EDGE coverage in... 2017. "My carrier is better than yours because I have 1X service on the soon-to-be-gone CDMA network on my Samsung and it makes it so much better than using modern IP based services! I am truly modern with my Samsung! My phone number is also controlled by my carrier and I must pay roaming when I travel, which is great - more money to Verizon! Much, much better than using GV on a data plan!" The day I need "coverage out in the nowhere land" I either get the satellite phone or some burner for that very purpose (it's a case of simply routing the GV calls to that thing). I know since before that modern communication services are a bit alien to proud owners of carrier branded Samsung devices. It is hard to think outside the box - much easier to just use Samsung with branding and everything.:) Good luck with your Samsung. Consider an iPhone next time. Apple has a new one coming and it can give you some taste of what being unlocked means (buy it from Apple Store). I think it can be enlightening, especially if you try the Genius Bar as well (i.e. better service than Samsung could ever offer through the carriers). Richard Markert I get it, you're a Google and Stock Android zealot. I read maybe 3 words of your damn novel. I do want you to answer this question without a dissertation And 500 page thesis: what are you going to do when you're in the middle of nowhere in a dead sport for data and your car breaks down? Railwayman The day I know that I will be in need for 1X coverage on Verizon I get a burner phone with such support before traveling. You make it sound like it is something really and truly unique with such coverage and that your Samsung is a marvel because it offer it. Verizon just introduced a flip phone with full support for their LTE network. So it doesn't take a Samsung to get there. The only requirement I have is tethering (if the purpose is to use the device of choice) - basic talk/text will do otherwise. So no, I just don't need a Samsung even in the "1X middle of the nowhere with a broken car" scenario. If it is very important with calling in dead spots - go and check Iridium, GlobalStar or Thuraya. I would go down that route in an instant if I really need coverage in "no mans land". So no, there are no single scenario where a Samsung is "needed" for whatever reason. Everything that brand can do can be done with other brands. Simple as that. Richard Markert Why do you always write a novel? We get it, you hate Samsung like Trump hates Mexicans. Shut up already. Railwayman I don't hate that brand is overrated and hyped. Mexicans are approximately 1286 times more sophisticated and polished than any Samsung. They don't even have Knox, which is a major benefit. Now go and enjoy 1X on your Galaxy. Don't forget the grave beer when VZW down, though. derp_cookies So I agree this is a dumb move but everyone is overreacting by threatening to pirate content. This is a niche problem as less people root now, especially since Android pay won't work when you do it. So Netflix isn't any less accessible than it was before. I watch 99% of Netflix at home on my Roku. Luxferro It's not just rooting. My Nexus 6P is running stock google rom, no root, w/ just unlocked bootloader, and netflix is gone in my play store. Not that I watch TV on my phone... but my shield tv is also unlocked... so it's probably just a matter of time. Roh_Mish Dammit Netflix, you make me want to go popcorn time route. My current primary phone and my iPad are what I use to watch netflix and both of them is stock so i don't have anything to worry about but this just feels wrong. Between this and Amazon not releasing the TV app for my sony TV, which they support outside, popcorn time (and in extension piracy) just seems easier. Vivek Rameses This is why we have piracy. Miguel Angel But ...why? occono Distributors want Netflix to stop any possibility of making DRM-Free backups on the content. Railwayman Good luck with that. If it can be played, it can be recorded. As long as the Netflix content is visible somewhere a copy can be recorded so again, good luck with blocking. Mariano Moreira Even more strange is while Netflix app is removed from Playstore, Netflix VR is still.in Playstore. Manually flashing Factory Image for Google Pixel is how I get me OS updates and I choose to leave bootloader unlocked, rather than relocking every month.(which would include full wipe) So I guess they don't care about security for the few users whom might use Netflix VR with Daydream compatible device? tehboogieman I'm not familiar with the Pixel, but almost every Nexus device lets you lock without wiping all your data. Maybe that requires root though, I really don't understand the details on how it works, but hopefully you can find a way to do it. Mariano Moreira To clarify: In order for me to install Factory Image every month, I need to have Bootloader unlocked. Doing the Factory unlock will wipe the device. Locking the device doesn't wipe the device, but Factory unlocking the bootloader will wipe the device. tehboogieman Yeah, sorry I wasn't more specific. I use an app called BootUnlocker. It lets you lock and unlock the bootloader without wiping at will. Since an app can do this, I'm assuming that it can be done via ADB. Also it might only work on older devices, but maybe there's a way to replicate this action on newer devices as well Mariano Moreira I don't understand why Google is promoting Security by having the device fully-locked, yet still relies on ADB fastboot unlock/OEM Unlock commands to flash factory images? saf1927 Why are using factory images when Google provides OTA images too, and these don't require an unlocked bootloader, nor a wipe? Mariano Moreira I am using Factory Images because I can choose to only use Bootslot B this way. Bootslot A on this current Pixel and the 3 before it has the non-working mic and no working headphone jack issue. I hear the issue is resolved on newer handsets, but have not RMA'd this device yet. I need the microphone and headphone jack, so letting the phone do an OTA and move me to Bootslot A is no-go. *I have N2G47O installed on both Bootslot A and Bootslot B, currently. Only Bootslot A has the audio issue even thought the exact same Factory Image is installed. saf1927 Oh, wasn't aware of that. Did it affect all the old devices? I got mine at launch but haven't experienced the issues you describe. Is there a way to reproduce them? I normally either take the OTA or flash the OTA images via fastboot. Mariano Moreira Allegedly only 1% of devices (I just have bad luck, I suppose.) https://support.google.com/pixelphone/forum/AAAAb4-OgUsIW_gxTpXX3s/?hl=by I have posts around late November- early December on in that thread about mic/headphone jack issue My 1st device was fine until after the 2nd Update, but I had not diagnosed Bootslot A/B discrepancy. Wasn't until after 2nd Device (1st Replacement) that I have been able to always get Bootslot A to have faulty mic on my replacement devices. My Cousin and his girlfriend both have Pixel XLs. He had a dead Mic out of the box but currently neither his nor his Girlfriend's Pixel XL has mic issue. Even with forcing Bootslot A for a month of testing. I most likely have another faulty device, just this is my 4th Pixel from Google and everything is fine except Bootslot A. jdrch It's not just Netflix. The HDHomeRun Prime app doesn't work on rooted 7.0+ devices either. Jsilvermist Good to know, will no longer recommend Netflix to anyone when I'm asked... James F News flash: when you explain to most normal people why you don't recommend Netflix, they won't care, because it doesn't affect them. D13H4RD2L1V3 This is stupid. I had to root my phone to be able to hide the navbar at any time I want and also to gain better battery management controls and other stuff that I sorely wished Google had added to stock Android way sooner. And I was considering a Netflix subscription. No longer...... Sruly J I know it's not fully a solution which is "worth it", but the app Custom Navigation Bar offers the ability to hide status bar/narbar without root. Although like you said, you had other reasons to root, so... My1 yeah, I do root for theming and stuff, but srsly they literally are throwing oil in the Piracy and DRM discussions with this. Diar I pay for Netflix so I can watch the content any way I want guilt free, whether that's their app or other locations on the Internet. F their VPN blocking and DRM. If they make their app impossible to use, I just won't use it. They'll still get my money but they will lose any data/tracking since I'll still be watching their shows, just outside of their ecosystem. Dummies. ReedSolomon Between the SJW nonsense like Bill Nye, the ipv6 tunnel blocking (rather than simply defaulting to ipv4), increases in price, less and less quality content, and now this, I see little reason to keep paying for Netflix. robogo I understand Netflix' reasons, I really do - they need to protect their property and investment. But I can't really say I understand the way they're doing this. This is a good way to alienate the small percentage of power users who root their devices for various, but perfectly valid and understandable reasons. And no, this will not make me cancel my membership as long as the app works. Cancelling membership is a silly, overblown reaction to what is, in my mind, a minor nuisance. D13H4RD2L1V3 I personally just find it a dumb move. Seems like an easy way out. Dmitri Smirnov > perfectly valid and understandable reasons. And what reason would that be? Preventing people from ripping their content? Doesn't stop them in the slightest, root-detection in circumvented rather easily as well as safety net, we have PokemonGo to thank for that - a lot of people were motivated to crack it and they succeeded. > Cancelling membership is a silly, overblown reaction to what is, in my mind, a minor nuisance. Cancelling membership is valid form of feedback to the company, that trying to tell it's customers that they are not allowed to own their device that they paid their money for, if they want to watch a movie. robogo You misunderstood, it seems. A perfectly valid and understandable reason to root one's device would be, e.g. Xposed framework, theming support, tethering, backing up stuff with Titanium Backup, etc. Please read my comment once again. EowynCarter Well, if and when it stops working on my phone, what will be a major nuisance. robogo Agreed. I'll have to find another way then. But I'll deal with that when the time comes. Manbearpig I member when netflix released there app for Android and they did the same thing. I would just download the app and be good to go. After awhile though I stop rooting I miss it sometimes Cyber_Akuma I warned people when Pokemon GO of all things had a surprise update that silently added SafetyNet that this garbage was going to become more and more common. Mario RUN uses it too, and now Netflix.... soon apps everywhere are going to add SafetyNet and block rooted devices as standard practice. Google has been incredibly hostile towards people who actually want to own or have control over their devices or even their PC Software over the last few years. And over the last year google has been making SafetyNet more and more harsh, now even tripping if your BOOTLOADER is unlocked even if your phone is not rooted. Pokemon GO and Mario RUN were a small crowd, but I hope after Netflix of all things starts using it (and make no mistake, this is just the beginning) that people will finally push back against Google's hostility towards rooted users. EowynCarter Yeah. Or I might seriously consider going the iOS way. Though iOS would pose other problems. (Bye paylib) BillPosters I rooted my Android phone to get rid of the annoying camera shutter sound, and to prevent apps from stealing my contacts, and to basically take control of my device rather than letting Google run the whole show, and because of that I can't update Netflix? Good riddance Netflix. iKon I'm pretty sure you can go in the camera settings and take of the camera shutter sound?.... .. In some region-specific firmware versions or certain devices you can't do that. Railwayman There is a better solution: Declare the device a DRM free zone and use everything else. DRM to me is "Don't Restrict Me!" and an excellent reason to give certain companies the middle finger telling them to just go and F themselves. The most ironic thing here is that removing Netflix or using DRM otherwise doesn't stop piracy. On the contrary - By buying and using DRM content you get to travel in the cargo hold with no heating while the pirating consumer get first class service: more content, no restrictions, no copyright trailers or ads before the movie start and stop on. Even better: They can use whatever apps or ROMs they want. Would I unroot my device in order to get DRM content onboard? No way!!! If Netflix are so scared - block the client on Mac OS X and Windows et al. Piracy doesn't usually happen with an Android device as a source but rather computers and HDCP rippers. Another thing also to the DRM companies: Everything that can be played back can be recorded! (Good old piracy saying) Netflix out, Fusion with Exodus, SALTS and Phoenix in. Kodi with Rapier skin is much nicer than the Netflix client and Trakt integration make this way a much better one than going down the DRM route, sitting with an uprooted stock ROM and Netflix.;) TechJunkie198 ? netflix isn't scared. the studios require the drm. and netflix isn't concerned with the small percent of users who root their devices. Railwayman Doesn't matter. Go and enjoy your DRM services.;) DRM is a pest and that is why the pirating community offer a superior product. It is easier and more hassle free to just put Netflix where they belong and use Exodus et al or MovieBox or Terrarium TV and so on. To those who now consider unrooting because of Netflix: Just don't - use other services instead. Richard Markert So when everybody takes your advice and uses a service that doesn't compensate anybody in the content creation business, and all the high-quality media is gone, don't go crying about there being nothing good to steal anymore, k? Railwayman Even better: DRM and proprietary vendor lock in are scrapped and replaced by standards. If they want some kind of protection - make it device wide and linked to the account signed in so playback works in different apps - only thing needed is to call the system wide authentication system. I am against DRM and vendor restrictions. Original content without any of the BS is what the world need. Piracy is a symptom of several problematic things such as geo restrictions, root restrictions and the failed idea of the "right of no distribution" - i.e. the content exist but stubborn companies deny distribution using silly arguments. I always remove DRM from purchased content in order to have full control including the basic right of using whatever app or equipment for playback. Richard Markert Start developing the solution, and start a content creation company that can compete with the big boys when it comes to quality content. Or, you can sit around and whine online about the content creators not wanting the people who don't follow rules to play in their gated sandbox and get mad when you crawl over the fence. Railwayman I take that you like DRM and proprietary vendor lock-in. It is easy to avoid the gated sandbox so no need to whine. It is easier to just fire up Exodus rather than relocking the bootloader and flashing a stock ROM or remove SuperSU in favor of Magisk just to be able to get Netflix. DRM is such a waste of time. It's not necessary to develop a new service since the content are available DRM free already. Standards for media and books etc does exist or did you miss EPUB, PDF, AAC, MP3, MP4 and so on? Perhaps you prefer such a format as ZNO or Apple modified EPUB that only works with iBooks? saf1927 Magisk seems to do the trick. Helios What about my non-rooted OnePlus One? It's also listed as incompatible.. '-_- 天地人 Don't OnePlus devices run a custom ROM and have unlocked bootloaders? Android Developer How can they block people who root the device from installing the app? The play store doesn't have this filter. Maybe after the install they do this check? Richard Markert If you're really an Android Developer, you would know that SafetyNet is what's doing this "behind the scenes". Android Developer I'm talking about the article. They say that Netflix blocks rooted devices, and I know that this isn't an option on the developer console. Google doesn't have anything related to rooted devices there. Ezio I have about 200 original blu-ray disks, go to cinema, and I'm Netflix subscriber. Now I won't get app updates (or even worse I won't be able to use it in the future) just because I like to use my custom rom. Thank you. This is really a bad move. AdjustedFlow I thought netflix was about providing a better service than piracy. Now they're literally pushing me back to piracy. What the heck? Dany If for "root" they mean administrator privileges, don't we already have that on windows 10? So why Netflix doesn't block desktop version too? P.S. by the way...whatever man! I was using Kodi more than this crap anyway... Miku is Best Vocaloid This means Netflix won't be getting my business anymore. Paul Sterling No worries here, when you're legit. Take my money, I'm not cheap. Give me a service, I'll pay you. I don't need to rob. What am I? 13 living with my mom using Napster? Naw, grew up. Don't have any Tim foil hats. My wallet grew up too. ast00 This is a dick move that could have been avoided. If they want us to pirate their content instead, we will pirate their content. We tried doing it the legal way, but they didn't allow it. Their problem, not ours. EowynCarter Umf. **checks google play ** No longer compatible with my nexus 6 . But nexus 4 still ok. For crying out loud! I'm not rooted or using a custom ROM. Pyramid Power netflix is just losing money. it's saying to those people, 'go to thepiratebay!' RemiV2 I guess I'll just keep torrenting then. Thanks, Netflix. Lawstorant Magisk stan dex 97 new dark web premium links . also included are netfix lifetime membership links as well as graphic Live chat links (use anonymously) https://satoshibox.com/axbr7vnm6ifzk8hwtcreoe28/buy Linus Monie If you are this afraid of someone potentially fiddling around with your code, the problem is not the 'fiddler', it is your code. Netflix is a client app. If I can, with a rooted phone, fake my subscription, or somehow cause a major security issue, that is not a problem with me, that is a problem with you pushing out a vulnerable app to millions of users. Sure, it would be my fault for exploiting it, but there is no-one but you who managed to put the problem in place. A CLIENT app should not be anything but a front-end representation of an API run by your servers. The CLIENT should have nothing but a CLIENT ID to use with the API. The CLIENT should NOT be able to change JACK SHIT with the API, it should only be able to get search results, get access to encrypted streams, etc. If your client CAN change JACK SHIT (which one could assume is true, since you are so actively hiding your code) then you have a major security vulnerability... This is a problem with your code, not anyone's rooted device... Hell, you don't even need a rooted device to access the applications code, just download an APK of the app, extract it, and decompile it... Jesus netflix, get your shit straight you bendy pos... My1 I think their problem is rather that rooted users *might* be able to capture the decrypted stream using root or whatever and they are afraid of that. although on PC you have admin permissions and netflix has no problems iirc. Linus Monie Yeah, exactly, its not like people will prefer to pirate the stream on their phone (at least I wouldn't...), so that was my first thought of why they made this change. Now that I think about it though, its probably not so much of a Netflix decision as it is a licensing issue with one of their "film sources". (can't think of a better word for it rn..) Licensing issues are a bitch when you need to adapt to as many as Netflix has... My1 yeah true. pirating on phone makes (quoting austin from game theory) NO. GOD. DAMN. SENSE. I mean I dunno whether you can automate that so good and/or get it fast enough, especially with the relatively low storage, no LAN capability and so on. BahnStormer Netflix is used more on tablets and TV boxes, these tend to be used for several years longer than phones and even Google now only updates their devices for <2 years (Samsung / streamer manufacturer's do this even less!)... We HAVE to run the likes of Lineage if we want the devices to be secure! Bye bye Netflix, even Amazon Video lets us use rooted devices! jcopernicus People don't understand IP and lambast a company protecting it. Of course. My1 I have never tried but if netflix can run over a non-HDCP connection like DVI or VGA, there's literally no reason to use a phone for piracy. RemixedCat well they got rid of 5 star ratings, deleted tons of shows I was in the middle of, and the roku app is hella slow and takes 10 freakin minutes to load (by comparison my OS install from power on to desktop was 8 minutes on my samsung 850 500GB SSD!!) Tobi I'm running LineageOS on my Oneplus One to lengthen the lifespan of my device. Why must I be punished for that? I'm going back to pirating content. StankyChikin Possible that the movie industry is pushing this? SkullOne Shhhhh. Don't use logic here. It's not allowed. It's simply easier to blame Netflix and believe that they have a vendetta against the teeny tiny, itsy bitsy amount of root users out there! StankyChikin Forgive me plz lol username_not_valid This isnt about Netflix, its about its content providers. There is this notion that you can copy files and therefore pirate content if you are rooted. We all know its rubbish, Netflix probably knows its rubbish, but that doesn't change anything. If Netflix wants shows, its has to abide by its license agreements. There is really nothing Netflix, Amazon, Sky or any other streaming service can do about it. The fact that almost all pirate content comes from PCs and HDCP by-pass devices doesnt mean a thing. TedPhillips at least in practice, unlocking your bootloader/being rooted has no impact on your widevine support level. now, i'm not sure if the oem could supply a high-level drm library on a pre-rooted device, due to agreements, but modification after the point of sale is a different matter. meanwhile, keep on streaming netflix on your 'rooted' computer - gasp!~ Richard Markert >meanwhile, keep on streaming netflix on your 'rooted' computer - gasp!~ I don't even need an admin account to steal Netflix on my PC. Since the Windows 10 app and browsers BOTH work over analog, all I need is an inline box with a DSUB VGA connector and simply capture the entire output from the VGA port. My1 or use DVI if possible, even better. Valerie Frye-Preter Did they do this because of the stolen season 5 of Orange is the New Black? TedPhillips wasn't that stolen before it was available for streaming? so i don't see how it could be. TedPhillips when the device can be retroactively uncertified, as safetynet mutates over time, that's a step beyond the usual forced obsolescence of artificially short software support windows. now instead of buying a new phone every 18-24 months, it could be literally whenever they feel like moving the goalposts. Mike Hunt I don't understand. I am a Netflix subscriber, but will probably have to unsubscribe now since I bought a rooted Chinese mediabox for my TV. This sucks, as I liked and supported NetFlix's business model. Richard Markert Which box do you have? Mike Hunt One of these https://www.aliexpress.com/wholesale?catId=0&initiative_id=SB_20170514131212&SearchText=media+box+mini+m8s Brock Reed I'm not even getting the "not compatible" message, it's just not showing up at all. Ajmobileguru First DirecTV Now and now Netflix. I dont see the point. As if rooted users were pirating the streams or movies. Rooted users on non-nexus/pixel devices already were getting only 480p because of widewine crap and now this. Anunnaki This is why people switch to apps like Popcorn Time and Terrarium TV. Biga173rd Popcorn time still works? Anunnaki When I last checked few months ago, it was working. No idea about the current situation though. Biga173rd Okay Erin Andrews Oh that's easy, they block my device I cancel my subscription. Say goodbye to my 15 dollars a month. piggynuts Stopped playing Pokemon, stopped using Snapchat, next to go is Netflix. I refuse to say bye to root. BobButtons Magisk. While some say it's hit and miss with Pokemon GO (idk, I don't play it) it's never not worked for me with Snapchat/Android Pay/Mario Run. cliff_dangers Why does everyone freak out about a rooted phone but my PC which is wide open is not a problem? What makes smartphones so special? Doro Manekia ΝετΦλξ Ανάθεμα σου.Χα χα χα Το Μαααακα. Bewear I am not that upset because I rarely use Netflix on my mobile, I am upset because this kind of blocking will become a trend. BoFiS ugh, fuck you, Netflix, I pay for your serve, LET ME USE IT ON MY PHONE A.M There are some many ways around that LAME NETFLIX - Showbox Kodi Firestick with Kodi I can't see the point of Netflix when we have so MANY better apps out there that kill Netflix ErectBipedal That'll teach them filthy pirates for trying to pay us money!.... wait.... -Netflix probably Zxyon Rhysivz What could users with unlocked/rooted phones do with the Netflix app that other users can't? Loco Mole Netflix content isn't that much better these days, so if they choose to distinguish themselves by being a d*ck to consumers who care about using our devices the way we want to, then f u too, Netflix, I got plenty of other legit streaming content. Fedup Let's see... Piracy: $0.00, no ads, no DRM, no device/location/time restrictions Legit: $$$, ads out the as$, DRM limiting options, shows locked to specific devices, locations, etc. Keep on making the decision easier for us, Netflix. xyz Fortunately, the Pirate Bay is accessible from all devices and regions without any geo-blocking. berserksgangr Well, my Nexus 7 with Lineage it's not working even without root (error 9) Nick Riley This is utterly stupid! Corvus Dove Remember that time that making things more difficult for software and media pirates through DRM while possibly messing with legitimate customers paid off and prevented piracy? Me either. Asbjørn The problem here is that most users root their phone to get the updates that their OEM doesn't want to make available. If Android had proper updates, rooting would not be so necessary. Patel Nisha Root user here. How do I use Magisk for this? I have it installed and new to the Magisk(haven't had a rooted phone in a while)? Keletor Does it stop you from sideloading it? I mean really, if you are rooting your phone you most likely will find a workaround. Luxferro Not yet, but you can be sure the app will stop working in the future. Znuff The download feature is not working for me anymore. And the 5.x app is not working at all, just says I need to install the 4.x one (redirects me to the download page) Tim Get Roku tv or a fire stick cause no issues there and it isn't through Google then Biga173rd People still use Netflix? mlauzon And this is exactly how you piss off your end users! Doug Rogers I guess I'll have to unroot - whoops, Android 4.2 Awesome. Luxferro Don't forget to leave your 1 star review. Links to both apps (Android TV and the normal Android app) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.netflix.mediaclient&hl=en&rdid=com.netflix.mediaclient https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.netflix.ninja&rdid=com.netflix.ninja Yoda’s Spirit Seems they keep cracking down on anything Open internet related! The only way I can watch overseas now is using Mediahint.com - nothing else works. Luxferro Just use usenet. They are forcing their legit customers to piracy... DDS This move will not stop people from pirating their content, it will encourage it. Exactly the opposite of what they're trying to achieve. But tell that to the a**hats who control the money... Ubelsteiner And thus, Plex and Kodi become even more popular, as Netflix drives a nail into it's own coffin. Znuff http://i.imgur.com/LG3dXc4.jpg http://i.imgur.com/eNeuPCD.jpg Can not use the latest version on my device, it sends me to download the 4.x version. When I try that, the latest 4.x version has Downloads disabled for me (it used to work on this device). US Patriot No worries. I can live without Netflix, but I will NOT live without full control of my devices and data. Ricardo A. Fragoso For those who want root at all cost there's still a chance to get movies with ChromeCast Support... Google "TerrariumTV". :D You are welcome. :D Sir Doogie Houser M.D.Esq. 200 Mobile devices are now a vice.The rules,whether stringent or lenient,if there's demand,the market will fill the demand.Plain and simple.So to Mr.Gable,your wrong buttercup. Nick Coad I can guarantee you that Netflix doesn't make these choices willingly. The production companies they purchase shows off are notoriously backward when it comes to technology and unfortunately Netflix relies on them to survive. Kevin Davis So I can't update my Netflix app on my unaltered Google Store Pixel XL. FUCK YOU NETFLIX, and goodbye, you SONS OF BITCHES. Signed, a former longtime top tier subscriber, until, as of now. Once again, so there is no doubt: FUCK YOU NETFLIX, and goodbye. Sent from my Google Store Pixel XL. theinternetmakesyoustupid who the hell watches netflix on their phone.. johnforamerica Chromecast? Sledge If you have the app installed you can use the in app option to call netflix over wifi. Do this. Be heard. Don't let them continue to push back against the right to tinker. McHenryGames Main reason to root is XPosed. Screw Netflix and screw Google. Brian Both my phone and tablet are as they left they left the factory. Both are blocked form the new update, neither is rooted. Looked like they are trying to promote rival services as it is unacceptable to block legitimate users on a paying service. ED-Zが現れた! Well... Time to change my rate from 5 to 1... Thomas That's a surprising backward move from Netflix, a company that I admire and follow, not just as customer but as an engineer. I wonder if, adding up with their experimental price hike, someone with the wrong ideas got recently hired... Anderson Moreira Oliveira :-( Mason Andrew Maseda Cant use it on complely stock Android O beta. But Android Pay works. So wtf Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 108 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 149 queries | 1.287s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Business Software Mobile Network Storage Cloud & Services Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Business Software Mobile Network Storage Cloud & Services Home Cloud & Services Feature How I deleted Google from my life I realized handing over my entire life to one platform had its downsides. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Samuel Axon Contributor, PCWorld | Jun 7, 2017 3:00 AM PT Credit: Google More like this Switching from Mac to PC, Part 3: The software challenge Google Maps vs. Waze: Which should be your go-to map app? Why YouTube Music should be the future of Google's music ambitions Video Windows 10 Fall Creators Update Preview I deleted Google from my life, and I can show you how to do it, too. After being a devoted Googler for many years, I realized putting all my data on one platform had its downsides. A couple of factors in particular drove me to make a clean break. Deleting Google for privacy and security The appeal of escaping Google comes down to privacy. Google collects an alarming amount of data about you. It’s safe to say that if you’re not a paying customer then you’re the product being sold, and that’s Google’s business model.  Security goes hand-in-hand with that. I’m sure Google’s servers are closely guarded, but I still didn’t want all my data to be concentrated in one place.  To Google’s credit, the company gives you tools to opt out of the give-us-your-private-data-for-our-services game altogether. We cover the basics in these two articles: How to download your Google data so you can see what’s being recorded. How to delete your Google data to protect yourself. Deleting Google for social impact Another reason to get rid of Google is make your choice as a consumer for a healthier, more responsible media. As a working journalist, I’m acutely aware that Google and Facebook jointly dominate the media distribution and discovery landscape. With no strong competitors to Google Search in particular, Google’s algorithms hold unprecedented sway over the discourse in our society. Mentioned in this article Microsoft Office 365 Home | 1-year subscription, 5 users, PC/Mac Download $89.99MSRP $99.99View on Amazon The importance of search discovery means that publishers and journalists must write stories to match the queries typed in by readers. That means coverage is guided by readers’ preconceived notions about a news event, not by objective reporting. That’s a deeply disturbing state of affairs for any democratic society. Google outwardly seems as dedicated to responsible stewardship as one could hope, but it’s still concerning enough to merit supporting alternatives and competitors. How my Google-free experiment started When I decided to drop Google, I had just left a full-time job at a company that used Google mail and other apps. I stopped using all Google products while I freelanced. Note: If you’re an Android user, this is basically a no-go. Fortunately, I use a combination of Windows PCs, Macs, and iOS devices, so I wasn’t trapped. MicrosoftMicrosoft’s web-based Outlook email service is well-designed and not too annoying about the ads.  Everyone uses Google differently, but I focused on forgoing the services that are core to the experience: Gmail, Docs, Drive, Calendar, Maps, and Search.  Dropping Gmail was easier than expected. I tried Yahoo! Mail, but there were too many ads for my taste. The web interface for Apple Mail at icloud.com was just adequate. I found Microsoft’s overhauled Outlook web interface (and truly excellent mobile app) was the best alternative. Apple Apple’s iWork for iCloud lets you use its productivity applications and share content across devices. Instead of Docs, I tried Office 365 and iWork for iCloud. I liked them both better than Docs because I prefer native apps to web apps, and because I think both have more elegant designs—especially iCloud. Apple’s iWork for iCloud is similar to Docs in that it’s online-only, and designed for collaboration. It also has a mobile app. Office 365 will be pretty familiar to anyone who’s worked with Office’s desktop versions.  It was also pretty easy to kick Drive to the curb. Cloud storage competitors abound. I always preferred Dropbox to Drive anyway because I find that its OS X and Windows apps are better-integrated into the OS’s normal file browsing experience. Google Drive feels like it’s meant to be a place to store documents and back up files, not seamlessly augment your local storage—even though it does that in some ways.  Dropbox Dropbox’s file-sharing features are competitive and in some ways better than those in Google Docs. Google Calendar has plenty of competition. This is a more personal choice, and people can get very attached—consider the furor when Microsoft shuttered Sunrise Calendar. On the other hand, it inspired us to find third-party alternative calendars, which could also replace Google Calendar.   What didn’t go well Google I tried Apple Maps. I tried Waze. Google Maps is still the best.  I couldn’t quit everything Google offered so easily. Google Maps alternatives were a challenge. Your best bets are Waze or Apple Maps, but let’s be honest—they have nothing on Google Maps. Unlike Apple Maps, Waze has a web app, and powerful community-sourced data is its biggest selling point. But guess what? Google uses Waze’s data in Maps! So rather than gaining that feature, you’re just losing all the stuff Maps has that Waze doesn’t. Google Search rules for a reason. The only two decent alternatives I found were Bing and DuckDuckGo. Microsoft Bing is as good or better than Google in many respects, but Google’s algorithms and semantic search win hands-down. Bing is a strong competitor. Some features, like video search, are even better than what Google offers. But Bing's algorithm and the semantic search show more cracks than Google’s do. DuckDuckGo isn’t as full-featured, but it records no user data—that’s the primary selling point of the platform. Both search options were passable, but Google has nailed semantic search with a precision that no one else can touch. Back in Google's grasp I lived Google-free for five months, compromises and all. Then I was hired at a new job that required me to use Google. I considered the experiment a success, to the point that I was dismayed to abandon it at the new gig. Google has us in its grasp for good reason. Looking back at my life without it, I can honestly say some alternatives couldn’t compare. Your mileage may vary based on which services you value most. If you decide to delete Google from your life, too, let us know how it goes on our Facebook page.  To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Cloud & Services Google Samuel Axon is a Los Angeles-based writer and editor who’s spent the past 10 years covering culture, personal technology and video games. He is also the director of Playsource, a marketing services platform for indie game developers. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS The countdown is on to Ireland’s sci-tech extravaganza, Inspirefest 2017 Time running out to get your hands on Inspirefest early bird tickets Construction begins on €500m Limerick Twenty Thirty development Dave, technology and the power of people Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Uber executive fired over medical records of Indian rape victim Is your iPhone screen cracked? A quicker fix is on the way Uber culls 20 of its staff after 215 claims of sexual harassment Snap’s geofilter push Placed front and centre of business model Web Summit denies Dublin MoneyConf event linked to Enda Kenny leaving Linking the transport backbone to the future of urban mobility Google can now track your in-store purchases – it can track everything Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the smart data Fenergo’s Niall Twomey: ‘How often does IT have to say no?’ Qualcomm’s next-gen charger is fitter, stronger, faster Connecting the data dots for the future of healthcare Stripe launches Sigma to help e-commerce players analyse revenue Campaign to make Valentia Island a World Heritage Site gains momentum EU reveals €120m plan to provide free wireless internet in 8,000 public places Economic impact of Virgin owner’s European broadband network reaches €7bn Five firms win Ireland’s first 5G licenses in €78m auction Three U-turn sees roaming data limits bumped back up Death of net neutrality in America: FCC votes for internet fast and slow lanes An Irish start-up in New York: How to meet and greet the fintech elite Fintech start-up secures one of Ireland’s largest ever Series A rounds Pinterest pops a $12.3bn valuation after raising $150m Alternative finance: From crowdfunding to P2P lending Business Plan Competition has €16,000 in cash prizes up for grabs Draper Esprit armed with £160m to take tech start-ups global ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE David Puttnam steps down from role as Irish digital champion Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Hubble Space Telescope proves Einstein right by proving him wrong Is medtech the sole domain of the rich, ignoring the world’s poor? We finally know what the mysterious Wow! signal in space was Brexit taskforce finds vast majority fear for future cross-border research Jurassic Park may have been right about the T-rex after all Peekaboo: Hubble zooms in on some of the brightest galaxies Rockstart about to kick-start Europe’s largest AI accelerator in Amsterdam Fidelity’s Irish iLab team envisions the future of work through a VR lens Irish tech firm invents the future of connected cars A UK first: Police arrest suspect thanks to facial recognition tech Hyperloop One reveals nine proposed European routes stretching 5,000km The Apple of things: 8 reasons it’s all about the machines at WWDC How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS Dublin calling: Could Brexit push London’s European start-up talent elsewhere? Digital skills and thinking skills are what’s needed in our schools Here’s everything you need to know to land a career in life sciences Reach for the stars with space events in Cork throughout the summer Irish people cast shade on poor digital skills taught in schools What makes Ireland the perfect place for biopharma? The talent Feeling stuck? Here’s how to advance your tech career Jack of all trades or master of one: Which is better for coding? How to build a biopharma career in 5 easy(ish) steps Want to work in biopharma? Here’s what you need to study 9 tips to kick-start an amazing software developer career Have your team’s stress levels reached breaking point? In HR, the decisions you make can have a significant impact If you want to work with data, you need to get your hands dirty How can you find your dream career? Stay curious 5 reasons you should encourage a good work-life balance As a software engineer, problem-solving is paramount ‘The future of biopharma looks bright and promising’ 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Online gift voucher firm Smartbox bringing 100 jobs to Dublin Broadband sales deal leads to 15 new jobs across Ireland at DSM Medical device security start-up Nova Leah to create 78 new jobs Irish tech firm Netwatch to create 15 new jobs in Chicago HealthBeacon to create 20 new jobs in Dublin Do you know where your life sciences degree will take you? ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Is it a case of more funding, less women in the arts? What app did you use at Guns N’ Roses? Probably Snapchat Google: You can check out any time you like, but you can never leave Palm-sized drone, perfect for selfies – haven’t we heard this before? Should you pee on a jellyfish sting? It might not be the best idea … Smartphones ‘biggest challenge’ facing teachers, many students ‘addicted’ Ireland and rest of Europe can now ‘Snap’ up Spectacles online Google reveals new GIF maker, for journalists not in a rush Beneath the Surface: Microsoft is now making its own silicon This clever mapping tool is a must for An Post Rás enthusiasts Refurb of the Mac: Apple to ramp up processing power in new MacBooks Proposed ban on ‘unrestricted’ smartphones for kids discussed Irish animator’s video game is the first to qualify for an Oscar Another nail in TV’s coffin: YouTube to produce 7 original series this year YouTube reveals new Material Design desktop site E-sports champions will now get medals at 2022 Asian Games Well, well, well, YouTube finally gets serious about live TV Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Who are Ireland’s most-followed people on Twitter? While we were laughing at ‘covfefe’, millions of Twitter bots joined Trump’s ranks Carnage in Manchester: Social media captures horror of attack at Ariana Grande concert What is the Antikythera mechanism and why is it so important today? ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ is today’s glorious Google Doodle 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle ALL What to expect at Ireland’s sci-tech wonderland, Inspirefest 2017 ‘The skills we’re looking for are heavily digital literate’ – Dr Bernadette Doyle, GSK ‘Data is everything’ – Dr Mike Thien, MSD BioPharma Ambition: The convergence of manufacturing and care Irish exporters must start planning now to continue global growth post-Brexit Liberty IT creates an environment where people love coming to work ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT ENTERPRISE Google can now track your in-store purchases – it can track everything by Gordon Hunt 1 day ago18 Shares Google tracks ads from impressions to final sales. Image: antb/Shutterstock How much is too much? To Google, nothing, it seems, with news emerging that the tech giant can now track purchases made by people in-store, rather than just online. If you buy something in a store – a tangible store – with your credit or debit card, your bank knows what you are doing. This is not a surprise, as your monthly statement will even detail where you made a purchase. But did you know that, in the US, Google is also tracking it? Follow the paper trail Last month, the tech giant revealed that its latest analytics incorporate data from 70pc of credit and debit card transactions in the US, thanks to strategic third-party partnerships. This is a serious upping of the user-monitoring ante by Google, which has been able to track users through its Maps function for years now. Google has significant amounts of data on its users, who make up the vast majority of internet users. Through AdWords, Google Analytics and DoubleClick the company can combine data from various sources to estimate how effective online adverts are. This is important to the company, given that selling advertising is how it makes its money. So, knowing what works, where, when and with whom is key. However, one area in which Google was lacking data was how often advertising worked on people who didn’t end up shopping online, but instead visited tangible stores. This has become a huge area of interest in recent years, as more and more people browse on mobile. They’re on the go, not sitting in front of a desktop, so the potential is there for people to see something online and purchase it in-store. Google has been tweaking its offering for a while now, to help monitor this better. In 2014, Google introduced store visits measurement “to help marketers gain more insight about consumer journeys that start online and end in a store”, according to the company. Since then, Google claims advertisers globally have measured over 5bn store visits using AdWords. That’s ramping up now. International focus “Our recent upgrade to deep learning models enables us to train on larger data sets and measure more store visits in challenging scenarios with greater confidence. “This includes visits that happen in multi-storey malls or dense cities like Tokyo, Japan, and São Paulo, Brazil, where many business locations are situated close together.” Though it’s only now that actual purchases can be added to the mass of data Google uses to establish its links between ads and sales. “If you collect email information at the point of sale for your loyalty program, you can import store transactions directly into AdWords yourself or through a third-party data partner,” the company said. Add to this the fact that, in the US, Google is partnering with companies to enable it to see the vast majority of card payments in stores, and the links between ads and sales are growing ever stronger. Google claims that the data is anonymised and customer privacy is maintained. “While we developed the concept for this product years ago, it required years of effort to develop a solution that could meet our stringent user privacy requirements,” Google said in a statement. “To accomplish this, we developed a new, custom encryption technology that ensures users’ data remains private, secure, and anonymous.” Hotel Google-fornia Google’s interest in users’ activities is continually expanding, even if not all of it is to do with tracking. Sometimes, it merely wants to keep users’ attention as much as possible. Last month, it emerged that the company will roll out a new tool to allow users to keep track of hotel reviews, following a few weeks of tests in the wild. “Google is continually improving the information shown to people to help them make decisions about where to go,” said Google. “When people are searching for a hotel to stay at, we want to ensure we make it easy for people to find useful and relevant web reviews about that place to help them make informed decisions.” Third-party reviews – those from Expedia, for example – will show in a carousel for some hotel listings. According to Search Engine Land, the review overview section has a more robust interface, showing stronger colours. “The detailed review section will show a graphical user interface based on type of travel,” according to the report. Google tracks ads from impressions to final sales. Image: antb/Shutterstock Related: advertising, Google, privacy, e-commerce 66 DAYS 4 HOURS 26 MINUTES Get your early bird tickets now! Gordon Hunt is a journalist at Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Enterprise Silicon Valley giants rally around Google over server demands 15 Mar 201710 Shares Hiring Now Informing, entertaining and connecting the world Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share Be part of a globally successful team A dynamic and rapidly expanding company Working at the leading edge of IoT Companies Google could be about to make advertisers even more unhappy 20 Apr 20176 Shares Companies Alphabet exceeds expectations as the ‘dominant force in digital advertising’ 28 Apr 20173 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Companies Twitter will soon be able to follow you around more than it has before 18 May 20179 Shares Companies OK Google, did Burger King just give you a flame-grilled burn? 13 Apr 201731 Shares Enterprise Is nowhere left secure? SHA-1 collision confirmed in study 24 Feb 20177 Shares Latest News Is it a case of more funding, less women in the arts? 21 minutes ago Rockstart about to kick-start Europe’s largest AI accelerator in Amsterdam 1 hour ago In HR, the decisions you make can have a significant impact 1 hour ago Hubble Space Telescope proves Einstein right by proving him wrong 1 hour ago Is medtech the sole domain of the rich, ignoring the world’s poor? 2 hours ago Online gift voucher firm Smartbox bringing 100 jobs to Dublin 3 hours ago Fidelity’s Irish iLab team envisions the future of work through a VR lens 4 hours ago Feeling stuck? Here’s how to advance your tech career 4 hours ago Uber executive fired over medical records of Indian rape victim 4 hours ago Irish animator’s video game is the first to qualify for an Oscar 5 hours ago Irish tech firm invents the future of connected cars 5 hours ago Broadband sales deal leads to 15 new jobs across Ireland at DSM 5 hours ago We finally know what the mysterious Wow! signal in space was 20 hours ago An Irish start-up in New York: How to meet and greet the fintech elite 21 hours ago Brexit taskforce finds vast majority fear for future cross-border research 22 hours ago Is your iPhone screen cracked? A quicker fix is on the way 23 hours ago Dublin calling: Could Brexit push London’s European start-up talent elsewhere? 23 hours ago A UK first: Police arrest suspect thanks to facial recognition tech 1 day ago If you want to work with data, you need to get your hands dirty 1 day ago Jurassic Park may have been right about the T-rex after all 1 day ago Google can now track your in-store purchases – it can track everything 1 day ago Uber culls 20 of its staff after 215 claims of sexual harassment 1 day ago Medical device security start-up Nova Leah to create 78 new jobs 1 day ago Fintech start-up secures one of Ireland’s largest ever Series A rounds 1 day ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India, Pakistan get ready to join SCO — and future joint military exercises As protests spread to other MP areas, Shivraj Singh Chouhan offers farm sops Standoff over rates: RBI panel said no to meeting with Finance before review Presidential poll to be held on July 17, if needed, says CEC Nasim Zaidi On the line from Kathmandu, Charles Sobhraj: Have to undergo heart surgery, don’t know if I will survive Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Google’s Android Nougat now on over 9% devices, Android M still dominates Google’s Android Nougat now on over 9% devices, Android M still dominates Google's Android Nougat is now running on over 9 per cent Android devices across the world, based on the data posted on Google Developer Dashboard. Google posts monthly stats for its various versions of Android operating system, and Nougat still has a way to go. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Published:June 7, 2017 3:32 pm Google’s Android Nougat is now running on over 9 per cent of the devices, which is still too low for an OS that was launched last year. Related News Google Pixel phones will receive Android O update in August: Report Google will pay upto $200,000 for finding a bug in Android OS Google Chrome to block some ‘annoying’ ads starting next year Google’s Android Nougat is now running on over 9 per cent Android devices across the world, based on the data for June posted on the company’s Developer Dashboard. Google posts monthly stats for its various versions of Android, and you can see that even though Android Nougat was officially launched last year, it has just about crossed the 9 per cent mark. According to Google’s data, Android Nougat 7.0 is running on 8.9 per cent of devices, while the Android 7.1. version is running on 0.6 per cent. So yes, only a tiny proportion of Android Nougat users have gotten an update to the latest build. In comparison Android Marshmallow, which was launched in 2015 is running on 31.2 per cent devices. Android Lollipop, which was launched in 2014 is still on 8.2 per cent devices for 5.0 version and over 22.6 per cent devices for 5.1 version. Android KitKat, which was version 4.4 is running on 18.1 per cent of devices in the market, while Jelly Bean’s various versions have over 10 per cent market share. If you look at the Google’s Android OS, the market has always been fragmented, and not much has happened to end this problem. In contrast, Apple’s iOS 10 now has an 86 per cent install base on the latest version of the OS, which makes Android Nougat’s 9 per cent seem even worse. Also read: Judy malware on Google Play Store: How to check if your Android device is safe While we are seeing manufacturers launch devices with the latest version of Android Nougat, for instance the newly announced Samsung J7, J5 and J3 (2017) phones, many of the phones introduced in the market continue to run on Android Marshmallow. In India, it is fairly common for manufacturers to stick with Android M as the OS when introducing new phones, even the ones launching this year. The Android Nougat user base of just under 10 per cent does seem underwhelming, especially when you consider that Android O’s public beta is already here, and ready for use on Pixel, Nexus smartphones. More Related News Donald Trump pulls US out of Paris climate deal: Elon Musk to Tim Cook, top reactions from tech CEOs Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping service case For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Android Google No Comments. Most Read RBSE 10th result 2017 released at rajresults.nic.in, pass percentage is 78.96% 10th RBSE result 2017 announced: Where and how to check SSC result RBSE 8th result 2017 declared at rajeduboard.rajasthan.gov.in, here's how to download Pakistan beat South Africa by 19 runs (D/L): As it happened NEET 2017 results date to be announced, five things you need to know Best of Express Rahul Gandhi at Madhya Pradesh border: Farmers not given same respect as jawans James Comey testimony live updates: Former FBI director's hearing begins SportsIndia vs Sri Lanka Live Score, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India post 321/6 at The Oval OpinionIndia should utilise Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, but it must sidestep ambushes by China and Pakistan OpinionRobust intellectual property rights regime holds the key to incentivising research on medicines Buzzing Now EntertainmentFatima Sana Shaikh slut-shamed for wearing a swimsuit during Ramadan: 'You aren't a Muslim EntertainmentSamantha Ruth Prabhu and Naga Chaitanya's wedding date set. Here are all the deets EntertainmentSridevi breaks silence on rejecting Sivagami role in Baahubali: 'What's the point in talking about it' TrendingThis Indian couple married for just 20 days gets their divorce finalised after 20 years TrendingBrother ki dulhan? Younger brother pushes elder brother aside to marry the bride Top News VIDEO: Rahul Gandhi pushes Madhya Pradesh policeman, says 'how can you stop me?' Centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers: Rajnath Singh on Mandsaur violence What is Swaminathan Commission Report and how is its implementation relevant? SportsRohit Sharma-Shikhar Dhawan become most successful pair in Champions Trophy SportsIndia vs Sri Lanka Live Score, Champions Trophy SportsFrench Open Live score, women's semifinals LifestyleBJP MLC from Jammu says 'momo is a killer'; but is it really? LifestyleRani Mukerji is back and her style game is right on point TechnologyMotorola Moto Z2 Play first impressions: Worth its Rs 27,999 price tag? TechnologyFlipkart Father's Day sale: Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 21,999, but should you get it? Jun 08: Latest News India vs South Africa, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: It’s going to take a big team effort to knock over India, says Morne Morkel Indian Army deploys ‘through the wall’ radars in Kashmir Reliance Jio’s 4G VoLTE-enabled feature phones to launch soon: Report UP Board 10th result 2017 to release tomorrow: Where and how to check result India vs Sri Lanka, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Rohit Sharma stresses the on ‘importance of playing the first six overs well’                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Menu Search Jump to the content Smashing Magazine Smashing Pages: Books Tickets Shop Email Newsletter Jobs About us / Impressum Categories: Coding Design Mobile Graphics UX Design WordPressWP X Search on Smashing Magazine Search X Books eBooks Tickets Shop Jobs RSS Facebook Twitter Newsletter Search on Smashing Magazine Search Coding CSS HTML JavaScript Techniques Design Web Design Responsive Typography Inspiration Mobile iPhone & iPad Android Design Patterns Graphics Photoshop Fireworks Wallpapers Freebies UX Design Usability User Experience UI Design E-Commerce WordPressWP Essentials Techniques Plugins Themes You know, we use ad-blockers as well. We gotta keep those servers running though. Did you know that we publish useful books and run friendly conferences — crafted for pros like yourself? E.g. our upcoming SmashingConf New York, dedicated to smart front-end techniques and design patterns. Creating Better, Faster And More Optimized WordPress Websites By Brian Jackson June 7th, 2017 PerformanceWordPress 6 Comments Consumers typically have their own experiences when it comes to web hosting and their own opinions. If you search Google for reviews for any web hosting provider you’ll find dozens of results. Usually, there are a lot more negative reviews than there are positive ones. I thought I would flip that around and share some WordPress hosting challenges from the perspective of the WordPress host and how I frequently solve them. I have compiled a list of bad web practices and recommendations on what not to do on your site, based on thousands of hours of customer interactions, support tickets, and troubleshooting I experience on a daily basis. Some of these range from beginner mistakes to more complex issues. A lot of these can be the difference between having a successful WordPress site and a failure. Picking the right web host is very important. But your decision also goes hand-in-hand with educating yourself on how to best optimize your WordPress site. 1 Optimizing WordPress sites. (Large preview2) I often observe that even seasoned developers focus on what they are good at, which is building solutions and sometimes neglect or don’t have time to learn the latest optimization practices. Whether you are a WordPress user just getting started or an experienced developer, the following tips will help you create better, faster and more optimized WordPress sites. Further Reading on SmashingMag: Link Free SSL For Any WordPress Website3 WordPress Responsive Images With Art Direction4 Lessons Learned From WordPress Plugin Support5 How To Make WordPress Hard For Clients To Mess Up6 1. Switching Hosts Isn’t Always a Quick Fix Link One of the most important things people need to realize is that switching hosts doesn’t automatically fix certain problems. If your WordPress site is having code issues or compatibility problems with specific plugins, this is still going to occur no matter where you host your site. 7 Coding issues aren’t magically fixed. (Large preview8) A managed host will provide as much assistance as they can, but won’t debug an issue with a bad plugin or code for you. It is not the WordPress host’s responsibility to write PHP code, create or edit custom functions for plugins or themes, integrate or fix external services or performing website content updates. This is where you would need the assistance of a seasoned WordPress developer to dig into it and make a determination as to what the issue is. There are many places to find WordPress specific developers, such as Codeable9 or toptal10. Many hosts also have third-party agency partners and developers they can refer you to for solving these problems. If there is an issue with a specific plugin, you should also reach out to the developer yourself. 2. Live Sites are Not For Development Work Link I could say this a thousand times. Never use production (live) sites for development work! Nearly all of the major managed WordPress hosts now have staging/development environments and this is certainly for good reason. It prevents critical downtime caused by users breaking things while testing on their live site. This is typically the scenario that causes what some call the white screen of death11. If you don’t want to use a staging environment you can always test and develop locally12 using what some call a LAMP or LEMP stack. These stand for Linux, Apache/Nginx (sounds like Engine-X), MySQL, and PHP. Tools like WAMP and MAMP13 all make configurations for local development quite easy. These tools have all improved and evolved over time, but there are also other challenges and problems that arise with local development, such as the environment not exactly mimicking your live site. First of all, you have to figure out how to push your changes from local back to production without overwriting existing data or breaking your site. Depending on your setup this process might even add another layer of complexity. Other complications could also include having to mess with conflicting ports or errors from a different version of MySQL are all things that could pop up. To avoid some of these complications, I recommend using tools like DesktopServer14 and Local15, which are both built solely for the purpose of speeding up your workflow when working locally with WordPress. These include streamlined ways to push things back to production and even have additional tools and features such as WP-CLI and multisite support built right in. Having multisite support alone can be priceless as working with large local installations can sometimes be downright tricky. 16 LEMP stack. (View large version17) Staging and local testing environments can help you find problems before they break your site. 3. Not A Developer? Don’t Edit Your Code Link People that are either unfamiliar with WordPress or don’t know the basics of how code works should not be editing files. One of the most common reasons that WordPress sites go down (or see that “white screen of death”) is someone editing a PHP file directly from the appearance editor in the dashboard. Also, you shouldn’t be editing your live site to begin with as we mentioned earlier. 18 Editing code in the WordPress Appearance editor. (View large version19) A good administrative recommendation is to place the following code in your wp-config.php file, removing the edit_themes, edit_plugins, and edit_files capabilities for all users. This can help prevent users from breaking the site by hacking away at the code. define('DISALLOW_FILE_EDIT', true); Taking this process one step further, remove the functionality for clients to update themes or install plugins. Place the following code in your wp-config.php file to restrict these capabilities. define('DISALLOW_FILE_MODS', true); Note: The above code will also disable the plugin and theme file editor, so you don’t need both if you want to disable everything mentioned above. See WordPress Codex20 for more information. 4. Don’t Cut Corners on Your Themes and Plugins Link It’s understandable that you are trying to save a few bucks or cut corners, but don’t do it with your themes and plugins. WordPress might be the foundation of your site, but the themes and plugins are the glue that holds it all together. Try to stick with reputable developers when choosing plugins and look through the ratings and reviews beforehand. Look for a history of the developer providing good product support. With over 50,000 plugins in the repository21, this can sometimes be an overwhelming task, so do your research beforehand. 22 Finding a plugin in the WordPress repository. (Image credit: WordPress.org23) (View large version24) It is very common for outdated and bad themes/plugins to more easily get infected with malware, inject bad links on your site, pharma, etc. According to recently published research by WP Loop25, nearly 50% of the plugins in the repository haven’t been updated in over 2 years. That is both shocking and frightening! 26 Statistics on plugins that haven’t been updated. (Image credit: WP Loop27) (View large version28) Another thing to be on the lookout for is a third-party source that is bundling up premium plugins into one low bundled price. If you purchase these, first off, you aren’t supporting the developer, so shame on you. Second, you are relying on the 3rd party to grab the latest updates for you which is not good. Relying on updates for a bundled plugin is actually a huge problem for WordPress users who purchase things via online marketplaces such as ThemeForest. Many theme developers bundle additional plugins like Revolution Slider or Visual Composer. The problem is that when vulnerabilities are discovered29, the consumer is left waiting for an update from the theme developer, even though the plugin might have been patched the next day. This leaves a lot of sites wide open for hackers and site owners extremely vulnerable. 5. Watch Your Admin AJAX Calls Link Watch out for multiple Admin AJAX30 calls from your WordPress site and plugins that may utilize AJAX. For example, the WordPress Heartbeat API uses /wp-admin/admin-ajax.php to run AJAX calls from the web-browser. A lot of times these are un-cachable requests. High usage of this file sometimes occurs during traffic spikes, CPU load, and can bring your site to a crawl. It is almost like you are launching a distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack against yourself! 31 High admin-ajax.php usage. (Image credit: Pingdom625932) (View large version33) If there are 3rd party plugins that utilize admin-ajax.php, make certain they are doing it in the correct way. You can usually look at the HTTP POST request action and quickly determine, based on the name, what plugin might be causing it. For example, one I have seen is, get_shares_count. Which turned out to be a popular social media sharing plugin which was hammering admin-ajax.php. These simply multiply on high-traffic sites. However, AJAX does load after the page loads. So just because you see this in a speed test, doesn’t necessarily always mean it is a bad thing. It is also an interesting comparison to note the performance differences34 between admin-ajax.php and the WordPress REST API. 6. Be Smart With Ad Networks and Limit External Services Link Most high-traffic websites rely on advertising for their income. Removing 3rd party advertisements altogether is not an option. However, it is important to keep the number of 3rd party networks to a minimum and realize just how much load some of these tack onto your website. Here’s a quick comparison of how ad networks can affect your WordPress site. Test Parameters: I added three 300×250 Google Adsense ads on a development/staging site running the default twenty sixteen theme and tested the speed before and after. Before AdSense (test results35) Link First view: 1.372s load time Repeat view: 1.013s load time Here is the content breakdown by connections: 36 Content breakdown before running Google AdSense. (Image credit: WebPageTest37) (View large version38) After AdSense (test results39) Link First view: 4.103s load time Repeat view: 3.712s load time Here is the content breakdown by connections: 40 Content breakdown after adding Google AdSense. (Image credit: WebPageTest41) (View large version42) By simply adding 3 Google AdSense ads, 6 additional connections were instantly added. The WordPress site with ads is 2.7x slower than the one without. This is mainly due to extra DNS lookup times and much heavier use of JavaScript on the page. This gives you a small picture of what can happen when large-scale sites simply embeds 10 ads on a single page. No matter how fast your WordPress host is, it won’t fix delays from 3rd party ad network connections. Here is another example below taken from New Relic monitoring on a site with a massive amount of HTTP requests to external ad networks, causing a heavy load on the WordPress site. 43 Heavy load due to advertising network. (View large version44) There were so many requests that the app server failed to load at all. The site was simply unavailable trying to load all the external requests. 45 Web transactions time on app server. (View large version46) Another good example of this is with Huffington Post’s47 website. If you run a speed test on their website you will see massive amounts of HTTP requests to ad networks. This graph shows what I saw in a quick test. (speed test48). They had a load time of over 13 seconds! First view: 15.908s load time / Total HTTP requests: 221 Repeat view: 13.957s load time / Total HTTP requests: 66 However, simply removing advertisements might not be a realistic solution. Many sites rely on them for their income and livelihood. In this case, it’s important to dive deeper into your scripts and ensure they are loading in the most optimal way. You can use async49 or defer on your scripts to help prevent them from interrupting the rendering of your page loads. When it comes to performance there is always a balancing act of perceived performance50 vs. that of actual performance. Async JavaScript example: Link src="example.js" async Defer JavaScript example: Link src="example.js" defer Patrick Sexton also has another popular method for deferring JavaScript51. WordPress version 4.1 and higher has a filter52 in which you can more easily add async and defer attributes to your scripts. As a general rule, if you are relying on external services you will also want to cache the responses. Why? Because issues like the white screen of death can occur if you don’t. Every external service you add to your WordPress site should be from a trusted and reliable source. After all, if they go down, it is then affecting your entire site or business operations. If you use vanity URLs generated from your WordPress site and use them in social networks, those will cease to function as well. 7. Over Optimizing Can Hurt Your Performance Link There are thousands of articles around the web that give “tips” on how to speed up and optimize your WordPress site. But an even worse scenario is when users over optimize their websites. Yes, this happens a lot more frequently than you might think. It is common for WordPress site owners to think that by adding more of something it will double their speed. Below I’ve listed a few problem scenarios that I see on a regular basis: Trying to Cache the Cache Link Unlike typical VPS or standalone servers, a lot of managed WordPress host providers have their own caching, which is done at a server-level (like Redis or Memcache). Most providers do not allow caching plugins because this can cause all types of issues, most commonly 502 gateway errors. Trying to “cache the cache” as I call it is never a good idea. 53 Bad optimizations which makes things worse. (View large version54) Plugins like WP Rocket and Cache Enabler are great, but they are designed for servers which need additional assistance speeding up your site. Read more about object caching55, which is a popular form of server-level caching used by many today. Adding 2 CDNs = is 2x the Speed, Right? Link Content Delivery Networks56 (CDN) have been shown to greatly decrease load times and latency when serving up content across different geographical regions, but only when setup correctly. One of the most popular providers is Cloudflare. Cloudflare is technically a fully proxy service and is slightly different than a normal CDN provider as you are pointing your entire DNS over to them, not just your assets. Typically I see users add CloudFlare, and then they go add KeyCDN or MaxCDN along with it. This is usually because they read blog posts from someone recommending that they should go install this new service right away, and they simply go do it. They don’t think about their existing setup. While this combination can work in certain scenarios, typically this ends up in a giant mess. In most cases it is better to either use CloudFlare or use a 3rd party CDN provider, each of which have their own advantages and disadvantages. More SEO Plugins Doesn’t Mean You Will Dominate SERPs Link You want to dominate search engine ranking positions (SERPs) right? Well, adding 3 SEO plugins won’t help you accomplish that goal. In fact, there are a lot of compatibility issues that popup when trying to run All In One SEO, Yoast, and other SEO plugins together. Such as outputting duplicate meta tags57. Adding more plugins doesn’t mean it will improve your current SEO situation. 8. Common Performance Issues are Easy to Diagnose Link Even if you aren’t an advanced WordPress expert, common performance issues are fairly easy to diagnose. I recommend using WebPageTest58 for seasoned WordPress users as it supports the latest protocols such as HTTP/2. However, for those that aren’t as webperf savvy, then Pingdom625932 does a good job. A simple waterfall analysis60 can tell you quite a bit, such as learning if you have unnecessary redirects, missing files, too many DNS lookups or if a certain script or 3rd party ad network is bogging your site down. Take a quick glance at the performance insights and response codes and you can see where to start addressing these performance issues on your WordPress site. 61 Pingdom performance insights. (Image credit: Pingdom625932) (View large version63) 9. Modifying WordPress Core is Bad Link Plain and simple, modifying WordPress core files to make some of your code work is simply a bad idea64, especially on a live production site. Doing this can open up your WordPress site to security vulnerabilities. Unless you have an active update procedure in place (which many don’t) you will lose your modifications with each new version of WordPress that is released. Instead, you should take advantage of WordPress tools and features such as well-developed 3rd party plugins, child themes, custom post types and hooks. 10. Ensure PHP 7/HHVM Compatibility Before Jumping on Board Link PHP 7 and HHVM have been shown to be incredibly fast when it comes to boosting WordPress performance65. And of course it’s always satisfying to be using the latest and greatest, but first you need to make sure your site is compatible before simply hopping on the bandwagon. For example, If you are upgrading from PHP 5.6 to 7, you should test all functionalities of your WordPress site in a staging environment or locally to ensure there aren’t any compatibility issues. One out of date plugin you rely on that doesn’t work with PHP 7 could mean that you should wait before moving. 11. Large Sites Should Optimize Their Database Link One of the easiest ways for a large WordPress site to slow down is when the database hasn’t been optimized. Simple tasks like cleaning up old WordPress revisions or cleaning up unused tables, can help prevent some of this slowdown. However, I’ve found that a lot of older sites are still using the MyISAM storage engine in their database. Recently InnoDB has shown to perform better66 and be more reliable. A big reason is to use InnoDB over MyISAM is the lack of table locking. This allows your queries to process faster. 67 Database performance. (View large version68) You can convert your tables with just a few simple steps. Ensure you are running MySQL 5.6.4 or higher and that you always take a backup as a precautionary measure before making changes to your database. This example is using the wp_comments table. Simply run the ALTER command to convert it to InnoDB storage engine. ALTER TABLE wp_comments ENGINE=InnoDB; If you are running on a newer version of phpMyAdmin you can also click on a table, click into the “Operations” tab and change the storage engine manually. 69 Changing from MyISAM to InnoDB. (View large version70) Another easy optimization technique is to disable or modify the number of revisions you keep in your database. You can add the following to your wp-config.php to disable them completely. define('WP_POST_REVISIONS', false ); Or simply modify the number of revisions that are kept per post/page: define('WP_POST_REVISIONS', 3); I’ve seen many sites with over 200 revisions per post, which adds up very fast across large sites. Unless your host has an internal optimization in place, the default in WordPress is to store unlimited revisions. This is why it’s so important to check and verify the settings with your own eyes. If your current site has a lot of revisions already, you can run the following query in phpMyAdmin to clean them up: DELETE FROM wp_posts WHERE post_type = "revision"; If you aren’t comfortable running a query, use plugins such as WP-Optimize to help you cleanup the revisions. 12. Do You Really Need a Multipurpose Theme? Link There is a huge problem I see within the WordPress community. People go out and buy a multipurpose theme and then only utilize 1% of the theme’s features or none at all. Many see fancy sliders and attractive portfolio pages on the demos that entices them to make the purchase. But in reality, these might be things they never actually use. They could have purchased a more minimal theme and saved a ton of time on digging through confusing options and their site would be a lot faster from the onset. Many of these additional features add load time. I’m not saying all multipurpose themes are bad, in fact with a lot of customization they can sometimes run fast. Here is an example of an Avada theme that clocks in under 700ms. (speed test71) 72 Optimized multipurpose WordPress theme. (Image credit: Pingdom73) (View large version74) However, that requires a lot of knowledge and time to optimize the existing theme. For basic WordPress users, if they aren’t utilizing a lot of features a more minimal theme is the way to go. Don’t let all the shiny bells and whistles fool you. In most scenarios, fancy sliders and visual editors just slow your site down. 13. Error Log Is Your Friend Link If you know your way around your WordPress files and the wp-config.php file, then the error log is your friend. By checking it on a regular basis you can save yourself a lot of headaches and probably learn a thing too. Not many users even bother checking this before reaching out to their host for help. With a few simple tweaks in your wp-config.php file you can enable logging, which by default is saved to /wp-content/debug.log. 75 Error log is your friend. (View large version76) Enable Logging Link define( 'WP_DEBUG_LOG', true ); Output Logging on Page Link define( 'WP_DEBUG_DISPLAY', true ); See more information in the WP_DEBUG codex.77 14. Google is Here for a Reason Link You would think this is common sense by now, but Google is here for a reason folks. Don’t be afraid to Google your answer. The internet is full of solutions and tips. Within a few minutes of searching you can easily solve a majority of your issues. Typically questions like “how to change your GoDaddy DNS” or “how to use SFTP” are things that can be easily found on Google. There are great resources available online such as http://wordpress.stackexchange.com/78 and the WordPress Codex79. Not to mention the hundreds of blogs with tutorials on just about any WordPress scenario that exists. But not all of this is squarely on the shoulders of the user either. A responsible WordPress host should have an in-depth knowledge base with a good UI. Not only to cut down on their own support tickets but to help the user as well. 15. 123456 Is No Longer Acceptable Link SpashData compiles a list of the most widely used leaked passwords (over 2 million) every year. Not surprisingly, in 2015 the most popular password80 still being used was “123456 (the same as 2014).” This can be very frustrating for web hosting providers, as the bad practice of using easy to guess passwords puts the client’s WordPress site in a state of “always one step away from being hacked.” While storing passwords locally in a tool like KeePass is probably one of the safest routes, encouraging users to use services like LastPass or Passpack will at least help harden their passwords, even if they are stored in the cloud. A hashed and secured password in the cloud is always much more secure than using “123456.” 16. Scripts Don’t Always Need to Load Sitewide Link Unfortunately, unlike a static website which you have more control over, when it comes to WordPress many are at the mercy of the plugin and theme developers. Let’s be honest, not all developers care about performance. There are a lot of plugins that simply load their scripts on all pages even though it might only be used on one. If you multiply this by 35+ plugins you can end up with a lot of unnecessary bloat that slows down your site. One example of this can be seen with the popular Contact Form 7 WordPress plugin. As shown below, it is loading it’s CSS file on the homepage of our dev site, as well as it’s JavaScript file. Even though I’m not utilizing any contact form. 81 Script loading sitewide. (View large version82) There are a few easy ways to get around this. The first is to utilize a function which was introduced in WordPress 3.1 called wp_dequeue_script()83. This allows you to remove an enqueued script from your site. Here is an example of how to utilize the function84 with Contact Form 7. The Contact Form 7 developer also has some documentation on how to load the JavaScript and CSS only when necessary85. Another easy way to prevent certain scripts from loading on specific pages and posts is to utilize a WordPress plugin like Gonzalez86 or Plugin Organizer87. Here is an example below on our dev site with the Gonzalez plugin. There are easy one-click options to disable the Contact Form 7 CSS and JavaScript files sitewide, per page/post, or only enable in a specific place. Generally, only loading Contact Form 7 on your “Contact Us” page would be the best for performance. 88 Disable scripts per page. (View large version89) Conclusion Link There is a reason why WordPress is used by over 28% of all websites90 on the internet. And that is because it’s a very robust, easy to use and feature rich content management system (CMS). Everyone from stay at home bloggers to fortune 500 companies rely on it every day. Just like with most platforms, if it isn’t properly used or optimized it can turn into a big headache very quickly. By correcting some of the common issues and mistakes I’ve seen from WordPress users above you can ensure happier visitors, better conversion rates, lower bounce rate and even improved search engine rankings. It is important for the WordPress community as a whole to help educate each other on better performance and development practices as the web continues to evolve. (mc, vf, ms, il) Footnotes Link 1 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/wordpress-host-large-opt.png 2 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/wordpress-host-large-opt.png 3 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2016/06/free-ssl-for-any-wordpress-website/ 4 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2016/09/responsive-images-in-wordpress-with-art-direction/ 5 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2016/06/lessons-learned-from-plugin-support/ 6 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2016/07/how-to-make-wordpress-hard-for-clients-to-mess-up/ 7 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/code-large-opt.png 8 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/code-large-opt.png 9 https://codeable.io/ 10 https://www.toptal.com/wordpress 11 https://codex.wordpress.org/Common_WordPress_Errors#The_White_Screen_of_Death 12 https://developer.wordpress.org/themes/getting-started/setting-up-a-development-environment/ 13 http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2011/09/28/developing-wordpress-locally-with-mamp/ 14 https://serverpress.com/ 15 https://local.getflywheel.com/ 16 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lemp-stack-large-opt.png 17 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/lemp-stack-large-opt.png 18 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/wordpress-appearance-editor-large-opt.png 19 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/wordpress-appearance-editor-large-opt.png 20 https://codex.wordpress.org/Editing_wp-config.php#Disable_Plugin_and_Theme_Update_and_Installation 21 https://wordpress.org/plugins/ 22 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/wordpress-plugin-repository-large-opt.jpg 23 https://wordpress.org/plugins/ 24 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/wordpress-plugin-repository-large-opt.jpg 25 https://wploop.com/old-outdated-wordpress-plugins/ 26 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/wordpress-plugins-not-updated-large-opt.png 27 https://wordpress.org/plugins/ 28 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/wordpress-plugins-not-updated-large-opt.png 29 https://www.themepunch.com/products/old-revolution-slider-pre-4-2-vulnerabilty-explained/ 30 https://kinsta.com/blog/admin-ajax/ 31 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/high-admin-ajax-usage-large-opt.png 32 https://tools.pingdom.com/ 33 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/high-admin-ajax-usage-large-opt.png 34 https://deliciousbrains.com/comparing-wordpress-rest-api-performance-admin-ajax-php/ 35 https://www.webpagetest.org/result/161207_A5_98FR/ 36 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/content-breakdown-large-opt.jpg 37 https://www.webpagetest.org/result/161207_A5_98FR/ 38 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/content-breakdown-large-opt.jpg 39 https://www.webpagetest.org/result/161207_VG_9B59/ 40 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/ad-network-content-breakdown-2-large-opt.jpg 41 https://www.webpagetest.org/result/161207_VG_9B59/ 42 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/ad-network-content-breakdown-2-large-opt.jpg 43 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/external-ad-network-1-large-opt.png 44 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/external-ad-network-1-large-opt.png 45 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/external-ad-network-2-large-opt.png 46 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/external-ad-network-2-large-opt.png 47 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/ 48 https://www.webpagetest.org/result/161208_H7_61C7/ 49 https://www.keycdn.com/support/prefer-async-resources/ 50 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2015/09/why-performance-matters-the-perception-of-time/ 51 https://varvy.com/pagespeed/defer-loading-javascript.html 52 http://matthewhorne.me/defer-async-wordpress-scripts/ 53 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/facepalm-large-opt.png 54 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/facepalm-large-opt.png 55 https://www.scalewp.io/object-caching/ 56 https://www.incapsula.com/cdn-guide/what-is-cdn-how-it-works.html 57 https://wordpress.org/support/topic/can-one-use-both-all-in-one-seo-and-yoast-plugin-at-the-same-time/ 58 https://www.webpagetest.org/ 59 https://tools.pingdom.com/ 60 https://kinsta.com/blog/pingdom-speed-test/ 61 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/pingdom-insights-large-opt.jpg 62 https://tools.pingdom.com/ 63 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/pingdom-insights-large-opt.jpg 64 http://websynthesis.com/dont-hack-wordpress-core/ 65 https://make.wordpress.org/core/2015/09/10/wordpress-and-php7/ 66 http://dimitrik.free.fr/blog/archives/2015/12/mysql-performance-revisiting-innodb-vs-myisam-with-mysql-57.html 67 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/database-large-opt.png 68 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/database-large-opt.png 69 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/innodb-large-opt.png 70 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/innodb-large-opt.png 71 https://tools.pingdom.com/#!/eaL5Ny/http://arizonamri.com 72 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/avada-theme-fast-large-opt.jpg 73 https://tools.pingdom.com/#!/eaL5Ny/http://arizonamri.com 74 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/avada-theme-fast-large-opt.jpg 75 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/log-file-large-opt.png 76 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/log-file-large-opt.png 77 https://codex.wordpress.org/Debugging_in_WordPress 78 http://wordpress.stackexchange.com/ 79 https://codex.wordpress.org/ 80 https://www.teamsid.com/worst-passwords-2015/ 81 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/contact-form-7-loading-sitewide-large-opt.png 82 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/contact-form-7-loading-sitewide-large-opt.png 83 https://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/wp_dequeue_script 84 http://orbitingweb.com/blog/prevent-cf7-from-loading-css-js/ 85 https://contactform7.com/loading-javascript-and-stylesheet-only-when-it-is-necessary/ 86 https://tomasz-dobrzynski.com/wordpress-gonzales 87 https://wordpress.org/plugins/plugin-organizer/ 88 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/disable-scripts-per-page-large-opt.png 89 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/disable-scripts-per-page-large-opt.png 90 https://w3techs.com/technologies/details/cm-wordpress/all/all PerformanceWordPress ↑ Back to top Tweet itShare on Facebook Brian Jackson Brian has been working with WordPress for the past 10 years and helps develop two premium WordPress plugins. He is the Director of Inbound Marketing at Kinsta, and resides in sunny Scottsdale, Arizona. 6 Comments 1 Marc June 7, 2017 2:31 pm Thanks for the article. Had lots of different topics to think about. Just one part was a little frustrating and that was the tips were so broad and uneven it was a little hard to read. To me this was aimed at junior developers so I’m not sure if this format would be the best for them. Going from php7 to dev environment, to plugins, to code editing to weak passwords, then to suggest using google all seemed a little bit of a mishmash. Reply 1 2 Matt Rittman June 7, 2017 3:02 pm Thanks so much for the writing this article! Lot’s of useful information here. Especially the bit about scripts loading sitewide… found some plugins on my site that don’t need to load on every page. Thanks again! Reply 2 3 Luke Cavanagh June 7, 2017 6:38 pm You can use Cloudflare with MaxCDN. https://www.maxcdn.com/one/tutorial/how-to-use-cdn-with-cloudflare/ Reply -3 4 Haseeb June 7, 2017 7:29 pm It is a good read for developers as well. Thanks for the article. Reply 1 5 Sajal June 8, 2017 3:41 am Thanks for such a great article with lots of information. It will help WordPress community to achieve their goals. Reply 0 6 Muhammad Saqib Sarwar June 8, 2017 10:16 am Brian, Thanks for this informative article. I am concerned about your point related to logging. As I believe file operations like writing to a log file takes server resources and slows down request processing. So it is not recommended to enable it on production site. It can be enabled temporarily to diagnose a certain problem but not more than that. Although it is fine to keep it enabled permanently On development and staging installations. Reply 0 Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Click here to cancel reply.Your message You may use simple HTML to add links or lists to your comment. Also, use <pre><code class="language-*">...</code></pre> to mark up code snippets. We support -js, -markup and -css for comments. Your name Your email ↑ Back to top Search on Smashing Magazine Search Become a sponsor! Smashing Newsletter Subscribe to our email newsletter for useful tips and valuable resources, sent out every second Tuesday. Please provide us with your email address: Subscribe Smashing Book 5: "Real-Life Responsive Web Design", our playbook to master all the tricky facets and hurdles of responsive web design. Gorgeous hardcover with 584 pages. The eBook is included. Free worldwide shipping. Get your book now! Today, too many websites are still inaccessible. In our new book Inclusive Design Patterns, we explore how to craft flexible front-end design patterns and make future-proof and accessible interfaces without extra effort. Hardcover, 312 pages. Get the book → Meet the new Sketch Handbook, our brand new Smashing book that will help you master all the tricky, advanced facets of Sketch. Filled with practical examples and tutorials in 12 chapters, the book will help you become more proficient in your work. Get the book. We are proudly hosted on Media Temple Dedicated Servers. Performance matters. Smashing Job Board Startup Seeking Programmer - TunePipe - (Santa Monica, CA) - Freelance We're two guys - an established marketer and a web designer building a website platform for musicians on Wordrpess MU. Looking for a talented, creative... Interactive Art Director / Team Lead - Prototype - (Dubai, UAE) - FullTime We are looking for a interactive art director with the passion to tell stories, push digital boundaries and translate ideas into content, user interfaces and digital... View more job openings… Meet us in SmashingConf New York and learn about Atomic Design, DevTools, Persuasive Design, performance, and more. Taking place on June 13-14. With Brad Frost, Sara Soueidan, Umar Hansa, Yuko Shimizu, and others. Get your ticket now! With a commitment to quality content for the design community. Founded by Vitaly Friedman and Sven Lennartz. 2006-2017. Made in Germany. ✎ Write for us – Contact us – Datenschutzerklärung – Impressum.
We're Sorry eNCA does not support the browser you are using. Please update Internet Explorer to version 11 or higher, or download and install the Google Chrome browser No thanks I'll take my chances ... click here to view eNCA.com in this browser. 14 °C 0 °C Johannesburg, South Africa 19 °C 3 °C Pretoria, South Africa 12 °C 5 °C Cape Town, South Africa 22 °C 12 °C Durban, South Africa 25 °C 10 °C Mbombela, South Africa 10 °C -2 °C Bloemfontein, South Africa 23 °C 6 °C Polokwane, South Africa 14 °C 8 °C Port Elizabeth, South Africa 17 °C 8 °C East London, South Africa 12 °C 0 °C Upington, South Africa 16 °C -1 °C Mahikeng, South Africa Change City Johannesburg Pretoria Cape Town Durban Mbombela Bloemfontein Polokwane Port Elizabeth East London Upington Mahikeng Newsletters News Stream TV Guide Blog LIVE UPDATES: Knysna fire Story Recovery uncertain after SA dips into recession Story WATCH: 'Covfefe' meets Trump Top Stories Video Radio South Africa Africa World Money Sport Technology Life Opinion Weather Interviews Podcasts Comment Now! Apple unveils new Homepod speaker to challenge Google and Amazon Technology Wednesday 7 June 2017 - 11:06am Apple's new HomePod speaker. Photo: AFP SAN JOSE – Apple's new HomePod speaker may be music to the ears of its loyal fans, but how much it can crank up volume in the smart speaker market remains to be heard. Apple unveiled its long-awaited HomePod at its annual developers conference taking place this week in the heart of Silicon Valley, enticing lovers of its products with a high-end offering in a market dominated by lower-priced devices from Amazon and Google . Analysts are yet to be convinced that HomePod will rock the smart speaker market the way iPhones came to rule the smartphone world and iPods dominated MP3 players. "If we are comparing this to Apple's past successes, it doesn't fit that model," said analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group. "This product is much more of a me-too offering." READ: Apple to expand Siri, unlike Amazon's Alexa There was no overwhelming differentiation in HomePod, according to the analyst. But he saw a big negative -- it is more expensive. HomePod, infused with machine smarts by Siri digital assistant, will be priced at $349 when it begins shipping in December in the United States, Australia and Britain. HomePod will take on Amazon Echo and Google Home, which have momentum in the arena of voice-controlled speakers capable of controlling smart appliances, fetching content from the internet and more. Amazon sells Echo devices for $179, and smaller "Dot" versions for $50. Google sells Home for $180, promoting the smart speakers with discounts.   HomePod's tune Apple played up the rich speaker quality of HomePod, and synched it with the company's music service that boasts 27 million subscribers. Apple vice president Phil Schiller said the company's Siri team tuned the virtual assistant as a "musicologist" that learns the tastes of listeners and gets songs from the internet cloud. The speaker has the "power to rock the house," according to Schiller, and the aim is to make HomePod a voice-commanded assistant for news, messages, weather, traffic, home controls and more. "Apple's base should like it, because they are committed to the ecosystem," Enderle said of HomePod. "If you are paying the extra money because Apple is requiring you to do so to access your stuff, that is the Apple tax and it is the kind of thing that people don't like." HomePod combined elements of Echo and Sonos smart speakers, known for rich sound quality, according to Reticle Research principal analyst Ross Rubin. READ: Amazon makes first drone delivery  Apple lovers already tend to be "premium product buyers," and may not flinch at paying more for what they believe is a superior quality product, said Gartner analyst Brian Blau. Just a glimpse Blau suspected Apple only gave a glimpse at its vision for HomePod, noting its potential to be a command center for smart houses and to mesh with iPhones, iPads, online services and more. "We have to imagine there is going to be more there," Blau said. "Is it going to be an Echo killer? A Google Home killer? We are going to have to wait and see. Apple be saving some insights into HomePod for later this year when it is expected to unveil a tenth-anniversary edition of the iPhone. Since HomePod will not hit the market until December, it is unlikely to catch much of the year-end holiday shopping wave and post big sales this year, according to Blau. "I think, over time, they are going to do just fine in this category but it is going to take a while," the analyst said. "I don't think it will be the next iPhone," Blau said of HomePod, "but, Apple could gain share and be a leader." In a blog post Technalysis Research founder Bob O'Donnell depicted Apple's latest product news as an affirmation that the company has not fallen behind competitors and is working to take advantage of potentially exciting new technologies. But O'Donnell also expressed scepticism on Apple's ability to dominate this new segment. "Yes, some songs may sound pleasing, but for true audiophiles who actually want to hear what the artist and producer intended, Apple's positioning of the HomePod as super high-quality speaker is going to be a very tough sell," O'Donnell said in a blog post. AFP Comment Now! Discussion Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES Apple Music sets August 8 as new release date for 'Carpool Karaoke' 31 May 2017 Corden will appear in the Apple Music series with basketball superstar LeBron James and actor Will Smith, according to Apple's statement. Rare Apple-I disappoints at German auction 20 May 2017 One of only eight working models in the world, the machine fetched 110,000 euros ($125,000), well below the expected 180,000-300,000 euros. Apple Invests $200 Million in iPhone Screen Glass Maker Corning 12 May 2017 Apple announced earlier this month that it would invest $1 billion into U.S.-based manufacturing company Corning,that has been supplying Apple with glass for 10 years. Trending 1WATCH: FinMin at centre of alleged Transnet corruption, says Malema 2LIVE UPDATES: Knysna fire 3DEVELOPING: Strong winds hamper rescue efforts in Knysna 4Malema briefs media on Gupta email saga 5Three year old boy dies in Knysna fires Full coverage Extreme weather in SA Three-year-old boy dies in Knysna fires State capture - the Gupta link? Malema to haul 'corrupt' Transnet board members to court Terror in London UK arrests three as footage of London Bridge attack appears online The Clinch - SA's Extreme Fighting The Clinch TV - Soldierboy picks The Punisher over The Iron Lion View All Cartoon Currencies Commodities JSE Indices US Dollar 12.8821 -0.0266 GB Pound 16.6405 -0.0251 Euro 14.4522 0.0232 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. ICE Brent Crude $ 48.2 -3.54 Gold $ 1279.3 -0.86 Platinum $ 940 -0.63 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. FTSE/JSE Top 40 45785.4 -0.05 FTSE/JSE All Share 52020.09 -0.19 FTSE/JSE Resource 10 30443.56 -0.17 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. SECTIONS Top Stories South Africa Africa World Money Sport Life Technology Opinion SHOWS #Africa Against All Odds BackChat CheckPoint eNCA Afrikaans eNCA isiZulu eNews Direct eShibobo Judge For Yourself Maggs on Media Meet the Media with Eusebius Mckasier Moneyline The Justice Factor The Clinch Week In One ABOUT About Contact Jobs News Team Privacy Policy Press Releases Licensing Discussions Policy Advertise on eNCA.com WATCH US ON DSTV 403 e.tv africa eNews Direct eNuus Kyknet FOLLOW US ON Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feeds © 2016 eNews Channel Africa. All rights reserved NEWS STREAMclose View All News Stream 0 eNCA.com would like to send you push notifications. Notifications can be turned off any time in your browser settings. Yes, please. No, thanks. You have been registered for browser notifications Click here to find out how to turn notifcations off in browser settings. Close
X SORRY, No RESULTS FOUND LOAD MORE Technology notification hi, my dashboard profile setting logout sign in / sign up Home News Apps Science And Future FOR YOU Trending Google Has A Course That Teaches Kids How To Deal With Trolls And Online Scams Using Games Home News india world sports weird Technology News Apps Science And Future Lifestyle self style who we are travel food Entertainment bollywood celebscoop hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Sports Videos Trending Home > Technology > News Google Has A Course That Teaches Kids How To Deal With Trolls And Online Scams Using Games Gwyn D'Mello June 07, 2017 Google has launched an educational program designed to teach children on how to be safe online, and also how to be civilised netizens. Called ‘Be Internet Awesome’, it has a classroom course and fun video games to teach safe password habits, raise awareness on scams, and discourage trolling and cyberbullying. Google partnered with various teachers, YouTube content makes and internet safety and literacy organisations to develop the course, all of which has been made available online for free. While the program teaches concepts relevant to people of all ages, it’s designed primarily to teach young kids. Aside from the various quizzes supporting the lesson, this is demonstrated by the custom-built game ‘Interland’ with various levels designed to reinforce the lessons in the curriculum. A “Be Internet Awesome Pledge”  that students can sign, encourages them to avoid negative behaviour online, letting kids know it’s not okay to bully strangers on the Internet. A game here called 'Kind Kingdom' reinforces that lesson, using a Mario-like platforming puzzle where you collect hearts and then dole them out to “Internauts” who need love and appreciation. You also take action to block bullies from torturing other Internauts, as well as using a special loudspeaker collectible to report them and remove them entirely. Kind Kingdom Another section teaches how to build a strong password, with the help of a game called ‘Tower of Treasures’. In this Temple Run-styled game, you avoid obstacles to collect all the lowercase, uppercase, and special character symbols you need to build a password, and secure the kingdom before the hacker gets in. Tower of Treasures The program also children how to recognise a scam or phishing scheme, with ‘Reality River’. In this game, you attempt to cross a river by answering questions like “What is a phisher?” and “How do you know a website is safe?”. It’s a simple multiple choice series, with each correct answer creating a platform that lets you progress further across the river. Reality River Lastly, Be Internet Awesome also talks about more tangential topics, like how much of your personal life is okay to share on social media. Specifically, the section doesn’t just talk about the dangers of your putting your personal details out for anyone to see, but what are the best practices with posting on social media so you don’t embarrass your employers, or yourself, in future. This is supported by a game called ‘Mindful Mountain’. It’s a spatial awareness puzzle where you have to bounce information off mirrors to share it with the right people, and avoid others. Mindful Mountain Don't Miss 81 YO Palestinian Man Studying Hard To Give His High School Exams Proves It’s Never Too Late Internet Loses It Over Dangal Girl Fatima's Pic, Trolls Her For Wearing Swimsuit During Ramadan 5K SHARES Reliance Jio Helps India Rank 15th In World, Above UK And Canada In Terms of 4G Availability 10.2K SHARES Indian American Scientist Raja Chari Just Got Selected For The Next NASA Mission 2.1K SHARES Hey There OnePlus 5, We've Seen You Somewhere Before Haven't We? 2.6K SHARES Google says their program is compliant with standards set by the International Society for Technology in Education, a certification awarded to programs that promote computer and Internet  skills. Of course, we can’t really judge the effectiveness of this training program if included in school curriculum, but it certainly can’t hurt to try out. If nothing else, you can find all the material you need here, in case you want your kid to try it out at home. PROMOTED STORIES BOLLYWOODUNION 10 Expensive Bollywood Films Which Turned Out To Be Flops Milaap She lost her first child to the same disorder Viral Vacation Ideas Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A SocialDaft! 21 richest actresses of the world Milaap Help this mother who is lost her baby! CrazyFreelancer 15 most beautiful women in the world just in Science And Future Here’s Where ISRO’s Most Important Recent Satellites And Missions Currently Orbit In Space Partner 839 SHARES Forever Tired? Don’t Worry Millennials, We Have The Perfect Way To Recharge Your Body News 181 SHARES Apple Is About To Make It Much Easier And Faster To Fix Your Broken iPhone Screen Apps 1K SHARES WhatsApp Will Soon Offer You A 5-Minute Window To Edit Or Recall Your Sent Messages Invest in your dream home in India GODREJ PROPERTIES News Here's Why You Must Think Twice Before Posting On Twitter, Facebook During An Emergency Partner 1.1K SHARES 6 People Who Show That Age Is No Bar When It Comes To Your Dreams News 118 SHARES Twitter Exploit Allowed Anyone To Tweet From Any Account Without Having To Know The Password News iOS 11 Sports A Smarter, More Natural Siri & 9 Interesting Features Hitting Apple's Next Big OS In conversation with Sam Jain. State Farm Insurance News Salman Khan Cautious About His 'Being Smart' Android Phone Launch, Analysts Remain Optimistic How To 216 SHARES Better Safe Than Sorry: 13 Common Ways To Secure Your Phone, PC & Yourself To Stay Safe Online Gadgets Meet the HomePod, Apple's Smart Home Hub That Threatens To Take Down Google Home & Amazon Echo Science And Future 421 SHARES Scientists Have Discovered A Scorching Hot Planet That Features A Unique Comet-Like Tail My Son may not live to see his 2nd Birthday! Milaap   YOU MAY ALSO LIKE india Gurugram Horror: After Being Gang Raped In Auto, Helpless Victim Travelled In Metro With Her... Sanjay Yadav 52.7K SHARES india 23-YO Woman Gang Raped By Three Men, Her Baby Dies After Being Thrown Out Of Auto In Gurugram Sanjay Yadav 48.2K SHARES india After Beef, Now A BJP Leader Wants Momos To Be Banned, Claims They'll Kill You Bobins Abraham 21.1K SHARES Ad Actresses who rejected roles opposite the Khans BOLLYWOODUNION india Police Arrests All Three Accused Of Gang Raping A Woman And Killing Her Baby In Gurugram Indiatimes 16.5K SHARES india CNN 'Congratulates' Indian Origin Girl Who Won The Prestigious Spelling Bee With Racist Remarks Shewali Tiwari 29.9K SHARES india Indian Scientist Develops Bulletproof Jacket For Indian Army At One-Third Cost Of Imported Ones Ei Samay 25.5K SHARES Ad Top 15 Cleanest Beaches in Florida Viral Vacation Ideas celebscoop Nawazuddin Siddiqui’s Kids Give Versova Beach A Makeover, Help Clean 160 Tonnes Of Garbage Garima Satija 35.7K SHARES india Keep It Green: Kerala Will Ban Use Of Plastic Plates During Wedding Ceremonies Bobins Abraham 9.4K SHARES celebscoop Paresh Rawal Expresses Desire To Work In Pakistani Shows, Calls Indian Shows 'Boring' Isha Sharma 17.4K SHARES Ad Grow your business. Reach targeted audience COLOMBIA OUR NETWORK MensXP iDiva Luxpresso Whats Hot SPECIALS #GIRF2017 #Budget2017 #FitIT #SelfieExpert Pollution Today Stories That Matter 2016 #PunjabDrugCrisis #Error377 Go For Gold #FRONTLINES Indianama Panama Papers ABOUT US KNOW IT Trending Topics Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS get app Stay UPDATED with all that's buzzing and trending with indiatimes App! FOLLOW US ON other sites News - TOI CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider Gizmodo Lifehacker Gaana Techradar WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Femina Property Speaking Tree Copyright © 2017 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business Comment Uber fires 20 over ugly scandal. Will Silicon Valley's rockstar CEOs heed the warning signs? Tech giants need to treat their workforces with respect James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Wednesday 7 June 2017 09:15 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Whole world in his hands? Uber chief Travis Kalanick has to step up the company’s game for it to stay ahead of the pack Reuters Silicon Valley executives are the rock stars of the business world. Bright, young and filthy rich, they’re often found in the same places as celebrities these days. Who’s next up for a guest spot on The Big Bang Theory?   The trouble is they’ve taken to behaving like celebrities – spoiled ones. And you can’t do that in corporate life because it’s not just about you. Executives set the culture for the organisations they run, and if they behave badly, it almost guarantees that there will be people in the business who will take their cue from that, and do worse.  Which brings us to Uber, an aggressive, hard-charging company that has revolutionised the taxi industry, but has for a long time looked as if it needs to do some growing up. It has encouraged a risk-taking culture. But some of its people have been taking the wrong kind of risks with their co-workers.  Read more Uber fires 20 in harassment probe, with more cases under investigation Uber and Lyft face investigation over public nuisance claims Uber slammed for ‘surge pricing’ after London terror attack To be fair, Uber finally seems to have worked that out. Firing 20 people, some quite senior, in the wake of an ugly scandal over sexual harassment, bullying and a corporate culture that Nero might have found almost homely.  Still more have been put into training (possibly ramming home, “this is a human being, who works for you, you do not own them”?), while others have had final warnings issued. It follows the drafting of law firm Perkins Coie to review more than 200 claims. The results of some of those are still pending.  Eric Holder – he served as attorney general under Barack Obama – has also been appointed to take a wider look at the company’s corporate culture. You’d hope he’d have a word in the shell like of chief executive Travis Kalanick while he's at it. Something along the lines of this might do the trick: if you’re snotty with your drivers the chances are you’re going to get filmed, so for goodness sake be nice to them. It wouldn't hurt you to tip them heavily. They might even put it up on Twitter!  As part of a shake-up, Uber has even hired two women to senior roles, Frances Frei, a Harvard business school professor, will oversee “leadership” and strategy, working alongside HR head Liane Hornsey, who started in January. Bozoma Saint John, a marketing whizz from Apple, is expected to work on humanising the company’s grotty public image. Tough gig.  “We take this seriously,” is the obvious message Uber is trying to put out at a time when issues with employees are far from the only problem it’s having to deal with.  Rivals have been tailgating, and while the scandals dogging the company haven’t stopped it from generating huge revenues, they’ve used them to get closer to its bumper. Legal problems over the way “self-employed” drivers are treated have cropped up around the world, including in the UK. There’s also the small matter of a trade secrets legal battle with Google’s owner Alphabet over the tech used for self-driving cars.  The revenues are still flowing but the business impact of all this should not be underestimated, and while Ms Saint John’s skills will come in handy, the company needs to show it’s willing to institute meaningful changes and to make them stick long after the mess has been cleared up.  Business picture of the day 28 show all Business picture of the day 1/28 UK General election 2017: Pound sterling hovers near two-week high as voters take to the polls The pound traded near a two-week high against the dollar on Thursday morning, as the first voters took to the polls in the UK’s general election. Sterling was recently trading little changed against the dollar at around $1.2955, not far off its $1.2970 peak hit on Wednesday, which was the currency’s highest level since 25 May. Reuters 2/28 UK car production slumps by nearly a fifth in April as timing of Easter bites - Thursday May 24 UK car manufacturing plummeted by almost a fifth in April, as the timing of Easter ate into the number of production days in the month. Reuters 3/28 Marks and Spencer reports slump in profit hurt by clothing sales and cost of new food stores - Wednesday 24 May High street stalwart Marks and Spencer has reported a more than 60 per cent fall in pre-tax profit in the year to the end of March, hurt by a decline in clothing sales and higher costs from opening new food stores. Pre-tax profit came in at £176.4m for the year, while sales were broadly steady at £10.6bn. Food revenue was up 4.2 per cent. Reuters 4/28 Apple named world’s most value company in tech-dominated Forbes ranking - Tuesday 23 May Tech behemoth Apple has been named the most valuable brand in the world for a seventh consecutive year. The highly-regarded ranking, compiled by Forbes magazine, puts the iPhone makers’ brand value at $170bn, a 10 per cent increase on figure for 2016 and well ahead of second-placed Google, whose brand value has risen $19.3bn from last year to just under $102bn, according to Forbes. Tech peer Microsoft nabbed third spot, with a value of $87bn, followed by Facebook at $73.5bn. Consumer goods giant Coca-Cola rounds out the top five with a value of $56.4bn. Reuters 5/28 Diamond ring bought for £10 at car boot sale expected to fetch £350,000 at auction - Monday 22 May A large, diamond ring is expected to fetch £350,000 at auction 30 years after its owner paid £10 for it at a car boot sale, thinking it was a costume jewel. The “exceptionally-sized” stone was presumed not to be real because 19th Century diamonds were not cut to show off their brilliance like today's gems. And so the owner, unaware of its value, wore it for decades, while doing everything from the shopping to the chores. PA 6/28 $110 Basquiat sold by Family who bought it for $19,000 - Friday 19 May Jean-Michel Basquiat’s painting of a skull sold for $110.5 million at Sotheby’s in New York, setting an auction record for American artists and providing a windfall for the daughter of two collectors who purchased it for $19,000 in 1984. Getty Images 7/28 Peppa Pig owner Entertainment One announces 117 new episodes - Friday 19 May The company that owns the Peppa Pig brand has announced that it is producing 117 new episodes for the popular children’s cartoon. The new series will air from spring 2019 and take the total number of Peppa Pig episodes to 381. Getty 8/28 Property tycoon who banned 'coloured people because of curry smells' faces legal action - Thursday 18 May A buy-to-let tycoon who banned “coloured people” from his properties “because of curry smells” is facing legal action brought by the equality watchdog. Millionaire Fergus Wilson, who reportedly owns close to 1,000 properties in Kent, sent an email to a local letting agency informing them of the ban. Commission chief executive, Rebecca Hilsenrath, said: “We have asked the court if it agrees with us that Mr Wilson’s lettings policy contains unlawful criteria and, if so, to issue an injunction. “As this is now formal legal action we will release further information at a later date.” Gareth Fuller/PA 9/28 Nestlé foiled by Cadbury as it loses bid to trademark KitKat bar - Wednesday 17 May KitKat-maker Nestlé has been foiled again, after a UK Court of Appeal ruled that the consumer goods giant cannot trademark the shape of its popular four-fingered chocolate bar. The ruling is the latest in a long running legal battle between the Swiss-based company and its rival Cadbury. Nestlé argues that the KitKat’s shape is “iconic” and should be protected by law but Cadbury objects. On Wednesday, the Court of Appeal ruled in favour of Cadbury, dismissing the claim. iStock 10/28 Yorkshire is the best region in the UK for workplace happiness - Tuesday 16 May The best region in Britain for workplace happiness and satisfaction is Yorkshire and the Humber, according to new research. London only managed to make it to number five for happiness and came bottom for work satisfaction, according to research commissioned by recruitment agency Robert Half. The findings may give pause for thought to many workers in the capital putting up with sky-high property prices in the hope of landing their dream job. 11/28 Andy Murray funds company behind world's first foldable bike helmet - Monday May 15 He may be almost unbeatable on the tennis court, but how will Andy Murray fare in the world of investing? On Monday, a company that claims to make the world's first folding bike helmet announced that the tennis pro was one of more than 400 individuals who had helped it raise nearly £700,000 on crowdfunding platform Seedrs. Morpher’s bike helmets fold and unfold, meaning that they can easily be slipped into a bag when not in use, catering to cyclists who find normal helmets cumbersome to carry around. Morpher 12/28 Morrisons will sell 'wonky avocados' for just 39p from Monday as demand hit record levels - Friday May 12 Morrisons will start selling deformed avocados at a third of the average cost of normally-shaped ones as growing demand and reduced harvests from major producers has pushed up prices in recent weeks. The supermarket said on Friday that it would start selling the misshapen and superficially blemished fruits for 39p each or £2.40 a kilogramme in the majority of its stores across the UK starting from 15 May until the end of the summer. Morrisons claims that its offer is the cheapest on the UK market and compares to an average retail price of £1.05 apiece, which is up from 98p last year. Morrisons 13/28 Unilever develops technology to prevent billions of plastic sachets from entering into oceans - Thuesday 11 May Unilever, the consumer goods giant behind brands such as Dove, Ben & Jerry’s and Marmite, is making a big push toward more sustainable packaging. The company sells billions of products in single-use sachets each year, including cosmetics and food products, particularly in developing and emerging markets. It says that it has now developed new technology to recycle them, which will prevent packaging from ending up in our oceans or in landfill. Through a system called CreaSolv Process, the plastic from the sachets will be recovered and then used to create new ones for Unilever products – creating a full circular economy approach. Unilever 14/28 Euro hits a six-month high after Emmanuel Macron’s French presidential victory - Monday 8 May The euro hit a six-month high against the dollar on Monday and US stock futures briefly touched a record high after Emmanuel Macron won the French presidential election, easily beating anti-EU rival Marine le Pen. Reuters 15/28 Princess Charlotte's John Lewis cardigan from birthday photo sells out - Tuesday 2 May A knitted yellow John Lewis cardigan adorned with pictures of sheep has sold out after Princess Charlotte was photographed wearing the item, prompting a surge in demand from British parents wanting to dress their offspring like the young royal. John Lewis confirmed that the clothing item sold out online shortly after the photograph was published, although a coordinating prink dress, selling for £10 on the John Lewis’ website, was still available on Tuesday morning. HRH The Duchess of Cambridge via Getty Images 16/28 Dubai becomes first city in world with own Microsoft font - Monday 1 May Dubai has become the first city in the world to get its own front, the government announced on Sunday. The type face, simply called “Dubai Font”, comes in both Arabic and Latin script and will be available in 23 languages. It was created in partnership with Microsoft and is now available to Microsoft Office 365 users around the world. Getty 17/28 Donald Trump administration loses trade battle over tuna as WTO lets Mexico hit US with sanctions - Wednesday April 26 The US has just lost a major trade battle with Mexico and it revolved around tuna. On Tuesday, the World Trade Organisation ruled that Mexico is allowed to impose $163m (£127m) a year in sanctions against the US on trade in tuna, ending a years-long dispute. The clash, which dates back to 2008, centred on the US insisting that any Mexican tuna sold in the US must have a ‘dolphin safe’ guarantee, meaning that no dolphins were killed by fishermen catching the tuna. Reuters 18/28 Luxury brand LVMH to snap up Christian Dior for £10bn - Tuesday 25 April French billionaire Bernard Arnault moved to consolidate control over Christian Dior for about €12.1bn (£10.3bn), folding the fashion house’s operations into the LVMH luxury empire in one of his biggest transactions. Rex 19/28 Euro and shares rally after Emmanuel Macron wins first voting round of French election - Monday 24 April The euro briefly surged to a five-month high against a basket of currencies late Sunday after centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron won the first round of a hotly contested French election vote, an outcome broadly considered the most market-friendly. Immediately after the vote, the euro surged to $1.0940, its highest level against the dollar since November last year, before retreating to around $1.0869. Reuters 20/28 Barbie out of fashion as Mattel slumps - Friday 21 April Mattel shares took a hit after the world’s largest toy company reported a much worse than expected sales slump dragged down by poor demand for key brands such as Barbie and Fisher-Price. Shares in the company dropped 6 per cent to $23.70 (£18.50) in after-hours trading in New York on Thursday after the toymaker reported a loss of $133.2m or 33 cents per share for the three months to 31 March. Barbie sales, which begun to recover last year after the toymaker introduced new dolls with different body types and skin colours, slipped again with gross sales down 13 per cent compared to a year ago - their second consecutive quarter of decline. AFP/Getty 21/28 Government to sell Green Investment Bank to Macquarie in £2.3bn deal - Thursday 20 April The British Government said on Thursday it would sell Green Investment Bank to a consortium led by Macquarie Bank in a deal worth £2.3bn. The British Government set up GIB, which backs green projects with public funds, in 2012 as a commercial venture to spur private investment in green projects. It has invested more than £2bn in projects such as offshore wind farms and waste management. The Government decided to sell a majority stake in 2015, saying it would give the bank more freedom to borrow, remove state aid restrictions and allow it to attract more capital. AFP/ Getty Images 22/28 Snap election threatens Government plan to finally lower energy bills - Wednesday 19 April Energy customers face further delays from government in dealing with with soaring bills, MPs heard on Wednesday. Business secretary Greg Clark accused companies of “flagrant mistreatment” and “milking” their customers in a “broken” market, but insisted the snap general election announced by Theresa May on Tuesday meant he would “have to reflect on the timing” to lay out his long-awaited plans for a crackdown. Getty/iStockphoto 23/28 Pound sterling surges as Theresa May calls for 8 June general election - Tuesday 18 April The pound surged against the dollar on Tuesday to its highest level since last December after Prime Minister Theresa May said she wanted a general election on 8 June. When Ms May announced she wanted a new national poll, at around 11.05am, the pound instantly jumped, climbing to $1.2765 by the end of trading, up 1.62 per cent on the day and the highest since 13 December. It was also sterling's biggest one day jump since March 2016. 24/28 China's first quarter growth beats expectations - Monday 17 April This aerial photo taken on April 12, 2017 shows farmers working in the fields in Yangzhou, in eastern China's Jiangsu province. ina's growth stabilised in the first quarter thanks to rising investments and a recovery in exports. cording to an AFP survey of 16 economic analysts, the gross domestic product expanded 6.8 percent in the first three months of this year Getty Images 25/28 Rome’s Trevi Fountain generates €1.4m for city’s charities in 2016 - Thursday April 13 Rome’s Trevi Fountain was a veritable cash cow for the Eternal city’s charities in 2016, according to new data. The charity Caritas said this week that tourists tossed €1.4m (£1.2m) into the baroque fountain last year, helping to subsidise a supermarket for Rome’s needy Andreas Solaro/AFP/Getty Images 26/28 Pret and Paul offer discount to customers who bring their own coffee cup - Monday April 10 French bakery group Paul and sandwich chain Pret a Manger will begin offering discounts to customers bringing in their own reusable cups, yielding to pressure from environmental groups concerned about the mountains of cardboard waste generated in the UK each year. 27/28 Doritos, Coco Pops, Peperami among latest products to be hit by shrinkflation - Thursday April 6 Bags of Doritos, packets Peperami and boxes Coco Pops have become the latest treats to shrink in size as retailers passed on surging costs from the Brexit-hit pound and rising commodity prices. 28/28 Cuban family making their own wine brand using condoms - Wednesday April 5 family wine business in Cuba is thriving thanks in part to an unconventional item being added into the fermentation process – condoms. As a result of the US trade embargo and other inefficiencies of Cuba's economy, thousands of basic household items are inaccessible to Cubans meaning that sometimes a little creativity is required to get the job done. At El Canal, a winery in Havana, Orestes Estevez and his family fill glass jugs with grapes, ginger and hibiscus, before securing a condom over each glass jug Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. AP In the meantime, the rest of Silicon Valley, a place not exactly famed for the diversity of its workforce, should take note. Uber is hardly alone in occasionally forgetting that its employees are human beings who deserve to be treated with respect.    Its troubles might just have afforded some of its peers the opportunity to quietly take a careful look at their own policies and practices. Before they become Uber 2.0.  The rockstars of the Valley need to play a new tune. But do they have songwriting talent to write the music?   More about: Uber Travis Kalanick Silicon Valley Sexual Harassment Bullying Reuse content Comments Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Science & Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Pixel phones expected to receive first official Android O update in August If the speculation turns out to be true, Google will release the official Android O update for Pixel phones in the first or second week of August. Kukil Bora   June 7, 2017 14:47 IST A new Google Pixel XL phone is displayed at the new Google pop-up shop in the SoHo neighborhood on October 20, 2016 in New York City.Spencer Platt/Getty Images Although Google had rolled out beta versions of the upcoming Android O operating system for Pixel and Nexus devices weeks ago, the company is yet to release the final version of the new OS to the public. Now, if a new report is to believe, users won't be able to get their hands on the upcoming OS until later this summer. Google, which is known for releasing new versions of Android towards the year end, is expected to roll out the official Android O update for Pixel phones in the first or second week of August, AndroidPolice's David Ruddock, citing a "reliable source." The new OS, which will be released as an OTA (over the air) to Pixel handsets, is also expected to be made available to all compatible Nexus devices around the same time. If Android O is indeed released in August, the announcement of the Pixel 2 could be delayed for another month or two, according to Phonearena. However, as Ruddock himself said, release dates are always subject to change due to unexpected issues. Therefore, it's better to take this with a pinch of salt. The official OTA to Android O for Pixel will likely drop in the first week or two of August. A bit earlier than Nexuses / Nougat last year. — David Ruddock (@RDR0b11) June 6, 2017 Google had announced its first developer preview version of Android O back in March with numerous feature improvements. According to the company, the new Android O platform upgrade will bring Fluid Experiences and Vitals. Fluid Experiences promises to introduce new features aimed at enhanced productivity for the user such as Notification Dots, Picture-in-Picture, Smart Text Selection and Autofill. Vitals, on the other hand, will boost the battery backup time and also offer speed boosts to handsets with lower specifications while running Android O. According to the latest Android distribution numbers from Google, Android 7.0 Nougat – the most recent major Android version – is now installed on 9.5 percent of all active Android devices. However, the platform is dominated by Android 6.0 Marshmallow and Android 5.0 Lollipop, accounting for 31.2 percent and 30.8 percent of the overall distribution. The numbers were based on data collected during a 7-day period ending on June 5. Android distribution numbers from Google.developer.android.com Post Comment IBT TV Close Inside Yandex, the Russian tech company that claims to be better than Google Why advertise with us? Latest News Moto Z2 Play vs iPhone SE vs OnePlus 3T vs Galaxy A5 (2017): Comparison 21 minutes ago By Raymond Ronamai How much will OnePlus 5 cost in India? It's tipped to be the most expensive OnePlus phone ever 1 hour ago By Sami Khan Why advertise with us? most popular IPhone 7 Plus or OPPO R11? No, it's the OnePlus 5 With only a few days to go, OnePlus 5's purported official render has leaked online. When will your phone get Android 8.0 O update? Android 8.0 O update will come to OnePlus 3, OnePlus 3T, Nokia 3, Nokia 5, Nokia 6 and several other popular handsets. Reliance Jio helped India rank 15 in global 4G availability, but at the expense of lower average speed Reliance Jio's nationwide launch of 4G services in September attracted 100 million LTE subscribers in six months, according to OpenSignal's latest State of LTE report. 5 simple yet awesome features in Apple's iOS 11 for iPhone and iPad Features like Type to Siri and One-handed keyboard mode in Apple's iOS 11 for iPhone and iPad were not mentioned at the WWDC 2017. OnePlus 5 release date announced; What we know so far about OnePlus 3 series heir OnePlus will host the OnePlus 5 launch event in New York later this month, and also hold a pop-up exhibition to showcase the OnePlus 3 series successor directly to fans in some cities. Oops! Amazon just confirmed key OnePlus 5 feature and it's mind-boggling Amazon India is prepping for the big launch of OnePlus 5 set for June 22. IDad: Make father's day special with a super cheap iPhone 6 If you want to see that million-dollar smile on your dad's face on Father's Day, here's a gift suggestion you can't get wrong. Samsung unveils 2017-series Galaxy J7, J5, J3 Samsung's new 2017-series Galaxy J7, J5, J3 will be released sequentially, one product a month, between June and August in global markets. Photo Gallery Jio Filmfare Awards: Naga Chaitanya reveals date of his wedding with Samantha Jio Filmfare Awards: Actor Naga Chaitanya reveals date of his wedding with actress Samantha. Naga Shaurya and Sai Pallavi's Karu first look poster is out The first look of Sai Pallavi & Naga Shaurya's much-awaited Karu has been released on Thursday, June 8, at 5 pm. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies After ICJ verdict, plea in Pak SC for early execution of Kulbhushan Jadhav Business Standard New Google programme may help kids fight trolls and internet safety issues Programme includes sections on how to limit sharing personal information, avoid falling for scams IANS  |  San Francisco  June 7, 2017 Last Updated at 14:34 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWRfCI Google ALSO READ Asus AR set to be the first Tango-, Daydream-enabled smartphone New Google Earth Virtual Reality to take you to any address in the world Connecting all the world's robots may drive 2017's top technology trends Zuckerberg questioned at trial over technology of virtual reality One reason staffers quit Google's car project? They were paid too much Technology giant Google announced a new educational programme, designed to teach children about internet safety issues such as phishing, internet harassment and passwords, the company said in a blogpost. The programme -- called "Be Internet Awesome" -- includes a classroom curriculum and a video game called Interland. "For kids to really make the most of the web, we need to provide guidance as they learn to make their own smart decisions online," Pavni Diwanji, Vice President of the Engineering for kids and families, said in a Google blogpost on Tuesday. "With school out and summer break giving kids more time to spend on the Internet, it's a great time to introduce Be Internet Awesome: a new way to encourage digital safety and citizenship," Diwanji added. The programme includes sections on how to limit sharing personal information with people online, avoid falling for scams or phishing attacks, creating strong passwords, and avoiding negative behaviour online as well as has a "Be Internet Awesome Pledge" that the students can sign. Interland, the accompanying video game, seems less like a training tool and more like a sweetener that could get students interested in the material. Interland also uses a low-poly aesthetic that will be familiar to Daydream virtual reality (VR) users. The programme was developed in collaboration with online safety experts like the Family Online Safety Institute, the Internet Keep Safe Coalition and ConnectSafely. It includes a range of specific resources for kids, educators and parents, so everyone has the tools they need to learn and participate in the conversation. The programme is compliant with International Society for Technology in Education standards, awarded to programs that promote a range of tech-savvy skills, said theverge.com on Tuesday. "Be Internet Awesome" is the latest in Google's string of educational programmes, which range from promoting Chromebooks in the classroom to offering virtual reality field trips through Google Cardboard. Read More On Google Programme | Daydream Virtual Reality | International Society For Technology | Google Cardboard | International | Companies PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New Google programme may help kids fight trolls and internet safety issues Programme includes sections on how to limit sharing personal information, avoid falling for scams Programme includes sections on how to limit sharing personal information, avoid falling for scams Technology giant Google announced a new educational programme, designed to teach children about internet safety issues such as phishing, internet harassment and passwords, the company said in a blogpost. The programme -- called "Be Internet Awesome" -- includes a classroom curriculum and a video game called Interland. "For kids to really make the most of the web, we need to provide guidance as they learn to make their own smart decisions online," Pavni Diwanji, Vice President of the Engineering for kids and families, said in a Google blogpost on Tuesday. "With school out and summer break giving kids more time to spend on the Internet, it's a great time to introduce Be Internet Awesome: a new way to encourage digital safety and citizenship," Diwanji added. The programme includes sections on how to limit sharing personal information with people online, avoid falling for scams or phishing attacks, creating strong passwords, and avoiding negative behaviour online as well as has a "Be Internet Awesome Pledge" that the students can sign. Interland, the accompanying video game, seems less like a training tool and more like a sweetener that could get students interested in the material. Interland also uses a low-poly aesthetic that will be familiar to Daydream virtual reality (VR) users. The programme was developed in collaboration with online safety experts like the Family Online Safety Institute, the Internet Keep Safe Coalition and ConnectSafely. It includes a range of specific resources for kids, educators and parents, so everyone has the tools they need to learn and participate in the conversation. The programme is compliant with International Society for Technology in Education standards, awarded to programs that promote a range of tech-savvy skills, said theverge.com on Tuesday. "Be Internet Awesome" is the latest in Google's string of educational programmes, which range from promoting Chromebooks in the classroom to offering virtual reality field trips through Google Cardboard. IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 New Google programme may help kids fight trolls and internet safety issues Programme includes sections on how to limit sharing personal information, avoid falling for scams Technology giant Google announced a new educational programme, designed to teach children about internet safety issues such as phishing, internet harassment and passwords, the company said in a blogpost. The programme -- called "Be Internet Awesome" -- includes a classroom curriculum and a video game called Interland. "For kids to really make the most of the web, we need to provide guidance as they learn to make their own smart decisions online," Pavni Diwanji, Vice President of the Engineering for kids and families, said in a Google blogpost on Tuesday. "With school out and summer break giving kids more time to spend on the Internet, it's a great time to introduce Be Internet Awesome: a new way to encourage digital safety and citizenship," Diwanji added. The programme includes sections on how to limit sharing personal information with people online, avoid falling for scams or phishing attacks, creating strong passwords, and avoiding negative behaviour online as well as has a "Be Internet Awesome Pledge" that the students can sign. Interland, the accompanying video game, seems less like a training tool and more like a sweetener that could get students interested in the material. Interland also uses a low-poly aesthetic that will be familiar to Daydream virtual reality (VR) users. The programme was developed in collaboration with online safety experts like the Family Online Safety Institute, the Internet Keep Safe Coalition and ConnectSafely. It includes a range of specific resources for kids, educators and parents, so everyone has the tools they need to learn and participate in the conversation. The programme is compliant with International Society for Technology in Education standards, awarded to programs that promote a range of tech-savvy skills, said theverge.com on Tuesday. "Be Internet Awesome" is the latest in Google's string of educational programmes, which range from promoting Chromebooks in the classroom to offering virtual reality field trips through Google Cardboard. IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
BizReport.com | IT Research Library | Free Magazines | Jobs about us | ad info Subscribe to BizReport Receive our email newsletter with breaking news, in-depth reports & interviews: Get our RSS feed Search BizReport News by Topic Marketing Advertising Search Marketing Email Marketing Loyalty Marketing Mobile Marketing Social Marketing Viral Marketing Trends & Ideas Internet Marketing 101 Beyond Marketing Blogs & Content Domain Names E-commerce Internet Law & Regulation Research White Papers Magazines Jobs BizReport : Advertising : June 07, 2017 Google's 'Funding Choices' gives publishers way to monetize ad blockers A new tool has been developed by Google that will give publishers the ability to provide their website visitors with a choice over how content is paid for. by Helen Leggatt Google's new tool, 'Funding Choices', hopes to strike a balance between ad blocking and charging for access to content. It hangs off a recently relaunched version of Google Contributor, which allows Internet users to buy an 'ad removal pass'. A per-page fee is deducted and paid to the website. As each publisher will set their own price, it is not yet clear how much it could cost Internet users. Publishers using the tool will be able to display ad-free content to Internet users that pay for the experience. The tool enables the publishers to restrict access to content when and Internet user elects not to disable their ad blocking software. "As part of our efforts to maintain a sustainable web for everyone, we want to help publishers with good ad experiences get paid for their work," said Google senior vice president for ads and commerce Sridhar Ramaswamy in a company blog. "With Funding Choices, now in beta, publishers can show a customized message to visitors using an ad blocker, inviting them to either enable ads on their site, or pay for a pass that removes all ads on that site." The tool is being made available in five countries initially - including the U.S., U.K., and New Zealand - with more to follow later in the year. News in your inbox Tags: ad blocking, online, publisher Tweet No Comments Email to a friend Print this article Subscribe to BizReport Please enter your e-mail here: Email this article to: Your email address: Message (optional): More articles from this category Survey finds emailers struggling to prioritize | June 08, 2017 Expert IDs most-needed start-up tools | June 08, 2017 Expert: How merchants can add RCS options | June 08, 2017 Ad Roundup: Releases for video, data | June 07, 2017 More Stories on Related Topics Advertising Latest Headlines Survey finds emailers struggling to prioritize Expert IDs most-needed start-up tools Expert: How merchants can add RCS options Study: Virtual Assistants pushing ecommerce Ad Roundup: Releases for video, data The employees at-risk for phishing schemes Biggest stressor in U.S. workplace is fear of losing jobs to AI, new tech Retailers continue to miss the mark with email frequency, relevancy More... Featured White Papers The AdRoll Guide to Account-Based Marketing Personalize your marketing to convert your highest-value accounts.... BizReport Research Library Download the latest marketing research & free white papers Ad Networks Email Marketing Search Marketing Website Analytics Ad Serving Search Engines Viral Marketing Website Development Most Popular White Papers BizReport.com | IT Research Library | Free Magazines © 1999- BizReport. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer http://www.bizreport.com/2017/06/googles-funding-choices-gives-publishers-way-to-monetize-ad.html     Copyright © 1999- BizReport. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of BizReport content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent. BizReport shall not be liable for any errors in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon.
Advertisement Home News Mobile PC & Tablet Operator Apps Gaming TV & Audio Accessories Home appliance Camera Digital Compare Mobile PC & Tablet Reviews Mobile PC & Tablet Apps TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories Gaming First Cut Gallery Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories Videos Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories App Web Gaming Product finder Mobiles Tablets Laptop Camera Tv Refrigetator forum Recharge Top 5 Mobile Pc & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera How To Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera App हिन्दी Home » News » Mobile » Googe Pixel to get Android O update in August: Report Googe Pixel to get Android O update in August: Report By: Rohan Pal, The Mobile Indian, New Delhi Last updated : Wednesday, June 07, 2017 - 13:39 Google Pixel will receive the latest update by the first or second week of August. Google Pixel is reported to be the first device to receive the final Android O update in August this year. If the latest leak is to believe then Google Pixel will receive the latest update by the first or second week of August.    According to a Tweet by David Ruddock from Android Police, the Pixel and Pixel XL will get the latest Android version through an OTA (over the air) update. The information comes from a reliable source, as per tipster’s claim. However, the release dates might be subjected to change due to some unforeseen reasons, he added. Therefore, we suggest you take this report with a pinch of salt and wait for some official confirmation.    Google has already rolled out the Android O Beta Program or eligible Pixel and Nexus devices including Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Nexus Player, Pixel C, Pixel and Pixel XL. Devices that you opt-in to the program will receive an over-the-air (OTA) update to the latest beta version of Android O.    To recall some key features of the latest Android O, it can be broadly classified into two categories namely ‘fluid experiences’ and ‘Android vitals’. The fluid experience caters to all the interesting features, which include the much-awaited picture-in-picture mode through which one can manage two tasks simultaneously. So, for example, one can minimise a YouTube video while sending a text message or writing an email.   Under interesting feature is the Notification dots, which are basically tiny chat heads for notifications. The user can long-tap on a Notification Dot and it will preview the notification, and one can swipe to dismiss, drag down to see the full notification or tap to open the app. The dots will extract the colour from the icon, making it easier to distinguish between different notifications.   Other than this, there is smart text selection, which uses machine learning to copy/paste, to let Android recognise entities like addresses, URLs, telephone numbers, and email addresses. Then there is Autofill with Google that simplifies setting up a new device and synchronising passwords by bringing Chrome's Autofill feature to Android. Google Pixel Google Pixel Android O Android O Android O features Android O update Google First Published : Wednesday, June 07, 2017 - 13:39 Advertisement Similar News Google Opinion Rewards now available in India: Here’s what you need to know Google Assistant is now on iOS: Here’s what it can do and what it can’t Google I/O 2017: Top 5 things Google will launch soon Google I/O 2017: Everything you need to know about Android O Google to introduce a new standalone VR headset at I/O 2017: Report Google Pixel 2 codenamed ‘Taimen’ spotted on Geekbench with 4GB of RAM Advertisement Hot Trend on TMI Xiaomi Mi Note 3 render leaked, shows curved display HTC U11 to launch in India soon Oppo F3 Plus gets a price cut of Rs 3,000 Deal Alert: Apple iPhone 6 is now available at Rs 21,999 from Flipkart Moto Z2 with Android Nougat, Snapdragon 835 spotted on GeekBench Motorola Moto Z2 Play with Android 7.1.1 Nougat, Moto Mods support launched in India, price starts at Rs 27,999 Advertisement Advertisement Product Finder Advertisement FOLLOW US ON Facebook Twitter Google Plus Youtube How To on TMI How to find your lost smartphone in India How to enable YouTube's built-in Dark Mode How to use your Android smartphone camera as webcam How to bring back the old WhatsApp Messenger: Step-by-Step Guide How to enable Google Assistant on your Android smartphone Latest on TMI 01 Asus Launches PowerMaster App for Zenfone 3 Max series 02 Xiaomi Mi Note 3 render leaked, shows curved display 03 HTC U11 to launch in India soon 04 Motorola Moto Z2 Play vs OnePlus 3T: Who will come out strong? 05 Oppo F3 Plus gets a price cut of Rs 3,000 The Mobile Indian Latest Mobiles Sony Xperia XZ Premium Rs.59990 Yu Yureka Black Rs.8999 Samsung Galaxy S8+ 6GB Rs.74990 Panasonic Eluga I3 Mega Rs.11490 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 32GB Rs.16990 Samsung Galaxy J5 Prime 32GB Rs.14900 Advertisement   Know Us About Us Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Articles News Reviews How To Top 5 Device Finder Mobiles Tablets Laptop Camera TV Refrigetator CONTACT US Contact Us Copyright © 2017 the mobile indian.
