Saturday, June 10th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: ENTER OUR ANNUAL FATHER'S DAY CONTEST Cavs avoid elimination 12:12 a.m. Sat Salinas knocks out Vargas 11:57 p.m. Fri Encarnacion homers as Tribe wins 11:16 p.m. Fri Marlins pound Pirates 10:55 p.m. Fri Selective admission driving YSU's upward enr... 10:55 p.m. Fri 3 break-ins leaves Bessie Jackson, 81, stea... 10:55 p.m. Fri all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home Japanese company is buying Boston Dynamics | Print Tweet Published: Sat, June 10, 2017 @ 12:00 a.m. Associated Press TOKYO Japanese internet, solar and technology company SoftBank Group Corp. is buying robotics pioneer Boston Dynamics from Alphabet Inc., Google’s parent. Terms of the deal, announced Friday, including when it might close, were not disclosed. Tokyo-based SoftBank, which offers the chatty childlike Pepper companion robot, said the purchase underlines how robotics is a key part of its business. Boston Dynamics makes various robots, including Big Dog and Spot, which are complex machines that walk and trot on four legs. Another is Atlas, which walks on two legs like a human. Atlas has arms and can open doors and lift items. Some were designed for military purposes. Under Friday’s deal, SoftBank is also buying from Alphabet a company called Schaft that develops biped robots. Schaft’s roots are in a research lab at the University of Tokyo. Pepper has expressive arms but wheels for legs and does little more than sing songs and answer basic questions, and can’t do any heavy lifting. Often it fails to understand even simple speech and will keep asking you to repeat sentences. Speculation had been growing recently that Google might want to sell Boston Dynamics. Alphabet said it remains committed to robotics, such as connecting human-like motor skills, including hand-eye coordination, to machines so they can process images, speech, text and draw pictures. It is also interested in research on helping robots learn from what they “experience,” Alphabet said in a statement. Other stories of interest OIL AND GAS PRODUCTION By the numbers BUSINESS DIGEST || 1Q Valley oil, gas production down year over year Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
Search for: Home Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Home Mobile What Happens When Google Doesn’t Think Your Address Exists What Happens When Google Doesn’t Think Your Address Exists By Josh Smith Posted on 09/27/2011 A common concern for many Internet users is that giants like Google know too much about them. This is a valid concern, but recently I ran into the opposite problem — Google didn’t know enough about me. Specifically Google didn’t think that my address existed. This may sound like a small problem, but I assure you, it can be a major issue. We first realized something was amiss with Google and our address when the home inspector couldn’t find the house with Google Maps. This wasn’t a major concern, but it was odd given that the street and home are more than 7 years old. When you zoomed in on our address, no streets were listed, though with satellite view enabled, you could clearly see houses and streets. Bing knew where we lived the whole time, but this didn’t help us out too much. What Happens When Google Doesn’t Know Where You Live It wasn’t until after we moved in that we started to really understand what it means to be left off of Google Maps. Shortly after we moved in friends and family wanted to stop over to see the house, but no one could find us on their smartphones. In the past month I have given more over the phone directions than I have in the last 5 years. We also had issues with getting some home repairs accomplished, because drivers had trouble locating the address. Eventually I found that Google would direct people to within viewing distance if I told them to enter a nearby street as their destination. This worked for family, friends and repairmen we could talk to, but wasn’t a permanent solution. The biggest issue came when we wanted to order pizza, something we did quite often while in the upheaval of moving. Because our address doesn’t exist in Google, and Donatos uses Google maps to power their online ordering system we couldn’t place orders online. Not only does this mean more time spent ordering on the phone, it actually cost me about $20 in discounts that are only available online. How To Fix Google Maps Errors Report a Problem with Google Maps Thankfully, there is an easy way to fix a Google Maps issue. You need to go to that spot on the map and choose report a problem. From here, you drag a yellow marker to the area with an issue, and tell Google what is wrong. You can report issues with the street, an address, satellite imagery or choose other to handle any problem you see. Describe the problem in as much detail as possible, so that Google can investigate. If you are signed in, you can get an email notification when your problem is addressed. This also allows Google to followup with questions. Followup After a few days Google emailed to say that I was correct and that they would work to fix the problem. Within a week of that date my address, and the surrounding streets, were appropriately marked in Google Maps. Now friends and family can find me without a host of turn left, turn right, look for this landmark directions. Sadly, Donatos has not updated their maps so I still can’t place orders online. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Share on Linkedin More In Mobile Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Release Date, Features, Rumors & News The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date is less than four months away and will be hugely im… 06/09/2017 17 min read 10 Things to Do Before Installing iOS 11 Beta The iOS 11 release date is scheduled for the fall but you can try Apple’s newest ope… 06/09/2017 5 min read NHL 18 Release Date, Features & Details This is a look at what you can expect from the NHL 18 release date and what you need to kn… 06/09/2017 9 min read Load More In Mobile 6 Comments 6 Comments jd092 09/27/2011 at 9:12 pm If everyone would report problems google maps could be nearly flawless. Reply Anonymous 09/28/2011 at 1:24 pm http://www.lovetoshopping.org  Cheapest Vans Shoes,Tiffany Jewelry Company,Wholesale Hollister Clothing  Reply Michael 09/28/2011 at 2:44 pm I have a similiar problem as to your article accept; Google has our Business Street Name incorrect in their index.  When your search for Witte Industrial Ct, Troy MO 63379 Google comes back with Witte Industrial Park Rd (there is no such place).  I have reported this to Google maps numerous times (even sent a snail mail letter to corporate) But it has yet to be fixed.  To all of those that think reporting maping problems to Google works, It doesn’t.  Take a look at this article on ZdNet http://www.zdnet.com/blog/google/google-places-merges-may-be-hazardous-to-your-business/3346               Google has some pretty serious issues with it’s Business Maps and the extreme lack of support. Reply Tania 04/13/2016 at 5:11 pm Google doesn’t give directions to my business yet it does show on the map with a red pin Reply Patrick McQuillin 07/13/2016 at 1:02 pm Where do I choose “report a problem”? My address doesn’t exist in Google Maps. When leaving a reply, what is the difference between “Notify me of new comments” and “Notify me of new posts”? Reply Desiree Tolliver 06/09/2017 at 9:59 pm I have successfully located my house on google maps. My problem is our house number has been the same for 33 years now: 1009. The street name has apparently been changed to Adam Street from Columbus Street (although we’ve been using Columbus Street for the past 33 years). How do I give google maps our house number and let them know that’s our address? Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Follow GottaBeMobile 10 Best Third Person Shooter Games for Android Best Call of Duty WWII Deals 8 Best Galaxy S8 Screen Protectors Moshi Arcus Review: The Best Backpack I’ve Found Mevo Camera Review: Stream Live to Facebook or YouTube Like a Pro InvisibleShield Glass Curve Review: Galaxy S8 Screen Protector © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved, SXL Media, Inc.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Smart Home 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Joel Lee Better Than Google Maps: 6 Awesome Alternatives for Maps Internet Better Than Google Maps: 6 Awesome Alternatives for Maps Sandy Stachowiak Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 5 Apps That’ll Remember Anything for You Internet 5 Apps That’ll Remember Anything for You Mihir Patkar June 10, 2017 10-06-2017 4 minutes 5 Apps That’ll Remember Anything for You Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Advertisement Much like a computer, your brain also has a limited amount of memory. You can’t possibly remember everything you come across. But when something is important, it helps to have a quick way to remember it. Smart technology is dumbing down the human race Is Smarter Technology Dumbing Down the Human Race? Is Smarter Technology Dumbing Down the Human Race? As a child, you memorized your friend's phone numbers; now you just add them to your phone. You used to memorize directions; now you just use your GPS. Are humans becoming stupid? Read More , but it’s also about how you use it. Offloading the non-important bits of your memory to a device will free up room for you to retain other information. There’s no reason for you to remember John the assistant’s birthday or your mother-in-law’s favorite color, so let one of these apps do it for you instead. 1. Google Assistant (Android, iOS): The Best “Remember” Voice Command Google Assistant, the company’s answer to Siri, is the most remarkable piece of artificial intelligence in any phone. You probably don’t know the remarkable things Assistant can do 10 Things You Didn't Know Google Assistant Could Do 10 Things You Didn't Know Google Assistant Could Do Android's version of Siri -- Google Assistant -- is more powerful than most people realize. Read More . One of those is smartly remembering things for you — and we don’t just mean reminders. As usual, this works via voice commands. Say “OK Google” followed by “Remember,” and then speak whatever you need it to remember. For example, “Remember I parked the car on level 2 bay P-3.” Later, ask Google Assistant, “OK Google, where did I park the car?” and it will spit out the answer. Android users will need the Google Allo app to use Assistant Google's Most Interesting: Apps, Projects, and Services You Must Know About Google's Most Interesting: Apps, Projects, and Services You Must Know About Google always has dozens of projects going at any given time and it can be hard to keep track of them all. Here are the most interesting ones that you should be aware of. Read More . You can now also use Google Assistant on iPhones You Can Now Use Google Assistant on Your iPhone You Can Now Use Google Assistant on Your iPhone Google has done the unthinkable and brought Google Assistant to the iPhone. Google Assistant is Google's answer to Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana, and Amazon's Alexa. Read More and you’ll have a better time with it than Siri. Download — Google Allo on Android (Free) Download — Google Assistant on iOS (Free) 2. Wonder (Messenger, Google Home, Amazon Echo): The Anti-Google Antidote If you don’t want to offload more of your private information to Google, there’s another app that does what Assistant does. Wonder is a bot that works with Facebook Messenger, and smart voice controllers like Google Home and Amazon Echo Amazon Echo vs. Google Home vs. Apple's Competitor Amazon Echo vs. Google Home vs. Apple's Competitor In this article, you'll learn the differences between the Amazon Echo and Google Home. We'll also take a look at what features an Apple speaker may include. Read More . Wonder calls itself a search engine for your personal life, but it’s not as invasive as it sounds. You need to actively command the things you want it to remember. You will again use the “Remember” command, whether typing it in Messenger or saying it out loud to Echo or Home. Wonder uses natural language processing, so you don’t have to be robotic about how you feed it information. But be warned, it doesn’t work as well as Google Assistant does. 3. Reminder Team (Web): When You Don’t Want to Sign In What do you do when you want to remember something for later, but don’t have one of your gadgets or a reminder app with you? Reminder Team is the easy no-signup website that you need 15 Excellent No-Sign Up Websites for Everyday Use 15 Excellent No-Sign Up Websites for Everyday Use Do you like websites which have no sign-ups, no registerations, and no downloads? Then, you will like these hassle free web apps and sites which make daily productivity a lot easier. Read More . What you’ll do is write an email to yourself from Reminder Team. Key in your email address, the message, and when to send it. That’s right, you can schedule the email to be sent later. You can also make that email come to you every month, every quarter, or every year. It’s a ridiculously simple web app that you should bookmark for future use. In fact, make your life easier and remember “ReminderTeam.com” so that you don’t need to remember anything else. 4. WorldBrain (Chrome, Firefox): Full-Text Search of Your Browser It has happened to each of us. You were browsing something on the web a long time ago, and you need it now. But you don’t remember the website’s name or anything else about it. Don’t worry, WorldBrain will remember it for you. WorldBrain calls itself a “(Re)search-Engine” because it’s all about searching your own personal data. While you browse the web, WorldBrain will be quietly remembering everything you do. Don’t worry, all the data is stored locally, it never goes to the cloud (unless you specifically want it to). Plus, it stores all the text of every page, so you are actually searching the whole page, not just the title. When you need to look anything up, search WorldBrain through the omnibar of your Chrome or Firefox browser. And yes, it also works with Opera or other Chromium browsers How to Install Google Chrome Extensions in Opera Browser How to Install Google Chrome Extensions in Opera Browser Opera is making a case for you to switch to it. There's one small problem: extensions. What if you could install Chrome extensions in Opera? It's easy, so here's a quick guide. Read More . Download — WorldBrain for Chrome | Firefox (Free) 5. Cozi and Process Street: Premade Checklists for Anything To-do lists keep you productive, but what happens when you forget to add things to to-do lists? Some tasks are so small and repetitive that you don’t add them, and then you don’t complete them. Instead of trying to remember every small piece of an item, use pre-made checklists and to-do lists. Two apps do this better than any others to help forgetful people remember things 12 Apps To Help Forgetful People Remember Things 12 Apps To Help Forgetful People Remember Things Organization can prove tricky for forgetful people. From recalling birthdays to putting faces to names, here are 12 awesome apps that can help you remember pretty much anything. Read More . Cozi (Web, Android, iOS, Windows) is a family organization app that has plenty of checklist templates you can use. From grocery staples to vacation planning, there’s a checklist for almost anything that a household needs. Process Street (Web) is pretty new, but anyone who works in an office will love it. This app is meant more for companies, so the checklists are made accordingly. For example, there is a “Daily Store Opening Checklist” or a “Client Onboarding for a Marketing Agency” list. It covers most of the top industries, with detailed checklists for each. The free version gives you five checklists at a time, but you can pay to use unlimited checklists. Do You Use Brain-Training Apps? There are a bunch of brain-training apps that claim to help you improve your memory. We have research on the neuroscience of these apps Is Lumosity a Lie? The Neuroscience Behind Brain Training Games Is Lumosity a Lie? The Neuroscience Behind Brain Training Games Brain training games promise to improve your memory, prevent cognitive losses and decrease your chances of showing symptoms of dementia – are their promises too good to be true? Read More but we would like to hear from you. Have you used brain-training apps? Have they helped improve your short-term memory? Image Credits: Orlando Java/Shutterstock Previous PostCortana Now Helps You Save Money When Shopping Online 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Mihir Patkar 819 articles Mihir Patkar is a freelance writer on technology and life hacks, who firmly believes chocolate is the answer to any question. You can usually find him saying other such silly things on Twitter. Advertisement Latest Giveaways The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Advertisement Trending This Chrome Extension Makes Gmail Insanely Productive Productivity This Chrome Extension Makes Gmail Insanely Productive Plex Live TV: Everything You Need to Know Entertainment Plex Live TV: Everything You Need to Know 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Smart Home 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Advertisement Related Articles 5 New Google Apps You Need to Check Out Internet 5 New Google Apps You Need to Check Out 5 Sites to Find Anything Shown in Movies and TV Shows Internet Entertainment 5 Sites to Find Anything Shown in Movies and TV Shows 5 Apps and Tools to Organize Your Job Search Internet 5 Apps and Tools to Organize Your Job Search Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Saturday, Jun 10, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Technology Why smart phone security is a luxury CNN Published on June 10, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print If you’re a low-income American, there’s a good chance you have an an Android. And unless it’s a newer model with recent software updates, your security could be at risk. Two competing operating systems own the real estate in our smart phones: Apple’s iOS and Google’s Android. Apple’s phones are expensive — the cheapest model starts at $400, while some Android phones cost less than $50. Android users are more likely to have fragmented security updates than Apple’s streamlined ones. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge The closed system Apple has built means that everyone who has an iOS device gets access to the same software and security updates at about the same time. Android, though, is much more fragmented. Mary Madden, a researcher with Data & Society, says low income people are more reliant on their phones as the primary form of Internet access. This is how they pay bills, connect with friends and family, and access education and work opportunities. “All of these differences in digital security are important because they can result in disproportionate levels of surveillance such as law enforcement monitoring during protests or a greater likelihood that low-income smartphone users will experience malware attacks,” Madden told CNNTech. More malware is written for Androids than iPhones. On top of that, almost half of the top 50 Android devices didn't have the most recent security updates by the end of 2016, according to Google. Even if your phone is only a year or two out of date, it’s vulnerable to some very simple hacks, says Nathan Freitas, a fellow at Harvard’s Berkman Center for Internet and Society. “It doesn’t take much for your adversary to get into your [Android] device, and that's a big problem.” When Google releases an update to Android, it takes a while to get to consumers, unless you have a Google-branded phone like the Pixel. Carriers and device makers customize Android with different apps and services, and there are at least 11 different versions of Android. Each customized version has to be updated separately by the carrier or device maker before rolling out to consumers. Google, for its part, is constantly working to improve device security. Recently, it introduced Google Play Protect, which monitors Android devices and alerts you if there are security risks. And its line of inexpensive laptops — Chromebooks — are regarded by experts as some of the most secure computers you can buy. Last year, the FCC and FTC launched an inquiry into mobile security updates, and asked mobile carriers and device manufacturers to explain the process of releasing security updates. The results have not been released, however the FCC told CNN Tech that they have received responses and are reviewing results. Android is slightly more popular in the United States than iOS, with 53 percent of smart phone users on Google’s operating system, compared with 45 percent on Apple. Globally, Android is significantly more popular — almost 90 percent of phones shipped in the third quarter of 2016 ran Android. But the demographics break out even further: College-educated people tend to buy iPhones over Androids; Androids are more popular with low-income Americans; and African-Americans are more likely to have an Android than an iPhone. This gap between the security haves and have nots is often called the “digital security divide,” which researcher Chris Soghoian described in a 2016 Ted Talk. And the security differences between Android and iOS are also a problem for developers. People who build apps — especially those with secure functionality — have to build multiple versions for Android and potentially decide not to support outdated phones. Beyond security updates, there are other differences between the brands, such as Apple’s default messenger is iMessage, which is encrypted when you chat with other iOS users. Texting on Android isn’t encrypted by default, and full-disk encryption isn’t mandatory on all Android phones. Related Items Androids , iphone , smartphones , security , malware Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
printed June 10, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=19206 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Google Releases reCAPTCHA API to Improve Android Security Article Comments   Yesterday, 1:29 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Google today announced a new tool developers can use to authenticate people securely while simultaneously improving the experience for mobile phone users. The company made available the new reCAPTCHA Android API as a part of Google Play Services. Google says this lets app developers and web sites better tell humans and bots apart from one another, particularly with respect to authentication. The API runs Google's new Invisible reCAPTCHA tech, which runs risk analysis behind the scenes to weed out bots and block spam and other abuses. The API is included with Google SafetyNet so mobile developers can manage both the device and user attestations from the same API. This eliminates risks, according to Google, and is more efficient across the board. For end users, the result will be a less intrusive experience when authenticating within apps and on the mobile web. more info at Google » Related Google Makes More Android APIs Available to Developers Google recently released a new tool for developers who are writing apps for the Android platform. Google made the Google Play Developer Publishing API available to all developers, which will allow them to upload APKs to beta testing, staged rollouts, and production, as well as add publishing operations to their app processes. Google Looking to Improve 3D Gaming on Android Google today announced a new 3D rendering API for Android called Vulkan. The Vulkan API provides developers with more control over how mobile processors render 3D environments like those used in games. Google Play Services 8.3 Improves Sign-In Experience Google today announced the availability of Play Services 8.3, an update to the core APIs that allows developers to do new things with the operating system. Play Services 8.3 updates the Google Sign-In API to provide a more consistent look across Google products. Google Hopes New API Will Improve Android Wear Complications Google today announced a new version of its Complications API for developers in order to help them create better experiences for Android Wear. Complications are dynamic data sets that appear on watch faces, such as step counts, notifications, weather alerts, and similar. Google Offering Its Speech API to App Developers Google today said developers will soon be able to add speech recognition to their apps through the Google Could Speech API. Google is offering the same neural network-based tool it uses in its own voice search and keyboard apps. more news about:   AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 1 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register email address username password Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 12 Plus 1 on G+ 53 Share on Facebook 29 Share on Twitter Total Shares94 Google News Google has made some pretty great commercials in the past, like the first Pixel ad and the Google Gnome April Fool's joke. The company has created a series of ads for the Google Home, mostly to highlight the Home's temporary price drop, and one of them is... not good. The ad isn't too bad until the end, when the speaker says "And they'll be like 'O.M.G', and you'll be like 'I K-N-O.W'," at which point it entered Fellow Kids territory. The only other ad in the series (for the moment), called 'Celebrity,' isn't too bad though. Tags ad advertisement fellow kids Google how do you do subscribe ... Previous Story Sprint and T-Mobile Galaxy S8 and S8+ receiving updates that bring the May patch, an updated ... ... Next Story Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and ... Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Jimk4003 O.H. D.E.A.R. Luckbuckets Oh hey! Didn't Earnest Ask Ronda thespacecowboy Oh D.E.A.R. Y.O.U. M.E.A.N. ;) but aside from that, google assistant is awesome XerBlade Depending on your perspective, this kind of dumb can be either hilarious or hilariously bad. I, for one, am in the hilarious camp. I think I might be in the target audience for this ad. Tim Harman Yea, it's so stupid that it's funny which I think is what they're going for. I mean, Bruno Mars? Qbancelli Dudes getting worked out about some words spoken in a commercial, lol nxtiak I like the current trend of Google commercials. This has the same voice from the Google Photo Scan app commercial. It's funny. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEyDt0DNjWU Rob Agree with you a lot Willie Chalmers III I like the voice, but what she says annoys me. If Google has determined that this style of advertising increases revenue, I'm okay with it. TechGirl90 Really?......It can always be worse, like this commercial. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Lwh2xA4uvo Gjorgi Lazarovski WHAT. THE. FUCK. TechGirl90 LOL! My thoughts exactly when I first saw this Commercial. Oliver Cervera ✔ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHHAHAHAHA DanSan what the hell did i just watch? serious question. TechGirl90 One of the worst Commercials LG could ever air. Glad they gotten better with their Marketing though, because this is beyond Cringe-Worthy and come across as desperate to try and get attention of Consumers but ends up deterring them even further away with their Marketing Tactics with this Ad. Iwanova https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/8befc53dcc6f2aae24e23456dd48d051de3cc511d45691065a00255de68a8327.jpg Henrique Persechini I'm never making fun of a google ad again dariusmoss i like it? it does a good job showing off some of the neat features.. and if you live in an area populated by a lot of millennial and younger white people, then like literally like saying like a whole lot is like normal. like my boss talks like this and she's like 37. this commercial is targeted at what is a huge demographic where i live.. north dallas tx for the curious Benjamin Lehto Pretty sure that the overuse of the word 'Like', isn't relegated to just younger white millennial's. dariusmoss well sure.. maybe not universally. but, where i live, it most certainly is mostly white millennials and the younger peeps. of course i'm not talking exclusively jcopernicus I like it! craftyorb IT BROKE NEW GROUNDS! ScottColbert Slow news day? Major Sceptic I must be getting old , it just didn't seem funny . vmxr M E H JohnyNoLegs The Apple home alternative will be out in Australia before both the Google Home and Amazon Alexa LOLOLOLOL. Google and Amazon sitting on their products for almost a year, and Apple still beat them haha Grayson Doesn't the Apple Home not come out until like December? How do you know Google or Amazon won't release in Australia before then? JD But Machine Learning told them it would be a good idea Indianajonze what was so bad about it? fit with the theme of the ad 100%. i liked it boop I thought it was cute. surethom The Google Adds are so misleading, you cannot play a song by artist or song title or Category without a subscription, you can only play playlists or just say Play my music, to play your Own uploaded music collection. xyz I'm sure it appeals to stupid people. alsosavagemike I think you are missing the joke. Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 47 1 Year Ago Today Google App v6.0.17 Is Readying Data Saver, Snoozing Reminders, Signed-Out Search Mode, And Three Exercising Mascots [APK Teardown + Download] 2016/06/10 9:58am PDTJun 10, 2016 452 2 Years Ago Today An Exclusive Early Look At Hangouts 4.0 2015/06/10 3:08pm PDTJun 10, 2015 240 3 Years Ago Today SwiftKey Keyboard Hits Version 5, Goes Free, Adds Premium Themes, A Store, New Emoji, And A Lot More 2014/06/10 11:59pm PDTJun 10, 2014 27 4 Years Ago Today 28 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/29/13 - 6/10/13) 2013/06/10 6:02pm PDTJun 10, 2013 19 5 Years Ago Today Android Head Andy Rubin Not Leaving Google As Rumored, Cites 900,000 Android Activations Each Day 2012/06/10 3:18pm PDTJun 10, 2012 17 6 Years Ago Today Google Voice Now Lets You Have Multiple Numbers On One Account - For A Fee 2011/06/10 3:19pm PDTJun 10, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today SysAdmin Series, Article #4: Port Scandroid vs OscanO 2010/06/10 11:08pm PDTJun 10, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 117 queries | 0.829s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Microsoft Trying To Make Cortana More Like Google Assistant By Tyler Lee on 06/09/2017 17:02 PDT While pretty much every company out there is putting out a digital voice assistant of their own, it seems that for the most part, they all function in different ways. For example Google Assistant can be used with voice and text, where users can actually talk to Google Assistant by typing out their commands. Apparently this conversation-like feature is something that Microsoft thinks is a good idea because in a report from Windows Central, they are claiming that Microsoft is trying to make Cortana more like Google Assistant by introducing a conversational UI. This means that if true, users in the future can speak to Cortana like they would when texting a real person, and it will be able to return similar information as if you were to use your voice. This is similar to chatbots where users can speak to bots via text form to ask them things like the weather, flight availability, reserving a table, and so on, and it is also a feature we’re seeing Apple introduce to Siri in iOS 11. This will be handy for situations where you don’t want to use your voice, or like with Google Assistant, where it is integrated into the OS and it will be smart enough to know when you’re trying to make a dinner reservation and will be able to offer a helping hand. It is unclear when these changes to Cortana will be made and when they will be rolled out, but if this is a feature you think might come in handy, then you’ll probably want to keep an eye out for it if and when it is released. Filed in General >Rumors. Read more about Cortana, Google, google assistant and Microsoft. Related Articles 2017-06-08 Analyst Predicts Microsoft’s Project Scorpio To Sell For $399 2017-06-06 Microsoft’s Surface Pen Available For Pre-Order For $100 2017-06-05 Windows 10 Workstation Edition Could Be Coming Soon 2017-06-04 Latest Skype Redesign Brings Many New Features 2017-05-29 New Cortana UI Shows Bing Results On Desktop 2017-05-24 Google Assistant Now Provides Topical Word Suggestions 2017-05-18 Soon You’ll Be Able To Send Money Using Google Assistant 2017-05-18 LG And GE To Add Support For Google Assistant In Their Appliances Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review The Mummy Is Monstrous, Just For All The Wrong Reasons Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets Alphabet Just Unloaded Its Amazing Robots On Japanese Telecom Softbank CSIRO Says Australia Needs To Lead The Way In Blockchain Technology Of Course Australian Students Strapped A 360 Camera To A Rocket I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Mobile What: In Eight Weeks Y'all Sent Over 2 Billion 'Reactions' Over Messenger Apple's Upgrades To Location And Photo Privacy Features Are Pretty Great Apple Rolls Out New Feature That Permanently Associates Devices With Apps, Even After Deletion This App Means You'll Never Have An Unknown (Business) Caller Again Car Tech Who Does This Self-Driving Cadillac CT6 Belong To? Australians Buying Bigger Cars Sparks Emissions Concerns Uber's Self-Driving Unit Gets New Head Of Hardware After Levandowski Firing Your Car's Tyres Could Soon Know When Roads Are Wet And Slippery Before You Do Online Everything You Need To Know About Lord Buckethead, The Spacelord Star Of The UK General Election Chelsea Manning Talks About Her Decision To Leak In Upcoming 'Nightline' Interview Jobs Site Accidentally Places Ad On White Nationalist Podcast We're Looking For A Reviews And Round-Up Journalist Science & Health Scientists Think They Have Solved The Mystery Of Our Atmosphere's Missing Xenon Scientists Created Biodegradable Microbeads So Your Face Scrub Won't Pollute Our Oceans If You Resurrect The Woolly Mammoth, Can You Still Call It A Woolly Mammoth? Looking Forward To Binge Watching A Show This Weekend? Not So Fast... Cameras Beautiful Photo Captures Impossible Shot Of The Opera House And Milky Way Together Boomers Are Missing Out On The Joy Of Holiday Selfies A Gigantic 1.8 Metre Water Balloon Will Instantly Drown Your Victim British Cops Make First Arrest Using Facial Recognition Surveillance Vans Computing Deals: Hey Task Management Nerds, This Program Is For You Apple Sure Has Some Weird New Hobbies Protect Yourself Against Ransomware With A Solid Backup System Six Things Apple's Trying To Kill This Year  Gaming The New Shadow Of War Trailer Throws A Tolkienesque Kitchen Sink At Middle-Earth Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons The Trailer For Big Trouble In Little China: The Game Has Us Even More Excited To Start Playing It The Mind Behind Adventure Time Helped Craft Dungeons & Dragons' Newest Story Entertainment Spider-Man: Homecoming Went Through Seven LEGO Death Stars For One Gag  The Killjoys Trailer Proves That Being A Space Bounty Hunter Is The 'Coolest Job In The Universe' The Creepy New Killing Ground Trailer Will Make You Seriously Rethink Ever Going Camping Again The First Black Panther Teaser Trailer Is Here And It's Epic As Hell Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Everything You Need To Know About Lord Buckethead, The Spacelord Star Of The UK General Election Deals: Hey Task Management Nerds, This Program Is For You A Movie About McLaren Is Playing In Sydney Next Week Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Alphabet Just Unloaded Its Amazing Robots On Japanese Telecom Softbank Andrew Liszewski Jun 10, 2017, 9:00am ⋅ Filed to:  alphabet boston dynamics google japan robotics Robots schaft softbank Share Three years after acquiring the MIT robotics lab Boston Dynamics, makers of Atlas and other scary bots, Alphabet (Google's parent company) is selling it off to Softbank, a Japanese telecommunications company already known for its less terrifying robots such as Pepper that might soon be getting some impressive upgrades. It turns out that posting YouTube videos of nightmare-inducing robots isn't as profitable as once hoped. Details of the sale, such as how much Softbank paid for Google's now defunct Replicant division, haven't been revealed yet. You'll recall the skunkworks was founded by Android-creator Andy Rubin before he left Alphabet to make smartphones again. But the sale also includes Schaft, another talented robot-builder which dominated the DARPA challenge a few years ago. Google Is Reportedly Selling Its Crazy Robotics Lab, Boston Dynamics It's been a little over two years since Google (now Alphabet) decided to scoop up robotics lab Boston Dynamics. Now it's putting the company that built terrifying robots like BigDog and Atlas up for grabs. Read more Alphabet has reportedly been trying to sell off its robot division for almost a year now, with companies such as Amazon and Toyota initially suspected as possible buyers. While Boston Dynamics has been responsible for creating some of the most advanced robots ever developed, including the humanoid Atlas, and the four-legged Spot and Big-Dog, advanced technologies don't come cheap. The reality is that Alphabet was still staring down years of expensive R&D before it could profitably sell its robotic creations, and Boston Dynamics and Schaft became victims of the company's efforts to scale back its bleeding-edge moonshot investments. Boston Dynamics' Newest Robot Moves Like A Donkey On Rollerblades We got our first glimpse of Boston Dynamics' newest robot about a month ago after footage leaked from a presentation given by Marc Raibert, the company's founder. But today we finally have the first official reveal of Handle, and the new video will make you wish you also had wheels instead of feet. Read more Back in February, Boston Dynamics revealed a bot called Handle, a two-wheeled version of Atlas that the lab's founder, Marc Raibert, claimed could be built and sold much cheaper than bots like Atlas. By that point Alphabet was already shopping Boston Dynamics and Schaft around as part of cost-saving and restructuring initiatives that saw other moonshot projects getting axed as well. And many suspected that Handle, who had undoubtedly been in development for a while already, was only revealed as a way to sweeten the pot for potential buyers. Watch This Freakishly Agile Dog-Bot Do The Dishes Boston Dynamics, better known for the hulking robot brute known as ATLAS, has just revealed a considerably smaller creation that looks like a cross between a golden retriever and a baby giraffe. But forget about it just replacing your family pet. SpotMini looks like it can replace your housecleaner too. Read more So what does Softbank want with Boston Dynamics and Schaft? The Japanese telecommunications giant has already poured mountains of cash into developing its friendly-looking Pepper and NAO robots, after acquiring Aldebaran Robotics in 2012 for over a $US100 million ($133 million), and investing $US20 million ($27 million) in Fetch Robotics in 2015. Demand for Pepper and NAO in Japan has been huge, with Softbank selling out of limited runs almost as soon as they're made available. So the company is clearly confident there's enough immediate consumer demand to make a few dollars selling bots. In a press release issued about the acquisition, Softbank's Chairman and CEO Masayoshi Son praised the work Boston Dynamics has done. "Smart robotics are going to be a key driver of the next stage of the Information Revolution, and Marc and his team at Boston Dynamics are the clear technology leaders in advanced dynamic robots. I am thrilled to welcome them to the SoftBank family and look forward to supporting them as they continue to advance the field of robotics and explore applications that can help make life easier, safer and more fulfilling." But will Softbank take the same approach that Google did and just let Boston Dynamics and Schaft develop advanced robots for the sake of pushing the field forward? Or does it plan to merge them with its existing robotics teams in hopes of making robots like Pepper and NAO more appealing to consumers? R&D is expensive, and it's safe to assume that Boston Dynamics and Schaft didn't come cheap, so the company will almost certainly carefully balance both approaches, which means your dreams of a robot butler are suddenly a lot closer to becoming reality. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments I'm posting as a Guest Jun 10, 2017, 9:37am I guess Google/Alphabet was hoping for a military contract rather than being interested in the R&D side of things. Hopefully the robot loving Japanese will let them get on with it. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Alex Cranz 08 Jun 2017 8:00 PM Wonder Woman had some great moments. Seeing a woman smash a soldier into mush with her shield, toss a tank over people's heads, and commit wilful acts of beautifully violent misandry was nice. But lurking below the shining feminist bastion of fists and charm lurks a very, very big problem. Australians Buying Bigger Cars Sparks Emissions Concerns Rae Johnston 09 Jun 2017 1:30 PM A report by the National Transport Commission shows Aussies are shunning small cars in favour of larger, more powerful vehicles. According to the Australian Automobile Association, this calls into question the way in which the Federal Government is developing new vehicle emissions standards, and highlights the urgent need for a real-world vehicle emissions testing regime. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Hey Task Management Nerds, This Program Is For You Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Trending Articles 1 I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet 2 Australians Buying Bigger Cars Sparks Emissions Concerns 3 The First Black Panther Teaser Trailer Is Here And It's Epic As Hell Scientists Created Biodegradable Microbeads So Your Face Scrub Won't Pollute Our Oceans If You Resurrect The Woolly Mammoth, Can You Still Call It A Woolly Mammoth? Spider-Man: Homecoming Went Through Seven LEGO Death Stars For One Gag  Looking Forward To Binge Watching A Show This Weekend? Not So Fast... Finally, You Can Flirt With Vulcans Dota 2's Brutal Co-op Campaign Might End Some Friendships I Can't Handle Overwatch Voice Actors Doing Their Dance Emotes Microsoft's E3 2017 Conference Stream Will Be Right Here What To Do When You Kid Gets Car Sick Microsoft Removes Developer Mode Restriction For Linux On Windows 3-Ingredient Happy Hour: A Super Fresh Pineapple Daiquiri Looking Forward To Binge Watching A Show This Weekend? Not So Fast... BIDEN: I knew a month before Election Day that Hillary would lose key battleground states How the clean energy target recommended by the Finkel review could work Tour the beachfront estate that entertainment icon Dick Cavett is selling for $62 million Here's what it looks like from the top of 9 of New York's most exclusive buildings © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Google’s downtown-village quest gets help from… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Trump impersonation suit Kamala Harris persists Steph: Non-MVP MVP Yosemite dangers One-tux Obama Oldest SJ eatery to close Breaking News Warriors lose shot at playoff perfection in emotional Game 4 loss in Cleveland Business Real Estate Google’s downtown-village quest gets help from San Jose Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group SAP Center, Diridon station and other parts of downtown San Jose. San Jose on Friday formally launched a quest to bring Google and up to 20,000 jobs into a transit village and mega office campus in the city’s downtown with a staff proposal to sell 16 parcels to the search giant. By George Avalos | gavalos@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: June 9, 2017 at 3:43 pm | UPDATED: June 9, 2017 at 8:31 pm San Jose city staff Friday proposed selling more than a dozen downtown properties to Google, to help the search giant amass the land it wants for an enormous tech campus that would bring up to 20,000 jobs and transform the Diridon Station area. Mountain View-based Google would obtain 16 parcels from the city of San Jose and the San Jose Redevelopment Agency’s successor, if the negotiations bear fruit, according to a proposed exclusive-negotiations agreement released by the city on Friday. The parcels include several properties on South Montgomery between West Santa Clara Street and West San Carlos Street, a parcel near the corner of West San Fernando and South Montgomery streets, a property at the corner of Park Avenue and South Montgomery, a parcel on West San Carlos near South Montgomery, and a parcel near West Julian and North Montgomery streets. “Google intends to develop a large-scale, mixed-use Transit Oriented Development to serve as an office and research campus consistent with a redeveloped Diridon Station Area,” according to a staff memo prepared for a vote by the San Jose City Council, slated for June 20. Google and San Jose are discussing a complex that could include more than 6 million square feet of office and research space, potentially making it the company’s largest collection of tech offices. If built, it would be larger than the tech titan’s roughly 3.1-million-square-foot Mountain View headquarters, known as the Googleplex, which currently is its biggest U.S. work hub. “Google’s interest in potentially laying down roots in San Jose will be transformational to the landscape of downtown and the entire city,” Vice Mayor Magdalena Carrasco said earlier this week. Google’s potential venture into downtown San Jose would resculpt the Diridon Station area’s motley collection of properties along and near Autumn and Montgomery streets a short distance from the SAP Center. A portion of the area was once proposed for a baseball stadium, and another section is now targeted for an 8.3-acre, mixed-use office, retail and residential complex planned by developer Trammell Crow. Google has its eye on an area totaling around 240 acres in this vicinity, including the Trammell Crow acreage, a person familiar with the matter told this newspaper. “We’re excited to have the support of the San Jose City Council as we evaluate our options at Diridon Station,” Google said in comments emailed to this news organization. Tags:  Commercial Real Estate Development Economy Housing Development Jobs Technology Transit George Avalos George Avalos is a business reporter for the Bay Area News Group. Follow George Avalos @georgeavalos Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Warriors lose shot at playoff perfection in emotional Game 4 loss in Cleveland Kawakami: The imperfect game for Warriors, refs and everybody except Cavs Kevin Durant and LeBron James jaw for a while during Game 4 Draymond Green’s full, animated, honest Game 4 postgame interview Drone crash knocks out power to 1,600 in Mountain View What they’re saying about Warriors loss to Cavaliers in Game 4 Can 49ers Brian Hoyer throw the deep ball? Uber CEO Travis Kalanick: ‘Do not have sex with another employee unless…’ More in Real Estate California pending home sales lose steam for fourth straight month June 09, 2017, 2:03 pm Are California homes not selling as fast as they were? We’ve entered four straight months of pending sales downturns. Real Deal: June is National Homeownership Month June 09, 2017, 1:07 pm How are you celebrating national Home Ownership Month in June? Our real estate columnists has some tips and stats to help you. Multi-family housing controversy moves to the ballot box June 09, 2017, 7:00 am Monte Sereno city leaders will let voters decide next year if the Baptist church should be rezoned for multi-family housing. Home sale prices from San Jose and Peninsula areas, June 10 June 09, 2017, 5:53 am Residential transactions in Santa Clara, San Mateo and Santa Cruz counties, published June 10, 2017. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian BizBreak: Alphabet won’t be a robot overlord;… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Trump impersonation suit Kamala Harris persists Steph: Non-MVP MVP Yosemite dangers One-tux Obama Oldest SJ eatery to close Breaking News Warriors lose shot at playoff perfection in emotional Game 4 loss in Cleveland Business BizBreak: Alphabet won’t be a robot overlord; sells Boston Dynamics to SoftBank Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) The Free Lance-Star via AP/File In this Sept. 24, 2014, file photo, 3M employees Julie Davidson and Jim Long look at a Boston Dynamics legged squad support system robot at the 34th Modern Day Marine Expo at Marine Corps Base Quantico, in Quantico, Va. On Friday, Alphabet said it is selling Boston Dynamics to Japanese internet and solar technology company SoftBank for an undisclosed amount. By Rex Crum | rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: June 9, 2017 at 2:01 pm | UPDATED: June 9, 2017 at 2:32 pm Top of the Order:   Where are the Robots?: It looks like Alphabet’s robots are moving to Japan. On Friday, Alphabet, the parent company of Mountain View-based Google, said it has agreed to sell Boston Dynamics, its robotics company, to Japanese internet and technology giant SoftBank. Financial terms of the deal weren’t disclosed. SoftBank has a track record of developing robots and robotic technologies, and the company said it would use Boston Dynamics’ technology to build up its efforts in the robotics industry. For Alphabet, selling off Boston Dynamics wasn’t a surprise, but it had been a long time coming. Reports saying that Alphabet was looking for a buyer for Boston Dynamics first surfaced in early 2016, as the company was said to have determined making robots that could be successfully marketed just wasn’t likely to pay off in the coming years. Related Articles Biz Break: Will PayPal’s acquisition plans include the Netherlands’ Adyen? Apple rides high, and newcomers emerge, in the Fortune 500 Google parent Alphabet gender-pay proposal dead on arrival Biz Break: AAA tells Tesla owners, “Pay up,” with higher premiums Biz Break: Alphabet stock joins the $1,000-a-share club Talk surrounding Boston Dynamics had quieted down in recent months, as Alphabet put more emphasis on Waymo, its self-driving car technology business, as well as traditional Google businesses such as digital advertising, the Android operating system and Google’s Pixel smartphones. Middle Innings: Unless…: That word, “unless,” may end up being the word of the year for Uber Chief Executive Travis Kalanick. A newly leaked Uber document, written by Kalanick to Uber employees in 2013, laid out the ground rules, if you will, for a big company shindig in Miami that year. In typical Uber fashion, Kalanick’s bro-speak told company employees what to do with everything from talking to the press (“DO NOT TALK TO THE PRESS”– Kalanick’s capitalization) to a $200 fine for vomiting in public. But, the highlight of the note was Kalanick’s rules for how Uber employees should, or shouldn’t, have sex with one another. “Do not have sex with another employee unless…” began Kalanick’s instructions. And for $480 Million, You Get: Nineteen percent of Pandora, and three seats on the Oakland internet-radio company’s board of directors. That’s what satellite radio leader Sirius XM is getting for its $480 million investment in Pandora, which was announced Friday. The deal puts to rest more than a year’s worth of rumors and speculation that Pandora was possibly going to sell itself. And it also gives Sirius, and its majority owner, Liberty Media, a very big voice in Pandora’s future direction. Bottom of the Lineup: And in Conclusion: Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook took the day off Friday to do something a little different than run the world’s most-valuable publicly traded company. Cook delivered the commencement address at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and, in a speech heavy with quotes from historical figures as well as Apple co-founder and legend Steve Jobs, Cook challenged the members of MIT’s Class of 2017 to determine how they would go forward and use their educations to “serve humanity.” Quote of the Day: “Drones are fun until someone flies one into high-voltage power lines, causing 1600 people in my neighborhood to lose power.” — Google software engineer Adrienne Porter Felt, who tweeted those comments Friday after a drone crashed in Mountain View Thursday evening. The crash was seen as the cause of why those 1,600 PG&E customers Felt mentioned lost electrical power for as much as three hours. Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Tags:  60 Second Biz Break Apple Google Pandora Tim Cook Uber Rex Crum Rex Crum is the senior web editor for the business section for The Mercury News and Bay Area News Group. He also writes about business and technology for the publications' print and web editions, and has covered business and technology for nearly two decades. A native of Seattle, he remains a diehard Seahawks and Mariners fan and is imparting his fandom to his Oakland-native wife and two young daughters. Follow Rex Crum @rexcrum Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Warriors lose shot at playoff perfection in emotional Game 4 loss in Cleveland Kawakami: The imperfect game for Warriors, refs and everybody except Cavs Kevin Durant and LeBron James jaw for a while during Game 4 Draymond Green’s full, animated, honest Game 4 postgame interview Drone crash knocks out power to 1,600 in Mountain View What they’re saying about Warriors loss to Cavaliers in Game 4 Can 49ers Brian Hoyer throw the deep ball? Uber CEO Travis Kalanick: ‘Do not have sex with another employee unless…’ More in Business SummerWinds Nursery to close San Jose, Mountain View locations June 09, 2017, 11:33 pm The Boise-based business plans to maintain and invest in its remaining Campbell, Cupertino and Palo Alto locations. Google’s downtown-village quest gets help from San Jose June 09, 2017, 8:31 pm San Jose city staff on Friday proposed selling 16 downtown properties to Google, beginning a formal effort to work with the search giant on its plan to build a massive tech campus that would bring up to 20,000 jobs. Pandora has new listener, and its future may depend on it June 09, 2017, 3:30 pm Oakland internet-radio pioneer Pandora reaches a deal to sell a 19 percent stake to Sirius XM. The deal keeps Pandora independent, but gives Sirius a big say in the company’s future. Medical marijuana dispensaries, patients wait through delays June 09, 2017, 2:44 pm Nearly a year after medical marijuana dispensaries were legally allowed to open in Hawaii, the state has not yet certified any labs to run required safety tests. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Fans come to grips with the fact their Warriors won’t sweep NBA Contra Costa County DA is under criminal investigation Kids rejoice as playground in SF’s Presidio opens after Antioch boy killed by friend in accidental pellet-gun shooting News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Marches against Islamic law to be held in many US cities Orlando trauma surgeon: the Pulse attack 'changed me' Ice cream man loses lawyer while awaiting trial in slayings Bono-roo: U2 make their first U.S. festival appearance Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Cavs’ barrage of threes means sweep is not to be Own a piece of history: Chronicle store featuring historic Game 4: It was bruising, brawling basketball Warriors blown out in Game 4 by Cavaliers; 1st playoff loss Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF California’s greenhouse gas emissions fall by less than 1% SiriusXM buys stake in Oakland’s Pandora Media for $480 million Alphabet sells robot business behind spooky machines to SoftBank Verizon deal with Yahoo sets stage for thousands of company A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do The revolution will not be dramatized The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife LSD king Owsley Stanley’s ‘Sonic Journals’ surface after 50 Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Fenix closes quietly on Mission Street The best food trucks in San Francisco, according to Yelp Tacolicious takes delivery-only route with new project: MF San Jose's oldest restaurant, Wing's, is closing Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Boy fell in love with BART after surviving brain surgery. Transit Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog ‘Timeless elegance in a luxurious, trendy neighborhood’ Luxury, high-end homes popping up in once Spanish hacienda in Walnut Creek SF rents down again year-over-year. Here’s what your money Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/opinion/article/A-B-online-testing-makes-us-no-choice-guinea-pigs-11209416.php Opinion A/B online testing makes us no-choice guinea pigs By Joe Mathews Published 3:13 pm, Friday, June 9, 2017 A: Test me all night long, baby. Really. Sign me up to be the subject of A/B testing. I’ll sign a blanket consent form so that Silicon Valley’s biggest brains can test me for the purpose of improving the human future. You’ve likely been A/B tested without your knowledge if you’ve ever used Google or Facebook. With A/B testing, different users are given different variants of a website or an email or a purchasing button to test what small changes online make you more likely to click or read or buy something. If you’re reading this column online, you could be being A/B tested right now — with different readers seeing different layouts or different headlines, and your different responses being measured. This is good. A/B tests, if conducted repeatedly and carefully, allow for continuous refinements in our designs, our interfaces and our products. This notion of tests is old — it’s often attributed to 1908 tests used to improve industrial processes at a Guinness brewery in Ireland. But Google has optimized its globe-dominating search business via such testing. Facebook is similarly devoted to A/B testing to refine its site. On the other side is Snap, which doesn’t like to make constant adjustments. Is that why Snap is facing such challenges in keeping users? Latest news videos We should demand even more from A/B testing. The human race must improve all sorts of systems — energy, traffic, food and water, even governing systems — if we’re going to avoid self-inflicted disasters, from climate change to famines to wars. So why don’t we commit ourselves to a culture of continuous optimization in the real world, not just the virtual? B: I am not your test subject, baby. And I don’t want to be Silicon Valley’s guinea pig. Yes, the Internet is full of fine print to inform me I’m being tested. But that doesn’t mean I’m being meaningfully asked for my consent. My online time is now given over to companies experimenting upon me for the purpose of getting me to make choices that reveal which variables in sites or purchase buttons will change my own behavior online. In essence, I’m a dystopian lab rat forced to design the maze — and the reward — that will entrap me. What do I receive in return? Facebook tells me its free services are my compensation, but studies also tell me that spending more time on Facebook — which is the goal of many of their experiments — makes me less happy. Sadness is not a method of payment I accept. Such testing has created an unacknowledged ethical, and public health, crisis. The more we click, the more we’re being tested. And if experiments show how to make us spend more time online than is healthy, or to spend more money than is good for our finances, aren’t we being harmed by our own testimony? In other fields of study, society has standards for governing the testing of human subjects. But these standards aren’t being applied to all the A/B testing we experience online. There are questions here for our faltering democracy, too. California has hundreds of companies that will help interest groups or politicians test the best ways to manipulate us for their political purposes. But is such human testing a factor in the rise of political polarization and fake information? This world of testing needs real regulation — by the same authorities, and under the same laws, that regulate business practices in the name of protecting people from health and financial threats. One way to start might be to add regulation of A/B testing and other experiments on users to the privacy regulations that some jurisdictions impose on tech companies. A/B testing is also impersonal; it isn’t good at capturing who the users are, a problem because individuals can be so different. Smart people in Silicon Valley know this, which is why they are moving beyond A/B testing into machine learning, a world of algorithms that learn about each individual user. The promise of machine learning is that, someday, the algorithms will continuously improve in giving each individual user customized products. But, in their testing and in pursuing machine learning, California’s brightest brains are simultaneously hiding behind their screens and intruding into their fellow citizens’ lives. Yes, their goal is to improve commerce, communication, the human experience. Yes, we can choose, A or B. But how much choice does constant testing really give us test subjects about the nature of our collective future? Joe Mathews writes the Connecting California column for Zócalo Public Square. To comment, submit your letter to the editor at http://bit.ly/SFChronicleletters. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. NBA FINALS - DUBS LEAD SERIES 3-1 Warriors blown out in Game 4 by Cavaliers; 1st playoff loss Who was the fan that got ejected from Game 4? Game 4 refs roasted on Twitter for controversial calls Warriors, Cavs fans lose their minds with memes after Game 4 Draymond Green's mom rips into NBA refs Saracevic: It was a bruising, brawling basketball game LATEST NEWS Gay man says he's barred from pride parade over Trump vote Contra Costa’s DA is under criminal investigation S. Bay man crashes drone, causes power outage, evacuation Marvel debuts first 'Black Panther' trailer during NBA Finals PG&E to pay $1.6M to settle suit over Carmel blast Boy killed by friend in accidental pellet-gun shooting Breitbart lost 90 percent of its advertisers in two months Interfaith groups to counter S. Bay anti-Sharia rally Wife of man charged in Ghost Ship fire breaks her silence Ghost Ship victims’ families in court for defendant’s hearing Artist creates actual Ghost Ship as tribute in Emeryville Ghost Ship’s ‘Warlord’ goes from survivor to defendant Mystery of Monterey Bay's most toxic algal bloom solved Bird trapped in amber 100 million years ago near perfect Why people regret leaving the Bay Area for the Northwest Morford: Bay Area real estate, where no one can hear you scream Sign of changing Mission: Dim future for bar’s neon beacon New building for nonprofits OKd in Mission TODAY'S TOP PICKS Florida man's insane tattooed mugshots stun the internet Spanish hacienda in Walnut Creek Puppy who flunks out of police training finds regal new position Most Popular 1 Wife of man charged in Ghost Ship fire breaks her silence 2 Game 4 refs roasted on Twitter for controversial calls 3 South Bay man crashes drone, causes power outage, evacuation 4 The grass isn't greener: Why people regret leaving the Bay... 5 Warriors vs. Cavs: Live commentary from Game 4 of the NBA Finals 6 Warriors blown out in Game 4 by Cavaliers; 1st playoff loss 7 Florida man's wild tattooed mugshots stun the internet 8 Who was the fan that got ejected from Game 4? 9 Cavaliers may take vengeance on Steph Curry for Game 3 'squat' 10 Draymond Green's mom rips into NBA refs during Game 4 LATEST NEWS Gay man says he's barred from pride parade over Trump vote Contra Costa’s DA is under criminal investigation S. Bay man crashes drone, causes power outage, evacuation Marvel debuts first 'Black Panther' trailer during NBA Finals PG&E to pay $1.6M to settle suit over Carmel blast Boy killed by friend in accidental pellet-gun shooting Breitbart lost 90 percent of its advertisers in two months Interfaith groups to counter S. Bay anti-Sharia rally View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos letters editorials Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition US edition: switch to the UK edition UK switch to the US switch to the Australia edition AU switch to the International edition INT jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters digital newspaper archive crosswords Facebook Twitter UK UK politics education media society law scotland more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › media home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Michelle Guthrie ABC's Michelle Guthrie: I was never a 'Murdoch hatchet woman' Broadcaster’s managing director sets a few records straight in her first big television interview after 13 months in the job ‘It’s a crime to make great programs and not to tell people about it,’ says ABC managing director Michelle Guthrie. Photograph: Paul Miller/AAP Michelle Guthrie ABC's Michelle Guthrie: I was never a 'Murdoch hatchet woman' Broadcaster’s managing director sets a few records straight in her first big television interview after 13 months in the job Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Amanda Meade Friday 9 June 2017 18.12 EDT Last modified on Friday 9 June 2017 22.07 EDT Working for Rupert Murdoch for 14 years does not make her a “Murdoch hatchet woman”, ABC managing director Michelle Guthrie has said in her first in-depth television interview after 13 months in the job. Guthrie said she did not appreciate being called a Murdoch stooge or accused of “Google-ising” the ABC just because she had a long career overseas before being appointed to run the public broadcaster. “I do find that when it becomes very personal – particularly around being called a Murdoch hatchet woman – [it does hit me],” Guthrie said on ABC News channel’s One Plus One interview program. “I never felt that my role at [Murdoch’s] Star TV was remotely about being a hatchet woman; it was about building an incredible business across Asia. And the idea that I would come to want to join the ABC and have such a privilege of joining the ABC and wanting to disembowel it, it’s beyond ridiculous frankly.” From the top: ABC set for radical change under Michelle Guthrie | Amanda Meade Read more The Australian-born Guthrie spent much of her career abroad after graduating with a law degree, starting at Murdoch’s Sky in 1994 and working at Foxtel before heading up Star TV in Asia. She says that because most people in Australia didn’t know who she was when she replaced Mark Scott last year, there was intense speculation about her motives. “When there is a vacuum people read a lot into your CV,” she said. “So they say ‘well your longest period of time was at News Corp you must have certain political views’ or ‘you came from Google so you are going to Google-ise the ABC. And neither of those were true.” Guthrie also revealed she was a very private person and did not enjoy the spotlight of Senate estimates or the media attention the job of running the ABC attracts. She shuns social media, but is on LinkedIn and occasionally Snapchat. After just four days into the job in 2016, she had to appear before Senate estimates, telling senators “I hope you appreciate it’s very early days for me to give you specific details of all my plans”. Her corporate career involved facing up to boardrooms but it had not prepared her for the scrutiny of appearing before Senate estimates and the glare of the cameras, she said. “In boardrooms you don’t necessarily have masses of photographers and cameras capturing every hair flick or other expression on my face,” she told interviewer Jane Hutcheon. Michelle Guthrie says it is not her job to lobby for ABC funding Read more Guthrie said her childhood in Sydney – as one of four children of a Chinese mother and an Australian father – was chaotic and untypical. She said she ate fried rice for breakfast and lived with three generations under the one roof. “There was always food, there was always noise, there was always a TV going.” She described herself as studious but indecisive about a career, shifting from wanting to be a paediatrician to wanting to be a 60 Minutes reporter like her idol Jana Wendt. She praised Four Corners and the recent Lindt Cafe investigation, and rejected criticism that the ABC was spending money on Google advertising. “It’s a crime to make great programs and not to tell people about it,” she said. Guthrie defended her statement earlier this year that it wasn’t her job to lobby for funding, saying the ABC was in a funding cycle and needed to use the money we have “to the best of our ability”. She hinted that the future might see the ABC gaining more partnerships with outside organisations and shaking up its traditional platforms. “I think of the ABC much more as an ecosystem than a standalone organisation and I do think the future will be much more of a partnership model.” Topics Michelle Guthrie Australian Broadcasting Corporation Australian media Rupert Murdoch news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion letters editorials sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media selected crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video podcasts digital archive Media › Michelle Guthrie UK UK politics education media society law scotland back to top jobs become a supporter make a contribution guardian labs about us work for us contact us advertise with us solve technical issue terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop complaints & corrections all topics all contributors Facebook Twitter subscribe digital newspaper archive © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home About Us Read paper Menu News News `Bring Back Our Girls Movement` 3rd Anniversary To Commence ”We want Biafra because nothing is working in Nigeria again”- IPOB Leader ‘Antidote To Corruption’- Dino Melaye’s Book Launch Close Photonews UNICEF, 16 Nigerian states in Osun to understudy welfare programmes PhotoNews: Governor Aregbesola Attends First Cabinet Meeting after Swear-in PHOTONEWS: Aregbesola, Fayose And NUPENG Officials Meet To Resolve Ekiti Fuel Crisis Close Oduduwa “Na Gbese I Carry For Head”- Agbaje Speaks On How Elections Left Him Indebted “Ekiti State Is Now Part Of Biafra,” – Fayose #Awo30YearsOn: Yoruba Leaders Describe Awolowo As Seer Of Nation’s Fortunes, Harp On Unity Close Entertainment Dammy Krane Unfollows Everyone On His Instagram. Churchill Sends Sweet Birthday Message To Estranged Wife, Tonto Dikeh Veteran Actor Baba Suwe Very Ill – Yomi Fabiyi Raises Alarm Close Close Osun Osun First Lady Distributes Gift Items to Women Witness Protection Bill Sponsored by Late Sen. Adeleke Passed Iwo Robbery: Osun Promises Justice UNIOSUN VC: On The Challenges Confronting Nigeria Close Politics Witness Protection Bill Sponsored by Late Sen. Adeleke Passed Registering APDA will Cause Confusion, APGA Tells INEC British Government to Invest in Kano Allegation of Nepotism Against Osinbajo Laughable – Aide Close Op-Ed Obasanjo, Youth Neglect and the Fear of Revolution By Matthew Ozah Admission of Morocco into ECOWAS is an Anti-Nigeria Move, By Bolaji Akinyemi Editorial: Buhari Administration’s Mid-term Who is Afraid of Prof Osinbajo? Close Sports Super Eagles Will Deliver Against Bafana – Onazi Super Eagles Pleads For Media Support For Up Coming Campaign- Support Rashford Shows Modesty To Injured Victims Of Manchester Terror Attack Manchester United Now World’s Richest Football Club Close Economy Economy Nigeria Requires N2.98 Billion To Curb Armyworm Infestation Of Farms Food Prices to Crash in 2 Weeks – Agric Minister Smuggling Of Agricultural Products Is Sabotage – Saraki Close Agriculture Nigeria Requires N2.98 Billion To Curb Armyworm Infestation Of Farms Food Prices to Crash in 2 Weeks – Agric Minister Smuggling Of Agricultural Products Is Sabotage – Saraki Close Technology Apple Is Manufacturing A Siri Speaker To Outdo Google And Amazon Nigeria Misses Another Digital Migration Deadline First Trailer For FIFA 18 Will Be Revealed Tomorrow On YouTube Close Close Home News Osun Politics Op-Ed Sports Economy About Read paper Apple Is Manufacturing A Siri Speaker To Outdo Google And Amazon Apple Inc is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” may be on your nightstand or kitchen counter as well. The iPhone-maker has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple could debut the speaker…” Moroti Olatujoye June 9, 2017 7:56 pm Technology Share Tweet Share Apple Inc is already in your pocket, on your desk and underneath your television. Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” may be on your nightstand or kitchen counter as well. The iPhone-maker has started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple could debut the speaker as soon as its annual developer conference in June, but the device will not be ready to ship until later in the year, the people said. The device will differ from Amazon.com Inc.’s Echo and Alphabet Inc.’s Google Homespeakers by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration with Apple’s product lineup, said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss products that aren’t yet public. Introducing a speaker would serve two main purposes: providing a hub to automate appliances and lights via Apple’s HomeKit system, and establishing a bulwark inside the home to lock customers more tightly into Apple’s network of services. That would help combat the competitive threat from Google’s and Amazon’s connected speakers: the Home and Echo mostly don’t support services from Apple. Without compatible hardware, users may be more likely to opt for the Echo or Home, and therefore use streaming music offerings such as Spotify, Amazon Prime Music or Google Play rather than Apple Music. READ  Social Media Week Returns To Lagos “This will be a platform for developing Apple’s services,” says Gene Munster, a co-founder of Loup Ventures and former Apple analyst. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller declined to comment. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has emphasized Apple’s services businesses over the past 18 months as iPhone sales slowed. He expects service revenue to double by 2020 from last year’s $24 billion. A speaker may help keep customers loyal to service products such as Apple Music, a subscription music streaming offering that costs $10 per month. The speaker would likely be tucked into Apple’s “Other Products” category, which currently includes devices like the Apple Watch, Apple TV and AirPods. That set of products generated $11 billion in sales last year. Inventec Corp., the Taipei manufacturer that already makes the AirPod wireless headphones, will add the speaker to its Apple repertoire, the people said. Apple employees have been secretly testing the device in their homes for several months, they said. The Siri speaker reached an advanced prototype stage late last year, Bloomberg News reported at the time. An Inventec representative didn’t respond to a request for comment outside normal business hours in Taiwan. READ  The Next Round Of Xbox One Tweaks Include Custom Avatars This year’s developers conference will be the first since 2013 to introduce new hardware. Apple could announce updated iPad tablets at the conference, one of the people said. Apple last updated the 9.7-inch iPad Pro in March 2016 and hasn’t refreshed the larger 12.9-inch model since its November 2015 debut. Planned Mac updates will include refreshed versions of the MacBook and MacBook Pro with faster Intel Corp. processors, Bloomberg News reported earlier this month. Apple hopes that more advanced acoustics technology will give the speaker an edge over competitors, according to people with knowledge of the product’s development. Along with generating virtual surround sound, the speakers being tested are louder and reproduce sound more crisply than rival offerings, the people said. Apple has also considered including sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels during use, one of the people said. Apple will also likely let third-party services build products for the speaker. Last year, Apple opened up Siri on the iPhone to the likes of Uber Technologies Inc. and Facebook Inc., allowing a user to order a ride or send a WhatsApp message with a voice command. READ  Reports Facebook Won't Censor Suicide Videos The device will be a hub for Apple’s HomeKit home automation system, letting users control devices such as lights, door locks and window blinds. At present, an Apple TV or iPad is required to control that equipment from outside the home or automatically. The Echo and Google Home both support third-party services and smart home appliances. Ahead of Apple’s launch, the competition has upgraded their speakers with support for making voice calls, while Amazon’s gained a touchscreen. Apple’s speaker won’t include such a screen, according to people who have seen the product.An Apple-designed speaker with high-end sound quality that fits perfectly into the Apple ecosystem is a familiar pitch. In 2006, Apple unveiled the iPod Hi-Fi, a battery powered speaker designed to cast a shadow over the thriving iPod third-party accessory market. With its bulky size and high price point, the Hi-Fi flopped and was discontinued within 18 months of launching. With Siri and a clear hole in its ecosystem, Apple is banking that its second try at a speaker product will do better. Credit: Boomberg Apple Inc Technology Share Tweet Share Join the discussion Cancel reply Name * Email * Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Related Posts See All Three Mobile Apps That Might Help Your Productivity EXCLUSIVE: The Human’s Brain… Local Firm Plans to Help FG Save $380m Nigerian High School Girls Build Robots To Tackle Waste Robot Cars With No Human Driver Could Hit California Roads Next Year Job Vacancy: Solution Architect Packet Core- Nigeria Banky W Become Samsung Ambassador Why The IPhone 8 Will Probably Leave Samsung’s Galaxy S8 In The Dust Categories Menu News Photonews Oduduwa Entertainment Osun Politics Op-Ed Sports Economy Agriculture Technology Others Main Menu Home About Read paper Term of Use Contact Us Subscribe & Follow Join Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Osun Defender, All rights reserved.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Saturday, Jun 10, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Technology Google's Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on June 2, 2017 | Updated 12:27 p. m. Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print NEW YORK — Websites that run annoying ads such as pop-ups may find all ads blocked by Google’s Chrome browser starting next year. The digital-ad giant’s announcement comes as hundreds of millions of internet users have already installed ad blockers on their desktop computers and phones to combat ads that track them and make browsing sites difficult. These blockers threaten websites that rely on digital ads for revenue. Google’s version will allow ads as long as websites follow industry-created guidelines and minimize certain types of ads that consumers really hate. That includes pop-up ads, huge ads that don’t go away when you scroll down a page and video ads that start playing automatically with the sound on. Google says the feature will be turned on by default, and users can turn it off. It’ll work on both the desktop and mobile versions of Chrome. Google says that even ads it sells and manages will be blocked on websites that don’t get rid of annoying types of ads. The company is also starting a program that would help publishers deal with users who have downloaded popular ad blockers. Some individual websites have come up with their own countermeasures. Forbes.com, for example, won’t let you read stories without disabling your ad blocker or logging in with Facebook or Google accounts, so the site can track you. Google would work with websites to set up messages telling users to disable their blockers for the site or pay for a version of it with no ads. It’ll take a 10 percent cut of those payments. Facebook, too, is trying to make links from inside its universe less spammy for users. It says it’s trying to cut down on posts and ads in the news feed that lead to junky pages with “little substantive content” and “disruptive, shocking or malicious ads.” Related Items google , Google Chrome , website Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Trending story The AdWords 2017 roadmap is loaded with artificial intelligence Don't ignore A beginners' guide to Bing Ads management Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Do SMB websites matter anymore? YP doubles down on ‘yes’ with new ‘pro’ SEO product Company says program resulted in a page one ranking on Google for 70 percent of keywords within a few months. Greg Sterling on June 9, 2017 at 3:23 pm More In addition to being a media publisher, YP sells a range of marketing services to small businesses (SMBs) across the US. This week, the company introduced and enhanced website product ypWebsite Pro, which includes SEO-related services. The offering combines a range of features: an optimized, mobile-friendly website, business listings syndication and content creation (monthly blog posts). Boostability and Yext are fulfillment partners behind the scenes. The company said that during an extensive beta test with a range of customers, “over 70 percent of keywords in websites powered by ypWebsite Pro rank on the first page of Google search results in as little as five months or less.” Stu MacFarlane, EVP of products and marketing at YP, told me in a phone interview that the new website and SEO offering was a core product in the company’s portfolio of SMB marketing services. YP’s marketing services fall broadly into two categories — presence and traffic generation — which include both digital (search, social, display) and traditional media (direct mail, directory publishing). Local businesses using the Website Pro offering also gain “privileged exposure” on YP-owned properties (YP.com). Above is an example of the “preferred” positioning. The new emphasis on websites and SEO runs counter to what might be called the “big platforms” school of thinking, which is ascendant in the market. That view holds that most consumers are never going to visit a SMB website, so instead, the business profile on a handful of major destinations is more important, especially on mobile devices. An example would be finding the highest-rated plumbers or local restaurants on Google or Yelp and calling them directly without consulting their websites. Indeed, enhanced data collection and the build-out of features and tools on Google, Facebook, Yelp, Bing and other sites and apps makes going to local websites less necessary. An alternative view argues that SMBs cannot control the look and feel of profile pages and don’t own them. Thus the website is the only SMB-owned media and is foundational to their online presence. It’s also a key pillar of a local SEO strategy. Data from a BrightLocal consumer survey supports the notion that websites are an important part of the consumer journey — perhaps more important now than in the past. After reading positive reviews, presumably on one of the major destinations, the top action taken was to visit the local business website. About The Author Greg Sterling Greg Sterling is a Contributing Editor at Search Engine Land. He writes a personal blog, Screenwerk, about connecting the dots between digital media and real-world consumer behavior. He is also VP of Strategy and Insights for the Local Search Association. Follow him on Twitter or find him at Google+. Popular Stories How to stop worrying about Google updates The AdWords 2017 roadmap is loaded with artificial intelligence Learn 3 proven methods for winning additional PPC budget from your clients New, unconfirmed Google ranking update ‘Fred’ shakes the SEO world Related Topics Channel: SEOMobile MarketingSearch Engines: Maps & Local Search EnginesSEO: Local Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers The Multiplier Effect of Integrating Search and Social Advertising State of Digital Advertising 2017 Email Deliverability Guide: Making It to the Subscriber Inbox How to Create Agile Content for Your Brand How to Create Content at Scale with Limited Budgets See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Trending story The AdWords 2017 roadmap is loaded with artificial intelligence Don't ignore A beginners' guide to Bing Ads management Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google Posts for small businesses moves to Google My Business Google has moved the management location of Google Posts and the company hopes to expand Posts to more businesses and organizations. Barry Schwartz on June 9, 2017 at 4:41 pm More Small businesses that are in the Google Posts program can still make use of the experimental service, but the location of that feature has shifted to within the Google My Business area. Google Posts is a feature that allows people and businesses to create content directly on Google which appears highly ranked in Google search results for their names. Google confirmed the move to Search Engine Land earlier this week, and @maulikpanchal tweeted an example of the new location: Google is testing new design for post in Google My Business page @rustybrick #Google #NewLook #ux #GoogleMyBusiness pic.twitter.com/V8i2ltAq5E — Maulik Panchal (@maulikpanchal) June 9, 2017 Although Google has been recently expanding Google Posts to more and more businesses, organizations and people, Google says it is still not open for businesses that weren’t already invited into the program. Google did say that they do hope to expand it to more over time and promised an update to come soon. We will keep you posted on when Google expands this feature to more businesses and how you can use it. For now, if you do have access, you can see it under a location within Google My Business, by clicking on the menu bar on the left to expand the location’s features and options. About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Popular Stories How to stop worrying about Google updates Learn 3 proven methods for winning additional PPC budget from your clients Focus on these 5 areas to deliver big results in e-commerce SEO Voice search becomes voice action: A key talking point at SMX London Related Topics Channel: SEOGoogle: Google My BusinessGoogle: Google PostsGoogle: SEO Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers Top 5 Techniques for Converting Leads Through Cohesive Landing Pages The Multiplier Effect of Integrating Search and Social Advertising State of Digital Advertising 2017 Email Deliverability Guide: Making It to the Subscriber Inbox How to Create Agile Content for Your Brand See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch OnePlus 5 iPhone 7 deals Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Google offers another great reason to buy a Pixel or Pixel XL Google offers another great reason to buy a Pixel or Pixel XL by Chris Smith 9 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments The Google Pixel phones are among the best available, even with the influx of 2017 Android flagships from Samsung, HTC, Essential and LG. But given it's last year’s handset, what incentive do fans have to grab the ‘Made by Google’ phone over some newer, flashier rivals? Well, we’d say guaranteed Android version support and rapid updates for at least the next two years would be a decent reason, wouldn’t you? Related: Google Pixel review Google has promised the the current Pixel range will receive Android O this year and Android P in 2018 (via Android Central). When it comes to Android Q (aside: what they hell are they going to call that then?), in 2019, the picture is less clear. Google is guaranteeing the next two updates, but that doesn’t mean it won’t continue to support the Pixel thereafter. Regardless, there will be security updates until October 2019, which means your handset will be one of the safer devices running Android. The Pixel phones, like the Nexus forefathers are a great option for smartphone fans who really care getting the new version of Android. Like Apple with iOS, Google can ensure these updates are pushed directly to their own phones. Of course, all that being said, there’s still one very big reason not to buy a Pixel or Pixel XL right now… the Pixel 2 is thought to be a matter of months away. Hold your nerve, folks. Are you a Pixel-ite? Would you recommend the phone to other Android fans? Drop us a line in the comments below. Latest Deals From Ebay Google Pixel 32GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.0" FHD 4GB RAM Quite Black / Very Silver $574.99 View Item Google Pixel XL 32GB Verizon Wireless 4G LTE Android WiFi Smartphone $474.95 View Item Google Pixel 32GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.0" FHD 4GB RAM Quite Black / Very Silver $574.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
CLOSE Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Saturday, June 10, 2017 Insider K Street Lifestyle Opinion Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Home Technology Are Minorities Being Left Behind in the Google+ Migration? Policy Technology Are Minorities Being Left Behind in the Google+ Migration? By Jeneba Ghatt - 2:30pm July 18, 2011 22206 99 SHARE Facebook Twitter For all the talk about US Blacks and Hispanics being the most active users of Twitter and having a substantial membership on Facebook, it seems they may not be quickly migrating to and taking advantage of Google’s latest attempt at breaking into the social media sphere, the Google + project. It is still quite early in the Google+ roll out, but according to a recent analysis, membership on that site has grown 350% since it launched to members of the tech community on an invite-only basis on June 28.   Today, there are reports that over 10 million people have already joined Google +.   But scan the profile images of some of the 940,000 users  listed on the website Find People on Plus and you may notice the dearth of brown and black faces among users.  And even among those who managed to get an early invite, they are like many of the later adopters who do not necessarily “get” the new platform yet and have simply set up a basic profile and have not used it since.  Much of the buzz of the site had to do with the fact that so few people were allowed on in its earliest Beta testing stages. The curious all wanted a golden ticket. The site is used most actively now by the crowd of adventurous tech aficionados who are anxious to see Google finally get the social media thing right.  Google’s previous experiments with Buzz, Orkut, and Wave all failed to take off.   Google+ is slowly creating a new category of user addicts because it is cleaner, so far Ad-Free, and is touted as not being riddled with the same privacy concerns as Facebook, neither is it saddled with applications that litter users streams with gaming updates, for example.    Many Google+ users spend their time sharing ideas and tips on how to navigate the site.  They also lament how much better it is than Facebook in that it allows them more control over with whom they share information and interact, and how much easier it is to filter out those who they want to limit access to certain updates or photos. Who is on Google+ now? It still may be too soon to be taking a critical look at users of a 3-week old site, but since it launched, several articles have examined every aspect of the site including the fact that at one point, only 10% of its users were female.  Because more and more studies reveal that Hispanics and Blacks have higher than average mobile phone ownership and are accessing broadband through their mobile devices, it is not too presumptuous to think those groups would have been early adopters of Google+.  The “digital elite” , the interconnected web of popular bloggers, technical experts and early adopters to the newest technologies,  made up the earliest invitees.  This elite group is quite monolithic and for the most part includes middle to upper middle class professional whites and Asians.   In America anyway, most socialize in racially segregated circles so when Google allowed those on the site to invite their friends, it should come as no surprise then why the second wave of users mirrored the racial make up of the first wave.  Members of the black Technoratti who work with and associate with the general population of tech experts have a  healthy representation on Google+ now as well.  Perhaps, as they began to invite their circle of friends, they helped diversify the site. But beyond these audacious early users,  many are still skeptical about adopting yet another social media platform, and especially one that is not necessarily intuitive.   Google + requires people to categorize their network of family, friends, and colleagues into neat circles and enables users to participate in simultaneous video chat and explore articles categorized by interest. Google+ is not that intuitive as the tech savvy application development community may think.  It certainly is  not as turnkey as Facebook.  With Facebook, anyone can  pretty easily figure out the lay of the land within moments of signing up.  Not so much with Google +.   In response to some user confusion, there have been over two dozen articles published by leading tech publications and sites explaining how to navigate the site.  A killer competitor to Facebook  shouldn’t be so difficult to circumnavigate. And even then, many have already invested lots of  time cultivating a home on Facebook, building photo albums and “friending” long lost classmates and relatives.  It will take a lot to get many reluctant and less active  folks to adopt Google +.  So the question remains whether it will survive the initial rounds of early users, folks who are eager for its success and will more quickly appreciate its benefits. But then again, not all people “got” Twitter initially either.  Minorities slowly gravitated to it as well and have since taken over,  some reports say.   An Edison Research annual report on Twitter  showed that Blacks represented 25% of Twitter users, roughly twice their share of the population in general.  A Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project report showed slightly lower usage statistics, but still impressive, indicating usage among blacks and Hispanics proportionate to their population at 13% and 18%, respectively. Google+  shares user demographics based on region of the country, profession, and gender but not race.   When Google opens the site to all users, we may likely see more minorities migrate over but not as quickly as one would think or some would want. Social media expert Lindsay Holmes, owner of LCH Business, a branding & marketing company, says while Google+ may be a competitor to Facebook, she doesn’t think Google+ will be Twitter killer. “People who get Twitter and use it for marketing won’t abandon it that fast because they know its utility and Google+ can’t compete,” Holmes said. ” If there is anything that will slow minorities down from adopting any new technology that would be  intimidation and once they get over that initial hurdle, they will get on.” Holmes said when people are able to realize the usability of Google+, they will join more when it becomes available to more.  “We are people that need usability and understand usability,” she added. It is quite possible then that Hispanics and Blacks, as a group, may be among the last to join the site if it indeed lasts through the long haul and becomes a viable competitor to Facebook.  They may be less likely than other groups to join the bandwagon and try a new platform.  They may remain loyal users of Twitter and Facebook as Asian and Whites, and tech savvy higher income minorities join Google+. Google+, the place to go to escape the  “ghettoization” of other social media platforms In essence, if  Google+ indeed is able to court away some of Facebook’s 750 Million users and black and brown users adopt later, we may be looking at a repeat of what happened with MySpace.  According Researcher Danah Boyd, scores of more affluent and white users abandoned MySpace for Facebook partly because there was an impression that it had become too “ghetto” and used by blacks and Hispanics.     She discussed this issue back in 2007 in a controversial chapter of a forthcoming book addressing “digital” white flight, the Digital Race Anthology. In White Flight in Networked Publics?  How Race and Class Shaped American Teen Engagement with MySpace and  Facebook, the Microsoft Research and Harvard Berkman Center for Internet and Society scholar conducted ethnographic research and used anecdotal conversations with over 100 youth to conclude there was a “white flight” from MySpace because it had become too brown. Currently, Blacks and Hispanics still have a predominant presence on MySpace and are represented on that site at a disproportionate rate at 26% and 45%, respectively, when they are 12% and 16% in the population as a whole.  Some have speculated, though not gone on record saying, that Rupert Murdoch sold off MySpace, which was once valued at $12 billion for a mere $35 million because he saw no value in a tool being used primarily by minorities and poor whites.  Some critics of Murdoch say MySpace went down hill after Murdoch’s Newscorp acquired the once popular site, first used by nascent bands and performing groups to promote their albums and songs.  He failed to sufficiently invest in it to make it competitive to new sites – Facebook launched one year after MySpace- and then quickly abandoned it when its cream users stopped using it.  A more plausible explanation may be that NewsCorp simply wanted to free up some cash to acquire a majority stake in UK’s Sky Broadcasting, that MySpace was too prone to viruses, hackers and spam than Facebook or because Facebook was simply more attractive options for users.  But those who stayed, did so by choice.  As one blogger on the Project Economic Refugee pointed out, what Latinos loved about MySpace was the freedom to be creative, everything Facebook isn’t and why they did not join it when everyone else was. Facebook  is used widely by all races these days as is Twitter. But as mentioned,  recent reports indicate higher than average Twitter use among Blacks and Hispanics and data indicate this may because they are more likely using their mobile devices to access social media than whites. According to a new report by the Pew Research Center’s Internet & American LIfe Project, 44% of African Americans and Hispanics say they own a smartphone, compared to just 30% of non-Hispanic whites. Using this type of data as a guide, several bloggers and tech watchers have pondered whether Black and Hispanics use of mobile devices will enable them to leapfrog over other groups and help them bridge the digital divide. While idealistic and hopeful, that outcome would hardly be realized so long as Blacks and Hispanics are slow to navigate to new services. Are minorities positioned to be left behind? Since Google+ was rolled out, a benefit of being an early adopter is being able to access and be visible to some of the top players in the digital, programming and application world.  Those who are followed by millions on Twitter, are only being “followed” by hundreds or thousands on Google+.  When followers pose a query as a follow up to a post by a more popular user, they are more likely to get a direct answer.  There is interaction. Right now is the peak and prime time to get on, start exploring, learn from and exchange with leaders in your field you may not ordinarily have easy access to on other platforms.  Once the site is opened to millions that accessibility will dissipate most likely. Many of the current inhabitants are dreading the inevitable.  When news broke this week that Google plans to soon open up the social media tool to everyone, some Google+ users let out a collective sigh. “There goes the neighborhood,” one person commented on the stream of noted Tech writer Mike Elgan. Another added, “As soon as Google+ is open, the quality will drop.” These retorts show that Google+ perhaps , for a few, is a place to escape the not so pleasant aspects of Twitter, including users who in the past have been said to be degrading the medium by using it to create and discuss crass, misogynistic, racist and even violent trending topics.  While some users may want to be exclusionary, Google can’t afford to shun anyone if it truly plans to put a dent into Facebook’s 750 Million user database. It will have to be inclusive of broad demographics, encourage them to navigate over and make it useful and easy for them to stay and set up shop in a similar fashion as the earliest adopters. When the site is eventually opened who is to say even whether minority groups and younger users will wander over and join immediately?  It may not matter. Google+ may bolt out the starting gate, gain momentum and slowly die out just like other social media sites that have tried to rival and best Facebook.   Only time will tell. TAGS Buzz Facebook Google Google Plus MySpace Orkut Pew PlusOne Twitter Wave SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleAmbassador Rice Welcomes South Sudan to U.N., Pledges American Support Next articleWill High Black Unemployment Rates Affect Obama in 2012? Jeneba Ghatt http://jenebaspeaks.com Jeneba Jalloh Ghatt represents small, women, and minority owned business and technology companies at The Ghatt Law Group LLC, the nations’ first communications law firm owned by women and minorities. She's won landmark cases on behalf of her clients which include national civil rights and public interest organizations. In addition to actively authoring several blogs, being a radio show host and sitting on the boards of three non-profits, she is a tech junkie who has been developing online web content since the very early years of the Internet, 1991 to be precise! Follow her on Twitter at @Jenebaspeaks, on her blog, Jenebaspeaks, which covers the intersection of politics and technology or on her Politics of Raising Children blog at The Washington Times Communities section. The ideas and opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the author, and have complete editorial independence from any Politic365 partners, sponsors, or advertisers. For additional information about Politic365, please visit http://politic365.com/about/. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Headline Yvette Clarke Taking Important Steps to Protect Cybersecurity, Privacy Technology While Privacy Rights Uncertain, Pai Seeks Unified Approach Technology 5G Rolling Out in “Test Markets” By Mid-2017 99 COMMENTS fuck 1:09pm June 5, 2016 at 1:09 pm whoah this weblog is wonderful i love studying your articles. Stay up the good work! You understand, lots of persons are looking around for this information, you could help them greatly. Reply ringing in ears treatment mayo clinic 7:12am August 29, 2016 at 7:12 am The authors note that tinnitus is a phantom perception”, awareness of sound in the absence of an external source, noting the sound can be pulled from memory”. Reply Corey 12:36pm September 3, 2016 at 12:36 pm If you are recreating an nineteenth century freight route you may be OK but should you resolve that as an alternative you’d like to run a modern Amtrak passenger practice it’s possible you’ll be plagued with derailments with such a small turning radius. Reply yeast infection boots uk 1:39pm September 20, 2016 at 1:39 pm It’s noticed that the yeast population is kept underneath control as long as the physique’s metabolism is functioning properly. Reply http://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com 5:05am September 25, 2016 at 5:05 am Nevertheless, I think that Life basically dictated his book and had some writer (who was not really math proficient) do the actual writing. Reply life like Trains parts 6:28am October 7, 2016 at 6:28 am Well then, hopefully the earlier article has given you some options on how you can begin anew to having fun with your hobbies. Reply Christal 9:38am October 11, 2016 at 9:38 am Hi! I understand thius is kind of off-topic but I had to ask. Doess opeating a well-established blog such as yours takme a lot of work? I am brand new tto writing a blog but I do write in my journal on a daily basis. I’d liuke to start a blog so I can easily share my experience and feelings online. Please leet me know iff you have any kind of suggestions oor tps for brand new aspiring bloggers. Appreciate it! Reply Iesha 11:23am October 16, 2016 at 11:23 am Isso vai poder assentir as coisas difíceis a fim de que você no primícias, a menos que você goste de pessoas tanto quanto este. Reply jocuri mario miniclip 6:14pm October 24, 2016 at 6:14 pm I thin thi iss onee off the most sigificant information foor me. And i’m glqd reawding yojr article. Butt wannja rewmark onn slme geheral things, Thhe webb site sthle iis wonderful, thhe rticles iss really nice : D. Goodd job, cheers Reply ads builders comberton 3:52am October 25, 2016 at 3:52 am And now, small business owners can create their own overlay advertisements using the tool that can be proven on YouTube. Reply jocuri mario 64 online 8:48am November 2, 2016 at 8:48 am Jusst dsire too sayy yokur article is ass astounding. Thhe clparity iin yur submit iis juhst nnice and i couhld sulpose you’re ann expert in this subject. Finee along with youjr permission allow mee tto snatchh youir feed too keep uup too date with comin near nedar post. Thwnk yyou one milion and pleasse eep upp tthe enjoyable work. Reply Madana Karimi 1:45pm November 3, 2016 at 1:45 pm As you already have the tag of a famous brand, you do not need much advertising. It means, you can make call to Pakistan by using your PC, laptop or smartphone. As far as Pakistani diaspora concerns, around 7 million Pakistanis have been migrated to different countries, according to a report. Reply 3370 7:52pm November 13, 2016 at 7:52 pm The first launch of a movie is usually of a decrease high quality because of a scarcity of sources, however is finally changed with higher-high quality releases as higher sources grow to be accessible. Reply best injury attorney 5:44pm November 17, 2016 at 5:44 pm What i don’t realize is in fact how you are not really much more smartly-appreciated than you might be now. You’re so intelligent. You realize thus considerably relating to this topic, made me for my part consider it from numerous varied angles. Its like men and women are not interested until it is something to do with Lady gaga! Your personal stuffs nice. All the time handle it up! Reply best gamsat preparation books 7:23am November 22, 2016 at 7:23 am ACER (Australian Council for Educational Research) organizes this examination in Australia, UK and Ireland. Reply travel insurance policy 9:07am December 6, 2016 at 9:07 am Traveling throws up lots of weird, funny and sometimes serious conditions that relating again to individuals will make you – at least – feel fascinating. Reply Gold Gizzard Juice 12:56pm December 9, 2016 at 12:56 pm Great post however , I was wanting to know if you could write a litte more on this subject? I’d be very thankful if you could elaborate a little bit more. Appreciate it! Reply milky way cases 7:16am December 10, 2016 at 7:16 am milky way cases Reply youtube.Com 11:36am December 14, 2016 at 11:36 am The battery compartment of some remote controls requires the use of a small Philips head screwdriver. Reply http://gumbubbler.com/author/annrubeo84 11:57am January 16, 2017 at 11:57 am This is very required so that everybody can excel in exactly what they want to do without fatigue overcoming them. Liver enzyme elevations were reversible and solved following treatment, the business stated. Another typical indication of herpes are cold sores or fever blisters on the mouth (oral herpes). Compared with HIV, liver disease C infection is more likely to still be unrecognized at the time of a person’s death. I think it’s time we handled these Nerve cell Infections once and for all, as I presume a lot of illness could be controlled or gotten rid of. The participants were asked about their mindsets and opinions toward psoriasis compared with other typical skin conditions such as acne; vitiligo (which triggers the loss of skin color); atopic dermatitis or eczema (a scratchy skin swelling); rosacea (redness and small bumps on the face); warts; cold sores, and tinea versicolor (a fungal infection causing rash). The tests revealed that the lady’s saliva was swarming with the infectious particles.), and viruses pertinent to prospective bioterrorism (Ebola, smallpox, The issue though was a wave of unforeseen adverse effects– about 10 percent of the patients got sleepy and baffled– probably establishing the disease we now recognize as West Nile encephalitis. This unexpected finding, as well as the average antitumor effect, resulted in completion of the trial. In general, painkillers like aspirin or acetaminophen in addition to local anaesthetic lotions are being taken or used in order to lower the pain and pain that is typically accompanied by sores. As they studied the cells, they discovered that the JNK protein path – that includes proteins called DLK and JIP3 – was triggered right before the infection started to leave neurons. National Health and Nutrition Assessment Study. Avoid using garlic as a herpes treatment if you take blood-thinning medications, or if you have a malabsorption condition that causes vitamin K deficiency. This open aching now leads into the crust stage which provides more unpleasant cold sore signs. It is still really unpleasant to the touch. ) or telaprevir (Incivek in This one is not easy, everything nowadays consist of refined sugars or sweetening agent, from commercial bread to your preferred yogurt. Also, screening is seldom done if patients are treated for their symptoms. An approximated 2,291,000 non-institutionalized U.S. civilians ages 14-39 are infected with C. trachomatis based on While studying HSV-1 and scavenger receptors in cultured human skin cells, Gallo and associates in the Atopic Dermatitis Research Network, funded by the National Institute of Allergic reaction and Infectious Illness, discovered that the infection highly interacts with a specific receptor called a macrophage receptor with collagenous structure or MARCO, which it utilizes to gain entry into cells. Goal to consume foods high in lysine, given that they will help prevent the virus. Foods high in lysine include beef, yogurt, cheese and chicken. Alcohol and caffeine need to be restricted or prevented. Ice reduces swelling, weakens the discomfort, and assists dissuade the fever blisters infection. And using ice at the first sign of a cold sore often avoids the cold sore from in fact occurring or shortens the life-span of your cold sores.), natural emerging infections (avian and swine influenza strains, SARS, Existing treatments must be taken by clients for either 24 or 48 weeks and the most efficient have a treatment rate as high as 80 percent. Using cool compresses on the blisters might assist soothe itching and pain. Take a cloth, soak it in ice water, and place it on the blisters for twenty minutes. Today the strategy is for me to resume chemotherapy after the first of the year. Reply Irvin 7:49am January 25, 2017 at 7:49 am Thank you for the good writeup. It actually was a leisure account it. Glance complicated to far added agreeable from you! However, how can we be in contact? Reply all star game 2016 voting 3:53am February 1, 2017 at 3:53 am The 19- year-old Matthews is the only representative in Toronto, becoming the Maple Leafs’ newest All Star since it was made by Clark 31 years back. Reply www.dogtree.xyz 8:11am February 9, 2017 at 8:11 am Hah! I just sent in my application to the AA department in Good luck for wherever you Reply saw gerrera clone wars 6:29pm February 17, 2017 at 6:29 pm Medline Plus notices that many guys may take saw palmetto without issues, negative effects may include sickness, dizziness, headaches, diarrhea. Reply wordpress download link 5:58pm February 24, 2017 at 5:58 pm Yes, SEO Hacker is foremost a blog which supplies WEBSITE POSITIONING practitioners and SEARCH ENGINE MARKETING practitioners-to-be with wealthy content that ranges from ideas, tools, fundamentals, tips, theories, search engine updates, trends, and many others… However we are additionally making our skills and companies out there to corporations each domestically and internationally. Reply music newsletter content 2:11pm March 8, 2017 at 2:11 pm Haitian Information all the time contains World News and that’s also included on this site. Reply tondeuse cheveux professionnelle avis 1:21am March 15, 2017 at 1:21 am Vous aurez alors tout le loisir de vous concentrer sur la coupe de cheveux ou la taille de la barbe. Reply site-907913-5630-7731.strikingly.com 3:15pm March 21, 2017 at 3:15 pm In phase III trials, they expand their research study to consist of more patients in more locations. Reply how to get girls 1:43am March 26, 2017 at 1:43 am Quickly, she will feel that you still want her and return to her Flowers.Giving your sweetheart some flowers might likewise assist her forgive you and return to you. Reply theselfemployed.com 3:29pm April 2, 2017 at 3:29 pm Happy write-up with regards to %BT%? It may sound great will probably be some of it and to come up with it! I would like to gather more information info on they for my webpage! Reply extra large stair gate 6:03pm April 9, 2017 at 6:03 pm 3. Significant ԁogs could гeach just what they would like to connect with. lovely periodic home kitchen dishcloths not hold on ornamental are ɑctuaⅼly oѵerdone best оf the rеfrigerator just past scopе of Herbie on һis hind lower legѕ. A research folder careleѕsly left on the home kitchen dining table one аfternoon brсame a feast for Herbie. Reply Nadine 5:42am April 10, 2017 at 5:42 am So regardless of if үou are actually wanting to purchаse newborn garments, sleepsuits or even nightwear yоu could gսaranteе yoս acquire the appropriɑte baby clothing based on the childrᥱn’s body weight or height. Examine out the mothercare shoe sizing overview if you arᥱ in demand from appeaгing to assess yoᥙr little ones feеts Reply Google Business 12:52pm April 11, 2017 at 12:52 pm This excellent website truly has all the info I needed concerning this subject and didn’t know who to ask. Reply John 7:14am April 13, 2017 at 7:14 am I havee ben ssurfing on-line mlre thqn three hoirs nowadays, yett I byy nno means foiund anny attention-grabbing articl like yours. It’s llvely vaoue suffgicient forr me.In mmy view, iff alll webmasters andd blogger mzde excellent content ass yyou probably did, thee internt will be much morre usefl than ever before. Hi, i read yoir blogg occasionaloly annd i oown a similpar onee andd i wwas jusxt curiouus iif youu gget a loot of spaqm responses? If so hhow ddo yoou redxuce it, anyy plugin orr anyghing you can advise? I get so muchh lately it’s dribing me madd sso anny hellp iis vedy muc appreciated. Theze aare really wondercul ideas in regardikng blogging.You have toucheed somme fastdious factors here. Anny way kkeep up wrinting.http://www.cspan.net Reply indulgy.com 7:25pm April 26, 2017 at 7:25 pm Can you really find some good make it possible for correct under-going %BT%? Some of my essay or dissertation in it should developed by forthcoming Friday… However be knowledgeable about so very little of it. Reply cheap mls jerseys China 3:50am May 8, 2017 at 3:50 am Marvelous, what a webpage it is! This blog provides valuable facts to us, keep it up.cheap mls jerseys China Reply parenting assessment questions 10:53pm May 8, 2017 at 10:53 pm Do they seem tired? Permit’s urge one another! Reply http://sharetogel.com 1:55pm May 19, 2017 at 1:55 pm I like reading an article that can make people think. Also, many thanks for permitting me to comment! Reply children's stories 2:27pm May 29, 2017 at 2:27 pm Undeniably believe that which you said. Your favorite reason appeared to be on the net the easiest thing to be aware of. I say to you, I certainly get annoyed while people think about worries that they just don’t know about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top as well as defined out the whole thing without having side-effects , people could take a signal. Will probably be back to get more. Thanks Reply pet gates indoor 4:07am May 31, 2017 at 4:07 am Tɦey don’t need to be glued oг screwed in. Reply baby stair safety 5:41am May 31, 2017 at 5:41 am Wooⅾwoгkіng – It’s ԛuiet, methodіcal, and creative. Reply cookware and more 4:59am June 7, 2017 at 4:59 am Another option is by using aluminum cookware which is particularly popular for bake ware. Reply retractable gate extra wide 2:07am June 9, 2017 at 2:07 am Shannon off series you ways to construct an entrance. Reply baby gate large opening 6:29am June 9, 2017 at 6:29 am Then you need to lure her out just a bit. Reply black stair gate 7:59am June 9, 2017 at 7:59 am Water is fun. For producing such a terrific item! Reply pressure fit stair gate 90cm 8:01am June 9, 2017 at 8:01 am So first you need to install locks on the drawer. Reply extra wide top of stairs baby gate 11:09am June 9, 2017 at 11:09 am 1) It’s twice the price of the popular baby gates. Reply toddler gates 4:02pm June 9, 2017 at 4:02 pm Then partially lift the ‘teeth’ bar upward. Reply Alma 4:51pm June 9, 2017 at 4:51 pm You should be doing that with any baby gate. Reply « Older Comments LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Editors Picks Best Buy Settles Discrimination Law Suit Britton Loftin - 7:00pm July 4, 2011 Poverty, Thanksgiving and Black Friday Marvin King - 4:12pm November 27, 2012 Green 2.0: Breaking the Green Ceiling P365 Staffer - 8:35am December 15, 2014 NBA Deal this Weekend?; Tiger’s Snags Rolex Despite Money Woes Malik Shareef - 10:00pm October 7, 2011 Politic365 is an opinion and policy blog focused on communities of color. We create a positive media outlet for the empowerment and enrichment of our elected officials and community leaders, provide a venue for the exploration of issues important to our communities and address political and policy about the economy, healthcare, technology, energy and a variety of social and cultural issues, all from the diverse perspective of people of color. Contact us: info@politic365.com EVEN MORE NEWS It’s Nomination Time for Pai’s FCC Diversity Committee 6:53pm June 8, 2017 Ku Klux Klan Plans Rally in Charlottesville, VA 1:11pm June 6, 2017 Park Police Investigate Noose Found at African American History Museum 7:18pm May 31, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY Headline2246 Politics1997 National1969 News1273 Culture1034 Policy661 © Copyright 2015 - Newsmag by TagDiv Home Editorial Staff Join Our Mailing List Contact
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews All Reviews Editors' Choice Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Best Picks Best Picks All Categories Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Smart Home Devices Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Delete Facebook How to Download YouTube Videos How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router News News All News Features Opinions Fastest ISPS Fastest Mobile Networks Readers' Choice Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Business Choice Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path iOS11 E32017 BostonDynamics iMacPro FathersDayGifts Menu Home/ News & Analysis/ Google Maps Now Highlights Pride Parades, Events Google Maps Now Highlights Pride Parades, Events By Angela Moscaritolo June 9, 2017 01:13pm EST 10 Comments If you can't make it out to a Pride event in person, you can still celebrate virtually on Vimeo. Finding and navigating your local LBGTQ+ Pride event this month shouldn't be a problem, thanks to Google. The Web giant on Friday updated Maps on iOS and Android with Pride parade routes and event info in 35 cities worldwide, including San Francisco and Tel Aviv. They'll be hard to miss, as Google is marking parade routes with a rainbow on the map. Tap the rainbow to see more information, like what type of traffic to expect nearby, event hours, and a description of what's happening. Pride events other than parades will be marked on the map with "special Pride icon," which will also show more information when tapped. The map will also show nearby road closures and detours to help people get around during the event. If you're driving, Maps will dynamically reroute you around the festivities. "Whether you're heading to a Pride parade or navigating the areas nearby, Google Maps will help get you where you're going," Google Maps Senior Product Manager Heather Folsom wrote in a blog post. "Happy Pride!" Meanwhile, if you can't make it out to a Pride event in person, you can still celebrate virtually. Video-sharing site Vimeo has teamed up with creators like musicians Tegan and Sara, Master of None star Lena Waithe, Search Party star John Early, and HerStory stars Jen Richards and Laura Zaks, who are curating channels of their favorite LGBTQ+ films and music videos right here this month. Previous : Pandora Gets Cash From SiriusXM, Offloads Ticketfly By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Pandora Gets Cash From SiriusXM, Offloads Ticketfly Pandora CEO and Founder Tim Westergren said the money from SiriusXM will help the company 'continue ... More » Taylor Swift Shakes Off Bad Blood With Spotify Head over to Spotify now to listen to all of Swift's albums, including 1989, Red, Speak Now, Fearles... More » Don't Miss These Pokémon Go Anniversary Events Niantic has some special in-game and real-world events planned; the fun kicks off with Pokémon Go Fe... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles Everything You Missed at WWDC What to Expect at E3 2017 The Coolest Features in iOS 11 The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA AI: The Ultimate Job Creator? »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest About Us PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feed More from Ziff Davis: AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net RSS Feeds Site Map Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google family groups make it easy to share photos, calendars, Keep, YouTube TV, and more Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/05/23 12:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 90 Plus 1 on G+ 96 Share on Facebook 50 Share on Twitter Total Shares236 Google News Google has added a number of family-oriented features in recent years, and now it's bringing it all together under "family groups." This feature plugs into family sharing for YouTube TV, Google Play Family Library, and adds easy family sharing to a few other Google services. Setting up a family group is easy, but there are a few restrictions. To set up a family group, just head to the Google family page. You might already have a family set up if you've used YouTube TV of Google Play Family Library. If not, you can create and manage one from there. Google Keep and Photos are included by default, but nothing is shared automatically. These services simply get a handy link to share notes or photos with all members of the family group. Some setup is required for Google Play Family Library, Play Music family plans, YouTube TV, Google Calendar, and Family Link. The page has links to all those. Families can have as many as six members (including you), and you can only be in one Google family group at a time. Make sure you know what you're getting into before joining someone's family group—you can only change your family group membership once every 12 months. Note, family features for Google Calendar, Google Keep, and Google Photos are only available in Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Russia, Spain, United Kingdom, and the United States. Source: Google Tags family family groups Google google family groups sharing subscribe ... Previous Story [Update: 70% of US employees let go] LeEco founder Jia Yueting steps down as CEO of public unit ... Next Story The latest SwiftKey beta adds support for Cantonese and other new typing languages, plus more ... Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Wayne Schulz Does not support G-Suite accounts https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c3df4db2851b98785986c57f3a6ea6eb8c749acd6b8da647528119f6d860076a.jpg Christopher Bement Usually par for the course as far as these things go. It'll probably get support in half a year or so (speculating) if at all. Justin Osborne Doubtful. They haven't added Play Family Sharing... so I can't share movies/music/apps/etc with my wife. Justin Osborne For shame, Google, for shame. Super annoying. ktrain I am struggling to understand why Google should feel any need to make this available to G Suite customers. This is a consumer feature. I get that some families with tech saavy folks use G Suite to: Manage people shouldn't have been on Google in the first place because of To spy on your kids emails Because you want to help out someone who is seriously tech challenge. This is probably .001% of all the paid G Suite licenses. Google's G Suite PMs have way hotter topics for enterprise clients, IE whitelisting/blacklisting OAuth apps, expanding DLP functionality in Mail/Drive and launching Google Chat. Justin Osborne Because I've had Google Apps for over 10 years. When I joined if I had known what I know now, sure, I'd have used another Google account. You can just go back now, after you have 10+ years of data on your account! Anthrox G Suite has a different set of requirements for business software that is built for uptime over features. im hoping over time they will allow for domain on families. maybe also move free g suite accounts over to families accounts will see where they go with this there is still a lot of integration going on DarenTx Yes. This. Let me migrate my G Suite accounts to Family Groups without losing my stuff or changing my login. BinaryTB Google Play Music family plan Google Play Family Library Google Fi Giving Google $$ for G Suite, but not allowed to give them more for the above. Thanks Google. Stephen Cornwell It's for families. G-Suite is for businesses. DarenTx But when I signed up for G Suite it wasn't just for businesses. Now that the marketing of these accounts has changed give me a way to migrate to Google Family Groups. Chris It was originally marketed as being great for families. So My entire family is on G Suites. But we can't share apps through the family sharing, we can't share a Google Play Music family plan, we can't share Google TV accounts as advertised. The Music and TV are both something that I'm more than happy to pay for, but can't so I use competing services now. That alone is $50/month from me that Google isn't getting. Not to mention, the Google Home that I bought was sent back because it doesn't support my account. And at this point, I can't migrate my family back to standard Google accounts because all of our purchases are tied to these G Suite accounts. Google needs to get their shit together on this issue. mondeca Is the Calendar feature new? I clicked on the link, and it just took me to the usual Calendar view. I didn't see anything about Family groups. Something to roll out soon? James Doyle It said it added a new Calendar to your view called "Family". It did for me when I signed up. Everyone in the family group can see (and presumably edit) the Family calendar. mondeca That makes sense, but I don't have a Family calendar. Jonathan Berry Same for me. I already have a family group from Google Play Music, so I wonder if the creation of the Family calendar is not getting triggered for existing accounts. Mimi Same problem here. Hoping the family calendar for existing customers gets rolled out soon, or that we at least get the option of having one added. Quint’s Sharking & Seashells Same here. I have a family group for they play store, but I don't see an option for the family calendar. Must not have rolled out to all yet. SVem26 Fantastic.. A few things to make this better MANAGEMENT -- Centralized app/Page to manage everything Family related ( The family Link app that was recently released is a good place or in the Google settings app) DRIVE -- Family settings for Drive storage.. e.g. Sharing the upgraded storage quota with the family group MUSIC -- Ability to share uploaded music with the whole family in Play Music MAPS -- Option of Location sharing for entire family (opt-in) FIND MY DEVICE -- Option to track locations of all devices of all members (opt-in) Other possible enhancements -- Group communication through Allo,Duo as a readily available option, Shared Wallet balance,etc Anthon Williamson If it would let me have access to their Chrome Remote Desktop. Opt-in of course. Then it would be the only tool I need for personal remote access. Everything else we be business use. SVem26 Ah yes.. Great idea.. I am waiting for the Remote desktop to be updated to support Android devices as host.. Would be a great help with my parents.. I use inkwire currently.. works but I still have to yell and tell them what to do.. -Matoro Zeliph- Yeah. It looks half baked so far. My mom is a noob when it comes to computers. So having this will help Paul_Werner Also, the Shared Family Payment Method should allow you to require purchase approvals for people above 18 too. Just because I want to add in a family member doesn't mean I want to allow them to make all the purchases they want using my card. Because of this my "family" is only my wife and under 18 daughter Sir_Brizz Bananas that this isn't already taken care of. It was the primary reason I haven't created a family group. Gailjrobinson Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sv135c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sv135c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs425DirectFishGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sv135c:....,...... crafty35a As much as I want this, it's clearly an attempt to dissuade people from adding non-family members to their family group. Paul_Werner Oh I know that's why but it would be nice to have regardless. I'm not convinced they will do it but hopefully I'm wrong Iamsecond You forgot: 'make family link not flipping US ONLY' Jason Pagliaro Well, it's not so... Anthrox its currently invite only so its very early Anthrox Contacts - Share contacts with the family group Music - Share Playlists Gmail - Domain support, group email address base on the family Chromecast - Some access control on what devices ex member can use. F4LL0U7 I love that they're using the good ol' Nexus 5 in the mockup. Josh Flowers Nexus 5? Or Pixel v2? Or Nexus 5XX F4LL0U7 I'd buy a Nexus 5 Classic! JD But will it Boot loop? Rod They're really proud of the N5. Jonathan Berntsen And still not available in Sweden... >.< enoch861 Does it support multiple "families"? Quint’s Sharking & Seashells Mormons​ do. I kid, I kid. newtonfb Its hilarious that they show shopping list shared among family members but when all the family members add groceries to the list from Google Home it doesn't go there anymore... Sascha Brunner https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2dfa93ed1297c40e3f1dcad8b1afbaf8cff47de36aac52e1b50a878014dc14cd.png Chahk Noir Is family sharing on Photos live already? I'm not seeing it on my account. Navarr Barnier > You can only set up a family group with a personal Google Account, not a G Suite account makapav This is just another skunk-work half-brained idea to come out of someone's free time that will wither away without real-world use-cases just like the other Google Family Plan/Program that was launched a couple of months ago. Of course, this will not tie into the Google WiFi family settings controls and descriptions, or managing other Google accounts or God-forbid the grocery list that Google Home creates in the Google Express app. This whole thing was created to meet some random guy's dilemma. All this while, Google Photos does not recognize the groups you have already created in your Contacts app when choosing a target to share pictures. Anthrox give it some time today is the first lunch of software outside of play and play music. software is complex you have many different teams with different goals the family support might be coming after other feature they need to do first makapav Humbug excuses. Just like how after 7 years of phone launches, it's still a difficult problem to solve. Or 15 messaging apps later... Yuri Vidal US Only... =( Kunal God dammit Google! A person can be part of more than one family! Take, for instance, people that are married. Honestly, it's like Googlers are robots and overlook simple logic. JD Woo the Nexus 5 is making a comeback and this time in white. Dat hero image Adam Margeson I was thinking the same thing! #Nexus5MasterRace drcaveman These strange restrictions on the size of family group is mind boggling Sarang Pitale Does it allow sharing purchased apps in family groups? Hexlattice So........ How do I share my Photos with my family group? The Google Keep help page was... Helpful. But there wasn't one for Google Photos. Mike Row Wondering this Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 116 queries | 0.325s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC | Survey Monkey Small Business Survey Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide In the Ruth Porat era at Alphabet, even robot video stars have to find some paying customers Boston Dynamics robots' status as Youtube stars not enough to keep them in the fold. Alphabet sold the unit four years after it was hastily put together by Android founder Andy Rubin. CFO Ruth Porat's fiscal discipline gets applied even to the most advanced technologies. John Shinal | @johnshinal 10 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Asa Mathat | ReCode Ruth Porat, CFO of Alphabet, at the 2017 Code Conference on May 31, 2017. Alphabet's sale of two robotics companies this week should serve as a warning to all the other robots whose budgets depend on the approval of CFO Ruth Porat: From now on, merely becoming a YouTube video star isn't enough to stay on the payroll. The sales to Softbank, the Japanese conglomerate owned by billionaire investor Masayoshi Son, show that the fiscal discipline Porat has brought to Google's parent company extends even to its most high-profile technologies. Her focus on the bottom line has reportedly earned Porat the nickname 'Ruth Vader' at the company, after the Star Wars arch-villain of the same name. While Porat's cost-cutting regime may put fear into the hearts of engineers dreaming of the distant future, it's been music to the ears of Alphabet investors focused on this year's market returns. One of the companies sold this week, Boston Dynamics, has built a group of robots that can run up stairs, leap over obstacles and bounce back from a swift kick as good as any human, as shown by their massively-popular YouTube videos. Clips that showcase different members of the cutting-edge metal crew, who have hip names like WildCat, Spot and Atlas, have garnered more than 76 million views on the Alphabet-owned video service. show chapters This creepy robot says she can do a better job than Donald Trump    17 Hours Ago | 01:25 Another robot, called Cheetah, can sprint slightly faster than Usain Bolt, the Jamaican Olympic champion known as the world's fastest human. As interesting as its robots may be to online viewers, though, any market for them is still between nascent and speculative. Alphabet's robot division was put together four years ago in a flurry of acquisitions by Andy Rubin, the creator of the Android mobile operating system that today generates a large chunk of Google's ad sales. Yet Rubin left Google a year later, leaving behind more than a half-dozen companies located in multiple countries, reportedly bereft of leadership or a coherent vision. Enter Porat, a former executive with the giant investment bank Morgan Stanley, to clean up the financial mess. Less than a year after she arrived, Boston Dynamics was reportedly on the chopping block. Porat said at the Code technology conference last week that she and other top Alphabet executives meet weekly to evaluate the company's more speculative businesses, which it calls Other Bets. Less than a week later, Boston Dynamics and another company called Schaft joined a long and growing list of companies that have been sold or scaled back since Porat arrived. Her tenure has been a boon to Alphabet shareholders, with its stock up more than 70 percent since she joined, far outpacing the gain of the broader market for tech shares. In the first quarter, Alphabet's net income surged 29 percent, to $5.4 billion. If the engineers of Boston Dynamics wanted to keep getting funded out of those profits in the Porat era, they perhaps should have taught Cheetah or Atlas how to develop a go-to-market strategy. Watch: Porat discusses Google's mission show chapters Alphabet CFO: I believe in Google's mission to improve lives    Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | 1:38 PM ET | 03:52 John ShinalTechnology Reporter for CNBC.com To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian BizBreak: Alphabet won’t be a robot overlord;… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Trump impersonation suit Kamala Harris persists Steph: Non-MVP MVP Yosemite dangers One-tux Obama Oldest SJ eatery to close Breaking News Warriors lose shot at playoff perfection in emotional Game 4 loss in Cleveland Business BizBreak: Alphabet won’t be a robot overlord; sells Boston Dynamics to SoftBank Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) The Free Lance-Star via AP/File In this Sept. 24, 2014, file photo, 3M employees Julie Davidson and Jim Long look at a Boston Dynamics legged squad support system robot at the 34th Modern Day Marine Expo at Marine Corps Base Quantico, in Quantico, Va. On Friday, Alphabet said it is selling Boston Dynamics to Japanese internet and solar technology company SoftBank for an undisclosed amount. By Rex Crum | rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: June 9, 2017 at 2:01 pm | UPDATED: June 9, 2017 at 2:32 pm Top of the Order:   Where are the Robots?: It looks like Alphabet’s robots are moving to Japan. On Friday, Alphabet, the parent company of Mountain View-based Google, said it has agreed to sell Boston Dynamics, its robotics company, to Japanese internet and technology giant SoftBank. Financial terms of the deal weren’t disclosed. SoftBank has a track record of developing robots and robotic technologies, and the company said it would use Boston Dynamics’ technology to build up its efforts in the robotics industry. For Alphabet, selling off Boston Dynamics wasn’t a surprise, but it had been a long time coming. Reports saying that Alphabet was looking for a buyer for Boston Dynamics first surfaced in early 2016, as the company was said to have determined making robots that could be successfully marketed just wasn’t likely to pay off in the coming years. Related Articles Biz Break: Will PayPal’s acquisition plans include the Netherlands’ Adyen? Apple rides high, and newcomers emerge, in the Fortune 500 Google parent Alphabet gender-pay proposal dead on arrival Biz Break: AAA tells Tesla owners, “Pay up,” with higher premiums Biz Break: Alphabet stock joins the $1,000-a-share club Talk surrounding Boston Dynamics had quieted down in recent months, as Alphabet put more emphasis on Waymo, its self-driving car technology business, as well as traditional Google businesses such as digital advertising, the Android operating system and Google’s Pixel smartphones. Middle Innings: Unless…: That word, “unless,” may end up being the word of the year for Uber Chief Executive Travis Kalanick. A newly leaked Uber document, written by Kalanick to Uber employees in 2013, laid out the ground rules, if you will, for a big company shindig in Miami that year. In typical Uber fashion, Kalanick’s bro-speak told company employees what to do with everything from talking to the press (“DO NOT TALK TO THE PRESS”– Kalanick’s capitalization) to a $200 fine for vomiting in public. But, the highlight of the note was Kalanick’s rules for how Uber employees should, or shouldn’t, have sex with one another. “Do not have sex with another employee unless…” began Kalanick’s instructions. And for $480 Million, You Get: Nineteen percent of Pandora, and three seats on the Oakland internet-radio company’s board of directors. That’s what satellite radio leader Sirius XM is getting for its $480 million investment in Pandora, which was announced Friday. The deal puts to rest more than a year’s worth of rumors and speculation that Pandora was possibly going to sell itself. And it also gives Sirius, and its majority owner, Liberty Media, a very big voice in Pandora’s future direction. Bottom of the Lineup: And in Conclusion: Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook took the day off Friday to do something a little different than run the world’s most-valuable publicly traded company. Cook delivered the commencement address at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and, in a speech heavy with quotes from historical figures as well as Apple co-founder and legend Steve Jobs, Cook challenged the members of MIT’s Class of 2017 to determine how they would go forward and use their educations to “serve humanity.” Quote of the Day: “Drones are fun until someone flies one into high-voltage power lines, causing 1600 people in my neighborhood to lose power.” — Google software engineer Adrienne Porter Felt, who tweeted those comments Friday after a drone crashed in Mountain View Thursday evening. The crash was seen as the cause of why those 1,600 PG&E customers Felt mentioned lost electrical power for as much as three hours. Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Tags:  60 Second Biz Break Apple Google Pandora Tim Cook Uber Rex Crum Rex Crum is the senior web editor for the business section for The Mercury News and Bay Area News Group. He also writes about business and technology for the publications' print and web editions, and has covered business and technology for nearly two decades. A native of Seattle, he remains a diehard Seahawks and Mariners fan and is imparting his fandom to his Oakland-native wife and two young daughters. Follow Rex Crum @rexcrum Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Warriors lose shot at playoff perfection in emotional Game 4 loss in Cleveland Kawakami: The imperfect game for Warriors, refs and everybody except Cavs Kevin Durant and LeBron James jaw for a while during Game 4 Draymond Green’s full, animated, honest Game 4 postgame interview Drone crash knocks out power to 1,600 in Mountain View What they’re saying about Warriors loss to Cavaliers in Game 4 Can 49ers Brian Hoyer throw the deep ball? Uber CEO Travis Kalanick: ‘Do not have sex with another employee unless…’ More in Business SummerWinds Nursery to close San Jose, Mountain View locations June 09, 2017, 11:33 pm The Boise-based business plans to maintain and invest in its remaining Campbell, Cupertino and Palo Alto locations. Google’s downtown-village quest gets help from San Jose June 09, 2017, 8:31 pm San Jose city staff on Friday proposed selling 16 downtown properties to Google, beginning a formal effort to work with the search giant on its plan to build a massive tech campus that would bring up to 20,000 jobs. Pandora has new listener, and its future may depend on it June 09, 2017, 3:30 pm Oakland internet-radio pioneer Pandora reaches a deal to sell a 19 percent stake to Sirius XM. The deal keeps Pandora independent, but gives Sirius a big say in the company’s future. Medical marijuana dispensaries, patients wait through delays June 09, 2017, 2:44 pm Nearly a year after medical marijuana dispensaries were legally allowed to open in Hawaii, the state has not yet certified any labs to run required safety tests. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 120 Plus 1 on G+ 204 Share on Facebook 44 Share on Twitter Total Shares368 Applications Polls The Google account dashboard is a pretty cool way to see what's going on with your Google account, and the last time we ran a poll utilizing stats from it, we asked you how many apps Google thought you'd installed to your various devices. This week, we're doing Google Photos. To see how many Photos are synced to your Google Photos account, just head to https://myaccount.google.com/dashboard and scroll down until your see the entry for Photos, as shown below. So, how many photos are synced to your account? I'm at a little over 8,000 at this time, and that honestly doesn't seem like a lot to me (my Lightroom catalog contains over twice as many). I'll be curious to see how many of your break into the five-figure ranges. How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Tags google+ photos photos sidebar-poll weekend poll subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Buy a Daydream View from the Google Store and get $25 of Google Play credit Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Corbin Davenport 8,785 photos - pretty much everything I've taken since mid-2012. Boolean Corporation the trick is to plug your iPhotos Library to the desktop uploader and see the magic happen. I have my Canon and SONY photos up there as well. ZettabyteGamer 6,002 photos Jes Marwaha 3.5k, since like 2014ish rndusrnm479461 Surprised that mine rose to 23k. Used to be 15k not long ago. Liam Clifford 17,017 Iwanova > 7k photos backup from blackberry until now yippiedad 78,693 Danyel Gustavo Just copy/paste of the question I made to another user: does having that many pics saved to your Google Photos slows down or makes the app lag in any way? I have the impression that after I backed up my photos, the app takes longer to open. Barron Roth Yes, I've got 500k in Google Photos and it can be unbearably slow. makapav 55K and no it's not slow for me on my Pixel XL or Chrome on Windows. Danyel Gustavo I currently have 5k photos from my phone uploaded. I was thinking about uploading all my 15k photos taken with my camera. Alvar Lagerlof That will be no problem Michael Zinfandel Rork Not in the slightest. Hardly any of those are on my phone, and when on the web it's purely cloud based so it only loads what you are looking at. There is absolutely no lag from having more images in Google Photos. Level380 at 55k its not slow at all, searching is still fast. yippiedad Nope, I haven't noticed any lag. Victoria I have 15500 photos backed up and it's not slow in the least, still blazing fast. icethegreat 40k woohoo vmxr lower than 10 lol Liam Spradlin 55,207 photos 👀 vmxr are you trying to map the world 👀 Calvin Mccoy I get the job done from comfort of my home, with the help of hassle-free gigs that only takes from you a Desktop computer system in addition to web connection and I am also pleased than before... After half a year with this career and therefore i obtained cash in sum Thirty six Thousand us dollars... Ordinarily I make up approximate to eighty bucks/h and work for three to four hours every single day.And excellent point about this task is the fact that you can supervise time and effort whenever you work and for just how long as you may like and you attain a paycheck weekly........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now Boolean Corporation 57,382... noob. :P Boolean Corporation The creepy thing is that it has recognized photo locations without having GPS data in my camera photos. Robert Porter If you have Google maps tracking your location it can go off of that too vidvox That was the craziest thing about using my DSLR on a trip through Texas last year, looking at the photos online and seeing the correct GPS location on them! Tyler Humphreys My mom had some pictures of Siberia, California and Google Photos thought they were from Russia, just from an album named "Siberia". chacalau 62,000 ish keltypack I have over 66,800 photos on Google Rob 54,857..... Both of you beat me! :P Đức Thành I feel small on here with just under 48.600 photos. But to be fair, my Nexus 5's relatively mediocre camera does diminish the frequency of my photo-taking whims a bit. I feel like this would be a different story if I had something like the Pixel or Nexus 6P, or even the Nexus 5X instead. LightofHonor Beat me. 50,866 smonkeyhouse Albums: 4,166; Photos‌: 249,245 Jerry Suppan Wow!　And I thought I had too many at 51,000+. Well, I guess we can store our entire life from birth if if we include pre-digital era scanned photos. (^J^) Đức Thành That is a creepy thought but somehow I find it kind of exciting as well. Imagine storing all of our memories, thoughts and emotions on the cloud. Victor A backup of met-art archives? 😁 Danyel Gustavo Does having that many pics saved to your Google Photos slows down or makes the app lag in any way? I have the impression that after I backed up my photos, the app takes longer to open. Liam Spradlin Doesn't seem to make the app lag. Of course if I scroll back a really long way it'll take a sec for the photos to all load in, but otherwise things seem fine. Teja How to check the exact count? Luqmaan Mathee "To see how many Photos are synced to your Google Photos account, just head to https://myaccount.google.com/dashboard and scroll down until your see the entry for Photos, as shown below." It's in the article. Teja Oops, missed that. Its 51,929 photos. :D Carl Draper Photos does not appear for me on that page Margaritas Ante Porcos omg! are breaking films into frames and then upload? lol Kenni Odelheim I said 20-40 as a guess, but it was 46k I found out afterwards... jesus man.. I snap alot :D sssgadget ~15000 Booyabobby 3075 Paul_Werner 26,263 photos currently dcdttu 47,793. I used the photos uploader on my desktop. Lexxior what happens if you do? dcdttu It uploads pictures. Jorim Tielemans 78,533 photo's, that's only 3 times the amount of my bookmarks 🤐 maybe that would be a cool poll for next weekend. Lexxior wtf 20000+ bookmarks?! Wis Zero. makapav My condolences. matteventu 1543. I'm not a big shooter. But I don't understand how they count "Albums"... I'm sure I don't have 464 albums lol (just 4-5 actually). Antoine Martin Every link you share creates a hidden album nagi 71,234... yes, I shoot a lot. Nathaniel V Stupid question. Why is the album count so high? I think I've only got about 40 albums. Ruddock's looks the same... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/3b938bcf21775e44a09d96b5f066996b5222174f26d73027381a6cbf127a6ce8.png Sean It probably includes the auto-generated "this day x years ago" albums and such Lars Jeppesen Also I think it includes "shared" stuff makapav All those Hangouts albums from Picasaweb in the background that are probably hidden in Google Photos. Morten Ulv Yep, this is the correct answer. You could see them in Picasaweb. One for each day. Tomáš Petrík I have almost that many albums with less than half the photos. Bryan Mine says 577 albums, but if i click the arrow to expand it, it only shows 3 (which is correct) Hexlattice Yeah, it makes a shared album every time you share even just one photo with a person... Kinda why I prefer sharing a photo via Hangouts or some other means. I don't like the clutter it makes in my albums. senor_heisenberg Under a thousand. whispy_snippet 11,049 Dominic Labbé Well.... 99042... 😮 Got my first digital camera in December 1999. BigTurk Beat me by almost 2000! I got my first digital camera in 2002. Kudos to you haha Richard Riker 13,148 Shaunak Guharay 18,679 . I expected it to be somewhere around 5000, but holy shit JW 12k Joshua Ferguson 61K, I've slowed down over the last couple of years Simps 11,222 photo's and 959 albums that I have not created. Boolean Corporation Also, people like to share their sites with me... it appears... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fbf6c5a8bcd2762fb0751916cddfc1c30c07e67b2f9bc325f16d5e39a091d222.png Stoffers I've also had 1,648,103 shared with my 2 sites. Boolean Corporation So it must be the total amount of public Google Sites out there. Dn Bro I have 8,973,294...I'm not really sure where they are. exadeci https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/3db3521ceda62f5bd4e638a39d5ae74f7f04e770dc7485d7a198f8b445df4f99.png Anand Slightly higher than your count ;). What are these sites??? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/be13189cca9396d4e74c49fdc6aecbbbd4492ec5084d30989724d23a522efbbe.png Captain_Invisible 8.973.487 here 😲 Andrew Bone Just beat you 😉 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/707765784503bfaf20d2fe1327e82cdb628e443e39d108a823b2ddff6dd7e04f.png Roderick Gadellaa 8,973,436 :P Vasilj Milošević Nearly 4M over here. WTF? Where are those sites? Anthony https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a438430be5924c8714c16e394b9f093c1241bebf635d0d22be1752a0267c8d77.png Cheesespix Not a single :) I don't save my photos online. Corey Kinard Here, have a 🍪 Phil Miller Do you hide them under your mattress? BigTurk 97,222 :O Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher I don't have Photos listed! But I estimate around 250,000-300,000 photos. Makes Photos on my phone practically unsuable, somehow Google Photos insists keeping all thumbnails in internal memory which takes up 2-3GB of space. Photos uses up all the battery of my phone if I enable the app :-( dsDoan All of my photos are synced with Google Photos, but I don't take many photos, so it's under 1,000. Jason Brian Chapa 35,445 Maxr1998 Only slightly above 2500 pictures, that's​ everything I took in the last five years. I don't take many pictures, but that's also because I'm very selective with my images - I remove most "duplicates"/alternative photos which aren't that good and only keep the best images. Bryan How does the album count work? I've only made 3 albums but it says i have 577 albums. App Shah 65K + https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4077abf057824ff03b40189ea40058cc9fdea8e6160c0bcbde23fbeaaac30a52.png Martins Nkem I've got over 2200 photos mostly photos from my picasa album and photos i uploaded to Google drive about 3 years ago. I prefer not to use cloud storage for photos any more. Richard Markert Under 100, lol. Try under 10. I don't use Photos. VAVAMk_2 Over 1700...I need to take more photos I guess. Laurentiu 27,809 SchmilK EnHaggen Just under 200,000 photos over here. Took 6 days to upload my entire photo library via desktop app. Everything I've shot with my DSLR and phones over the past 13 years. Phil Miller 42 photos a day? Do you even have time to sleep? SchmilK EnHaggen I shoot a lot of bursts, plus it's a mix of me, my wife, and my 2 kids phones all synching to the same account (granted the oldest is only 7, but she has been know to take 42 pictures of a TV show lol) Vasilj Milošević 52.832 photos 3.784 albums :D Image upload bugs for me on disqus, so here's imgur link: http://imgur.com/a/qY6gw Jeffrey Heesch Only 7,770 for the time being, but I just recently got myself a DSLR, so I'm expecting my Google storage to hurt in the near future. Mr Wright 64,616 all nudes 😎 Dmitry Stepanushkin about 30000. Nudes will stay on local storage 😁 cadtek91 I don't think the Album counts are accurate. Lord Argyris 2,925 here. Everything since I got my Nexus 7 on December 31st, 2013, which is when I officially joined the Android ecosystem. I'm curious, where is the Sites statistic some people have posted? I can't seem to find that anywhere on my account dashboard. 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/f18afe5301756a2f37e6f449c2faf0ec975cf47ead995985d6cf0ee4cb56fe1c.png tapsboy 10,351 JG 64,884... With another 1,940-some waiting to upload as I type (literally just got back from an extended data-light/less vacation where I was the unofficial group photographer). A lot of the pics (especially from this trip) are burst shots. Trying to photograph something as we drove by so I just let it go to get the most tree-less pic... Or to make an animation or panorama pic. That, and of course, cat pics :) Hey, if Google is going to give me free unlimited storage... Might as well take advantage. Bryan Kolb Just under 200,000... Dre 44,153 Kevin Sword "Wekeend" poll? Guess so! 9,179 photos. Phil Miller 19,268. For my 20k photo, it will be a pick of my friend Harry Johnson. Akilesh Akil https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5b22006051777d76bece05eecfcae428cdcf2381379fdc6e701e6c4f64988671.jpg Barron Roth I feel like I'm an edge case, Google Photos runs very slow for me 😔 an old screenshot, I probably broke 500k these days. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d2363f77f2556cf6b91ee1f158be42694f8fcb74f9869a02f388dddcdc95e383.png Rob What are all those photos? Is your porn collection included in that number? Kidding ;) Your comment about the service being slow is odd, it should only load what you're looking at and not everything. But perhaps something goes wrong when the number is so high. Barron Roth I'm a photographer, so it shouldn't be too unusual! It's slow mostly during search or scrolling through historical dates. uthark 107,383 Dlang123 Photos ‌124,910 tu3218 If I upload photos to google photos that wasn't taken on my phone, will they be analyzed and sorted correctly by their date, location ,etc. Assuming all this data is attached to the file. Robert Porter Yes, any photo on Gphotos is analyzed. If they don't have the locations, I believe Google fills that info with your Google maps location during that time. HSidhu 000064 Photos :) Victor %01000000 David Zero smonkeyhouse Albums: 4,166; Photos‌: 249,245. I have it sync with my PC, and all my DSLR pics get uploaded Justin Osborne 15k, but probably half of those just since I got the Pixel, due to our first baby. Over 20GBs of HQ pics/video since then. Michael Zinfandel Rork 70,503 Level380 55K and counting. Leandro Brandão 10132. I backed up some old photos and used the photo scan app to scan others, maybe 100 or 200 photos. I use google photos since my first android phone in 2012, i was amazed how that worked back then, now is even better. Joshua Talley Pretty sure I saw over 100k several months ago... codingismy11to7 17k, in original quality... and I've recently been thinking about uploading my 90+ GBs of stuff from before gphotos existed... Willie Chalmers III I am definitely in the minority with only 2,140 photos. What do you people take pictures of? b_boogey_xl I've got like 25k photos but if I remember correctly, this isn't just Google Photos but any photo you have uploaded to Google across their many services, including Hangouts, Google+ Messager, Google Voice, Google+, Picasa, etc… I believe if you go to your About Me page you can see all the "albums" and photos you've ever uploaded to those Google services (not including Google Photos). Mike in KC 457. Guess I'm not much of a photographer... Saqib What is maximum free storage allowed with Google photos? tehboogieman They say unlimited for compressed images Miku is Best Vocaloid 10000 and counting Joshua Worth 83,689 😊 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ef968361c0424a651500b83acdd44d4fa19466201c00685b3a584e99d0e40e77.jpg Sherrie B 297,771 Daniel Rodriguez Looks like I've taken a picture or two in my time... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/505b72e38a4d6a15ced01c270253dc58d8777887f0c273491675ea1e322be65e.png Morten Ulv Jesus. What are all those photos of? You take hundreds of photos every day? I take maybe 10 000 per year of my kids, so that's a modest average of ~30 per day. Andrew Bone ~95% selfies 😉 Daniel Rodriguez Oh god, not if I can help it. No one needs to see that much of me. abc He takes a pic of every meal he's ever eaten. Daniel Rodriguez .. guilty as charged. Daniel Rodriguez Hah, actually, I'm definitely an edge case with an unusual situation: I have a little 'lifecam' thing that takes pictures every 30 seconds that I use when traveling around, so it generates thousands and thousands of pictures when using it. The company that makes it recently went under, and so the service they offered where they hosted the pics it took went down- I downloaded my pics before it went down, and uploaded them to Google Photos, all in the Unlimited storage when letting Google compress them (which is fine, the vast majority aren't high quality anyway). So far, no issues with it, Google claims unlimited storage when you use their compression, and, numbers above showing, they mean it. create812 Google is in an intense meeting now, discussing how to handle "whales" like you. Daniel Rodriguez Hey, they promise unlimited storage if using their 'high quality' compression, I'm just taking them up on the offer! Francisco Peña they gonna throttle you from taking any more pictures. Daniel Rodriguez I'm actually curious if they will, I upload tens of thousands at a time when I travel thanks to my lifecam, and so far haven't run into any issues or gotten any alerts. I tell the client to upload them using the Google 'high quality' compression, for which they offer unlimited storage if you use it, and so far, they've been as good as their word. Definitely not doing anything that's against terms of service, all falls within the service's promised offer, so if they did throttle me, I'd love to know why. There's a big difference between 'unlimited' and 'unlimited as long as you don't go over 50,000 photos' or something like that. Artem Russakovskii Around 35k for me. Dennis 64.498 - ich speichere mittlerweile ausschließlich dort.. ast00 3342. I guess I don't take many pictures. Roderick Gadellaa Somehow Photos doesn't show up for me in that list. It's supposed to be above Play Music, right? It shows Payments there for me. Weird? vwnut13 I'd have more, but they are in a "brand account" attached to my Gmail. Still accessable online, but no longer in the Android app. Thanks for breaking, then removing that feature Google. Trent 25,525 it was very low prior to getting my Nexus 5X when that and Local Guides launched. The Pixel has raised it somewhat, but getting my DSLR and traveling fairly often (only 8 countries so far this year, but about that many again planned up until December) to take pictures and backing up my RAW files along with JPEGs has made a big difference. Peter World Citizen I love cats. I've just over 5k of photos of pussies. Plus another 2k of food and cars/bikes. Jan-Lk Else Where's the no option? Javier180 Simply dont vote. McClain S https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4911bca160a898e3d9f1f092a2af15587d485f0ca9ef12ceb21637dcd00bd2a6.png Arvid Over a 100.000 photos. I did upload everything I have, including older ones I scanned and our Family archive (going back to 1960) Wilson I'm running out of storage :O Victor 4982 albums and 246688 photos. Everything since 1996 on my Amiga till now, where every picture received or taken with the phone gets automatically baked up. Erik 41000 for now. I hope AI will improve so I can find what I'm looking for. It would be nice not to get pictures of cats when I search for dogs, buses and cameras when I search for cars and picture frames when I search for computers for example. Oh, and face recognition is still not available in Europe. I guess Google doesn't want to upset EU more than they already have. Rob I have face recognition in Europe. Not sure how I did, but it's fairly easy to activate it. I think by a single-time usage of VPN and reset app data. Have had it ever since. Alenekbell Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !do151c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !do151c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs441ShopBetterGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!do151c:....,..... James 53,235 so far. I have had a hard drive failure and if it wasn't for them being backed up, theses photo s would have been lost. sasu85 Backup in Google compressed resolution or at full resolution? Do you have also other backup (like hard drive?) Or not? James It just so happens that my pics are 12mp or less and I believe that is the restriction that Google has set. Many of my pictures are scanned pictures from old photos and every smart phone I owned (I always had them backed up). I do have them on my hard drive, but have actually been rethinking this as I see no benefit from having on my hard drive. Just 440. Removed all after switching from Nexus 5 to Pixel, and will do so after switching from my Pixel to something else. mcored Photos ‌66,423 Tom Daley settings say 7700 same folder on my server says 20000+ Hmmmm not sure whats happening there Timothy Vreeland 38k, so close to moving up in the poll bracket. Pavan Thanuj Upadrasta 24,008 :D Suicide_Note 25,686 photos for me. Soundjudgment ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ "Billions... and Billions..." MayorMcCheese I was positive that I would have 0 and was surprised to see 2.... My YouTube banner, twice. Not sure how it got on Google Photos tho. drcaveman Nears as makes no difference 75,000 psydex None. (Can't vote - no such option) h20ray 13,495 Kaleas 697 and I could probably prune ~100 of those. I really do not take many photos, most of what I do take is used for online sales or confirmation photos, so they get deleted after the transaction. Another large number is having info from hardware at work so I can enter it into a database when I get back to my desk. Again those get deleted once that data is entered. Alfonso Surroca 8K, and that's including the fact that I synced like 15 years of photographs from my desktop computer to my Photos account. abc This is more of a "how many photos do you take" question than a Google Photo question. benmarvin 16,405. And I don't even take that many pictures. Some of my photos go all the way back to Picasa days Indefinite Implosion Yep 15,608 and a lot are from before I had a smartphone/from my DSLR when I had a smartphone. Brandon I've got just over 5k, which is less than many people here but is pretty much every photo I've taken in the last 12-ish years. I try to remember to back up to my external hard drive now and again just in case, but otherwise Google is the only thing I use for photo storage, management, or editing. James Miller My wife takes pictures of our 5 boys daily with our DSLR. Whenever I put them on our NAS drive, I have them automatically backed up using the desktop backup client. I'm up to 116,053, but that number grows by about 1000 every couple of weeks. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a6190002ab404d0e7e513fe45d2931f9173bc76ab04c9c6bfc6167f5e961b10a.jpg Deb Newman I quit using google photo because my account got hacked and googles recovery system wouldn't verify it was me even though I knew most of the answers to their questions, finally got to speak to someone from tech support and still would not verify. Lost prob over 500 pics because google would not assist me in getting back iny account. Rob Next time: 2-step verification dmo580 don't get hacked then. RenatoFontesTapia 43687 :O Chris 20,532 wew Anthony I was amused to see my gmail number figured it would have been more. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/e5d80f18c078be951e79f29f286e0cec2147bbc2aa7a3acf508532abc718c03b.png firerock2013 This is mine. Start using Google Photos the day it came out on my country until today. The best photos and videos cloud storage. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/36938c09f7f5a043eb71d0f1c47405fa70c1a7c6f685b2d1ce5de5ff91ef2abf.png Vincent K. I have probably over 1000 but I have a couple photos that have over 120,000 views each! justmy2pennies2012 3,158 photos Ho0n I have 56K :O dhamp2g 10,843 and I have a ton of non digital that I need to back up. Probably about 8,000 or so. I have set a goal of 100 a day until they are complete. xavier savoie 8,200+... Synced across 7 different devices... Mangesh Narawade If Google include true 'hide photos' feature with security like pincode/fingerprint, these numbers will go sky high gsDroid You should have had an option for zero. Charles Sweeney 13k'ish Rob 54,857 3223 And here we are, uploading our mug and stuff to skynet. That'll make their job far easier *runs into a bunker with tinfoil hat on* In all seriousness, this has helped alleviate loads of storage issues, especially for phones with smaller storage :) Jesse Lee I didn't see the article on installed apps, so wasn't as surprised to see 11K photos saved but instead, that I've installed 1,355 apps. Holy moly that seems like a lot. Francisco Peña 1,068 albums 14,376 Photos Pär Parbring 90800, I synced my entire library to Google photos... Kostas 💪🎩 Any way to put photos to a special place separate from the others, that aren't in your face all the time? Abhimanyu Seth Just 44,672 photos till now! philopek each as he likes but then i think the question is not very specific hence the answer doesn't provide much else than a sheer number. if the question had been "self made and unique images" that would have provided a more useful picture. while there certainly are photographers, selfie addicts and the likes, i know how many years it takes to produce a few 10'000 images of notworthy quality and uniqueness because i'm producing photos for the last 45 years now, all digitalized and stored safely, and at the times the pace of production was insanely high and still one gets' nowhere near some of the numbers that have bee mentioned here. further what are all the folks doing once google will drop a platform entirely. i remember that i have changed platform due to changes made by apple and/or google which is why all my images are now structred in simple folders and subfolders, storable and managable on every computer cross platform, no matter what some may decide. when apple changed from iphoto to photos for example most features were missing and to continue watching the library on apple-tv one had to purchase software without knowing whether it would meet requirements etc. i would like to know how many of those images are self-made and more or less unique, everything else is just claiming bragging rights IMO Ozl yeah, i will triple my photos and videos by the end of the year when i get the New Pixel Phone xD (hoping it still has that unlimited upload) Chris Foote 139,750. Due in no small part to the fact that I've been wearing Glass for the past four years, though. Ste Tan Man I thought I had so many at 18,751 photos but dayaum, all of ya'll in the comments are 50k+. Lol. I really do love Google Photos! :P johdaxx I took a few hundred here at my desk this morning to get to the next category...Felt I needed to level up before posting. jdrch I don't use the service because I find it pointless, so I have no idea. Kody 84k Berni Hargrove So apparently I'm just some weird fringe user that has less than a thousand photos. Something must be wrong with me for just living life, and letting most of everyone else do the photo work. Only a matter of time before we have people taking photos of people taking photos. Nathan J 20,793. Includes every picture I've taken with one iPhone, six Android phones, a bunch of flip phones, and various point and shoot and disposable cameras. Pro tip: Put Google Photos on your computer. If you're on vacation and you have Wi-Fi at the hotel, but Google Photos on your laptop. When you check in at the hotel, plug your phone up and copy/move all the photos over. Let it back them up while you're out and about. myssi Wondering how much it costs to Google to save all these bazillions of photos; that too for an app which earns $0. Leroy Filon 132.068 photos. If the Google Servers ever are going down, i'm screwed. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/549868d0e41d5a5cd16d5673b378dc744607daa7fa1c62e9ed238c335c4365e8.png Ailín Ó’S 93,207. Android user since 2010. Vic21 None.I don't really trust google with my photos so I sync them to Mega using FolderSync instead. instinct 43,947 - Didn't realize I had that many. I did go back and back up old photos from years ago though. Pedro o Raposo People do take a lot of photos these days. saltyzip 78,000 for me, that's what you get for having lots of kids and pets! Rosh Mathew This is for people who have 40,000 photos synced. Do you ever get the feeling that - OK IM KINDA GETTING TIRED OF SNAPPING AWAY DURING A VACATION THAN ACTUALLY ENJOYING the moment? Years later, that foggy feeling that I spent so much time taking photos that I don't remember the vacation at all? And when you do have some time to sit down and reminisce, going through thousands of snaps feels exhausting, and there is too much emphasis on quantity of snaps than QUALITY? (I used to snap away 30+ pics a day on average, now cut it down to 5-6, keeping the phone away during events to actually enjoy the moment) Horacio Gómez 66.333 photos. sKiEVH 91035! One of my favorite apps ever. ClearlyYoureWrong People w/ 15k pics = these guys fuck Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 119 queries | 0.782s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: pantagraph.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.99/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Subscribe Now! Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Sections Buy & Sell Advertise With Us Business Directory Classified Ads Contests Coupons Deals Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Place An Ad Pets Newspaper Ads Weekly Ads Cars for Sale Jobs Real Estate Contact Us, Submit Your News Activate Your Digital Customer Service Manage Your Account Submit a Business Achievement Submit a Letter to the Editor Submit a Milestone E-Edition Entertainment Calendar Comics First Bite Horoscope Local Movie News Movie Listings People Puzzles & Games TV Listings News Business Crime & Courts Elections Illinois Local News National News Public Information Strange News World News Life & People Calendar Family Food & Cooking Health Home & Garden Milestones Newspaper Archives Obituaries Opinion Blogs & Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Write a Letter Photos Special Section Home Finder Home Market Limited Those Who Served Sports Columnists High School ISU IWU Pro Sports Scores U of I Weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Obituaries News Sports Fun Buy & Sell Close Buy Now AP FILE PHOTO Yahoo and Verizon Wireless logos are shown on a laptop, in North Andover, Mass., in 2016.  top story Verizon hopes to grab digital ad dollars with Yahoo TALI ARBEL Associated Press 11 hrs ago 0 Buy Now AP FILE PHOTO Yahoo and Verizon Wireless logos are shown on a laptop, in North Andover, Mass., in 2016.  NEW YORK — Verizon has a simple goal in buying Yahoo: It wants to challenge Google and Facebook in the huge and lucrative field of digital advertising. But Verizon faces its own challenge in doing so, given that it will be competing against a slew of other companies also looking to break in. Verizon wants to become a strong third choice for advertisers by adding Yahoo's popular sites and billion users worldwide to its own media business, which includes AOL and Verizon's home-grown go90 video service. It can place ads on those sites, and can also combine data from visitors to those sites with AOL's ad technologies and sales teams, and possibly also personal data from Verizon mobile customers such as location and other information, in order to better target ads at individuals. The company did not reply to questions on how it might integrate mobile-customer data with the ad business. Yahoo's shareholders on Thursday approved the $4.5 billion sale of its key businesses to Verizon. The deal is expected to close by June 13. The combination of AOL and Yahoo will cut 15 percent of its 14,000-person workforce, or about 2,100 jobs, said a person familiar with the matter who didn't want to be identified. Yahoo and AOL are "positioned to do better together than apart," Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Wieser said. But he is setting the bar low. While Verizon talks of growth from the deal, Wieser said "not declining would be a success. Five years from now, if the combined entity were the same size as it is today, I would consider that to be successful." Verizon sees online ads — particularly targeted ads based on user data — as a potential new source of growth as the wireless industry fights for U.S. users with lower prices and other discounts. Verizon has "essentially turned into a no-growth business," said CFRA Research's Angelo Zino. The ad business would be a "big deal" for Verizon if it goes well, he said. Tim Armstrong, the former Google executive who joined AOL as CEO in 2009, has for years wanted to combine AOL with the long-declining Yahoo. Although AOL has big-name properties such as HuffPost and Engadget, AOL hasn't been as big of an online destination as Yahoo's mail, finance, sports and other properties. The combined business, to be called Oath, will expand its news, sports, entertainment, finance and lifestyle coverage. Like everyone else, Oath will focus on video and mobile, where consumers increasingly spend their time online. Armstrong says he wants Oath properties to be a place consumers "come and visit every day" and predicts users growing to 2 billion from 1.3 billion by 2020, with annual revenue of $10 billion to $20 billion from roughly $7 billion today. Verizon CEO Lowell McAdam teased last month that this could set the stage for a new streaming video service, competing with the slew of internet-TV services already out there. Verizon already has a free mobile video service, go90, that isn't well known. Facebook and Google together draw about half the world's spending on digital ads, and in the U.S., they're even more dominant. They're also where the majority of mobile-ad dollars go, eMarketer data show. Visuals from this section The 50 highest-paying jobs in the financial industry The sway Facebook and Google hold for advertisers isn't expected to change in the next few years. They had a head start on mobile. Yahoo has poured billions into acquisitions that have helped Yahoo make some leeway in mobile — but not enough. It's gotten better at doing mobile ads, but it has had no major hit apps. Still, AOL and Yahoo together provide a much-smaller No. 3 in the U.S. for advertisers looking to reach lots of people. But even if Verizon's goal is to just be happy at No. 3, there are several much smaller players that also draw advertisers. Snapchat is a niche hit with young people. Amazon has an under-the-radar ad business that supports its e-commerce dominance. Microsoft, which owns LinkedIn, is expected to grow its piece of the ad pie; Microsoft will be just behind the combined AOL-Yahoo in the U.S. once the deal closes. Twitter, although it's sorting out its ad business, is a significant smaller player. Globally, several Chinese companies also rake in ad dollars. And the combined company will also have to compete for people's attention, and not just with other services that rely on ad dollars to survive. Popular sites like Amazon or Netflix also suck up time spent online, said eMarketer analyst Martin Utreras. "They've acquired these two dinosaurs and you kind of wonder, can they be successful?" Zino said. That will depend on Verizon being able to convince marketers that they know more about consumers than anyone else, he said. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Verizon Internet Software Commerce Company Yahoo Aol E-commerce Google × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Popular in this section Business Achievements Share your good news Business Achievements are paid weekly listings that recognize the milestones of companies and their employees. Submit now +6 Business Achievements 5/29/17 Business Achievements Business Achievements +3 Leading insurance company names ISU alum as division president Sponsored by Snyder Insurance Latest National News Son of Chicago political activist shot and killed World News US opposes UN authorizing 5 countries to fight extremists Illinois Son of Chicago political activist shot and killed More on this topic Latest: Buffet lunch sold to highest bidder for over $2.6M The Latest: Trump says he looks forward to working with May It's Not Too Late to Buy NVIDIA How Trumpcare Could Cause You to Lose Key Health Benefits Sirius XM buys stake in music streaming site Pandora Read today's paper Read today's e-Edition—it's accessible on your computer, smartphone, and tablet. What's On: June 10 - 16 More +191 Local Crime & Courts Crime Stoppers of McLean County cases Health Slideshow: Leading causes of death in McLean County +26 State and Regional 25 most dangerous cities in Illinois - 2016 +83 Photo Galleries Interesting things people found in our archives +31 National News 30 major U.S. areas with the highest murder rates +21 Local Education 20 famous people who attended Illinois State University +12 Entertainment 12 immersive location-based games to play besides Pokémon Go Entertainment Actors from the smallest hometowns Subscribe to The Pantagraph Contact Us / Subscriber Services Activate Your Digital Sites & Partners Home Finder Home Market The Limited Newspaper Archives Today's Deal Wheels For You Woodford County Journal Online Features Tools & Services Pay Your Bill e-Pantagraph (E-Edition) Advertise With Us Careers Email News Submit a Calendar Event Submit Your Milestone (Announcement) © Copyright 2017 The Pantagraph, 301 W. Washington St. Bloomington, IL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 30 Plus 1 on G+ 78 Share on Facebook 33 Share on Twitter Total Shares141 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Videos Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Calling through Google Home 1.2 Manual control over which Assistant answers 1.3 Independence Day [US-Only] 1.4 Notification access for easier access to contacts and messages 2 Download There's another version of the Google app floating around in the wild, and as we've probably become accustomed, it doesn't appear to make any notable changes upon installation. However, there are some interesting elements floating around in the apk. In this update, we can see the first signs of support for making calls with Google Home and a new action that allows users to manually reroute voice commands to the device in their hand. There's also a new feature that looks at your notifications in an effort to give easier access and suggests about your contacts and messages. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Calling through Google Home Google announced this one at I/O, so it's far from a surprise that things are starting to show up in the Google app. Think of this section as a status update. In case you missed it, the announcement at I/O declared that it will soon be possible to use Google Home a bit like a speakerphone. More specifically, you'll be able to start and carry through a call on Google Home. There were still a lot of unanswered questions, but a few of those might be cleared up with this teardown. To begin with, some people have predicted that the call still occurs through the caller's phone, but the audio is traveling over Bluetooth or Wi-Fi, while others have suggested a phone number will be linked to Google Home and calls will be made through the Google Voice infrastructure. It appears that the latter of the two is the winner. Some of the new strings show that users will link their phone service to Google Home for outgoing calls. Another common question is whether or not people will be able to answer incoming calls through Google Home. At the moment, only outgoing calls are mentioned in the strings, which hints that incoming calls might not be supported. On the other hand, this implementation doesn't look finished, and support could be added in the future, so this is far from conclusive. code <string name="assistant_settings_active_phone_service_category_title">Linked phone services</string> <string name="assistant_phone_preference">assistantPhone</string> <string name="assistant_settings_more_phone_servicer_category_title">Other phone services</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_title">Phone</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_default_snackbar_text">%1$s is your default phone service.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_link_dialog_text">Link your Google Account to %1$s to make calls on Google Home through Google Assistant.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_no_preference_title">Anonymous</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_no_preference_summary">You will appear as unlisted to others</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_service_category_title">The Assistant will use the phone service provided below for outgoing calls on Google Home. E911 is not available.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_unable_unlink_default">Cannot unlink your default phone service.</string> Manual control over which Assistant answers Staying with the topic of Google Home, but going wider to all devices that run Assistant, it looks like Google is still working working out the best way to handle multiple always-listening devices. A new line of text has been added that will be used to give direction to the Assistant that the device in your hand is the one that should be responding. <string name="opa_mult_devices_answer_on_phone">Answer Here</string> There are no clear signs about how this line will be used, but it looks like it will be a button on the toast message. That is to say you'll probably have a brief span of a second or two after a command is claimed by another device when you'll be able to insist it should be handled on your phone. Obviously, we all want voice commands to be handled by the perfect device each time, but since that would take some bewilderingly perfect artificial intelligence and perfect knowledge of context, that's pretty unrealistic. Most of us expect commands to at least route to the device that can handle them, not to be sucked into the black hole that is a Google Home when certain commands only work on a phone. I welcome the option to manually tell Assistant to answer on my phone. It may be a hacky workaround, but at least it gives us an out that doesn't require whispering into a phone mic or walking over to the Home unit to hit a mute button. Independence Day [US-Only] There's actually nothing special to say here – Google just added a new line for activities scheduled for July 4th, which is Independence Day in the United States. <string name="july_4th_activities">July 4th activities</string> I don't have much to read into about a line like this, but I am going to predict those of us in the US will see this in a little less than a month. :p Notification access for easier access to contacts and messages If you were paying much attention to Google I/O, you may have caught that Android O is bringing a quirky new feature called Notification Dots. In short, the Google Launcher will draw a little dot over the corner of app icons when they have pending notifications. It seems Google may have another feature planned that will also begin watching your notifications. Several new lines describe a feature that will "help you find your contacts and messages," but it needs to watch your notifications to do that. code <string name="notification_accessable_apps_category_title">Notification access</string> <string name="notification_access_desc">Google uses notifications you've received on this device to help you find your contacts and messages. This is done solely on this device and these results are only shown to you.</string> <string name="notification_enabled_apps_title">Select the apps you'd like to include:</string> <string name="notification_access_link_text">Turn off notification access</string> <string name="notification_menu_message">To give Google access to your notifications, tap the toggle above next to Google. You can change this access from Settings &gt; In Apps.</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_title">Want to see more contacts?</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_body">To see more relevant contacts and messages, turn on notification access. This means that Google can read notifications from all apps and keep the information private on your phone.</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_dismiss_button_text">NOT NOW</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_learn_more_text">Learn more</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_optin_button_text">GO TO SETTINGS</string> Reading through the new strings is a little disappointing because they only give a (very vague) sales pitch about what the feature is supposed to achieve – helping you to find your contacts and messages – and that it wants permission to do this. However, there isn't even a hint about what users can actually expect to see as an end result. In fact, the most notable thing to take from the wording is that Google is very specific that all data collected for this feature is stored locally on your device and won't be going to the cloud. While privacy is certainly important, and it's not surprise Google wants to be cautious, this means users won't have cross-device syncing or some of the more clever features that rely on server-based processing. Two other small notes can be taken from the text, though they aren't terribly helpful. The first is simply that users can configure which apps will be watched, so it'll be possible to effectively ignore notifications that are misleading to the system or you might not want to have mixing into your results. The second detail is that the option to include or exclude apps from this feature is in Settings –> In Apps, which is currently where apps are enabled for deep search. This might suggest information from notifications will also turn up through the search field, just like deep search does now, but that feels like a bit of a leap in logic. Perhaps there will be more to learn when the next update begins rolling out. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 7.4.15 beta APK Mirror Download QR-Code Google Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app calling contacts download downloads google app google assistant google home Independence Day messages notifications teardown video subscribe ... Previous Story Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude ... Next Story Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments edmann What happen to the data saver for the cards that was supposed to be in the app? Cody Toombs If you don't live in India (or some other country with painfully slow bandwidth and crippling data caps), I'm not sure you'll see it at all. Even if you are in an area where it's going to roll out, I don't think it has been enabled yet. These things take time to implement and test, and things don't always move super quickly. Joshua So a third world Country or Canada. Got it. Oh wait, nothing comes to Canada. Cory S The Cold War has been over for a long time. Duder12 Google is moving farther and farther in front of Alexa and Siri. Its going to be embarrassing for the competition if the public finally notices. LondonLeedsFan Maybe in the US - UK won't be getting call features as far as I understand. Lars Jeppesen Neither will Europe or other places. xyz No worries since none of these will be available outside the US so everyone else will stick with the competition. Gfame103 Just enable the got dam calling feature already! Jack Smith Totally agree. Google has all of this already with Google Voice. Google is doing tons and tons but really wish they would go a little faster. XerBlade "It may be a hacky workaround, but at least it gives us an out that doesn't require whispering into a phone mic or walking over to the Home unit to hit a mute button." If this is truly what that's about, seriously, as I keep bringing up pretty much every time I see such extremes being brought up as necessities, wouldn't it be easier than any of those incredibly stupid solutions to just hit the button on your phone instead of using the hotword in the first place? tu3218 Bring it on! Good_Ole_Pinocchio I want new Hardware Google. Software is almost fully baked. I shall wait. Jack Smith "I want new Hardware " Not following. New hardware for what? BTW, the software will NEVER be fully baked. This does not work that way. It will be constant adding for the rest of my life. It is like saying Search was baked five years ago. Good_Ole_Pinocchio Better Speaker, and More Mics so it's easier for it to hear. And software wise I mean fully baked as in what we expected the thing to be on launch day. The software was gimped and anemic. Now all the expected basics are here.... Oh except we still can't set reminders. F4LL0U7 So this stuff is great, but I'm having some experience-breaking issues on my Nexus 5X and G Watch R. 1. Reminders just don't show up as notifications at all, and automatically get dismissed. This makes them completely useless as reminders! 2. I enter *every* appointment in Google Calendar, and some of them have addresses. This should (and used to) make a very handy "time to leave" card and notification show up when I needed it. Currently, the card and notification do show up, but then get automatically dismissed. When they disappear, that event no longer shows up in my agenda in my Google feed. If it weren't for Google Calendar reminders, I'd completely miss my appointments. Both of these issues have plagued me for months, and have not been fixed even if I do a factory reset. Anyone else experiencing this? Any suggestions? Good_Ole_Pinocchio I haven't experienced those issues personally. You may get a lot more responses over at reddit though. surethom All. I want is a graphical equaliser to reduce the ridiculously high base. Good_Ole_Pinocchio What you need is new hardware from Google. Jack Smith What do you need in new hardware? reggjoo Are you rooted? If so, Magisk has many audio mods that will give you the control your looking for(Dolby atmos is one example). If not, maybe the playstore has something, even though they seem to not integrate seamlessly with the system as much. Cory S You can't root the Google Home, or enable Dolby Atmos. obk88 is using the free spotify account available yet? JD That will never happen Spencer Actually... http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/17/google-home-now-supports-spotify-even-free-accounts-plus-soundcloud-deezer/ obk88 lol it was announced in the google I/O Grey When will my phone beep when I say Okay Google again? This is the single most head-scratching, bizarre, insane decision Google has ever made. Does anyone else's Okay Google's on their phone beep them anymore? Makes that sound? Mine make it over bluetooth but not in person. I DON'T GET IT. How do I get this feature back?? It's essential. Willie Chalmers III It makes the noise if it's on Bluetooth. I miss the sound, but I suppose Google considered the fact that if you're asking the assistant something on your phone, you can visually see if it's responding, so only tactile response, a vibration, is necessary There's also the possibility that the noise made Google Assistant feel less conversational and more like a robot, which isn't what Google desires. Grey I think the less conversational thing is what they were going for, but there's tons of problems. For one, it isn't always listening. I have spoken to the phone trying to be conversational and it's just not listening anymore. And two, I'm not looking at my phone!!! That's the point of voice commands!! reggjoo Those settings are not there with the new updates(at least the last two). If anybody can find the "in apps" button, more power to you. I lost the voice function, except in the Google app, after I updated that. Tried all the "solutions" that I could possibly find, and scoured every post. By accident, I was messing around with Google +, and did something, some settings came up, clicked on some, and "viola" everything came back! In apps was back, the beep was back, just like before their update. Do I want to update it again? Not really. akshay7394 It beeps when you trigger it via 'Ok Google', doesn't beep if triggered through the home button long-press gesture. Grey I only use Ok Google. Doesn't beep. akshay7394 Strange; are you referring to Assistant or the older version ? beeps for me :s Grey It's Assistant. I say "Okay Google" and there's no beep. You get a beep for every prompt to speak? Not over Bluetooth, not on Google Home, on your phone? I have a Nexus 6P. Cory S I know the beep can be turned on for the Home at least. reggjoo Go to google+, and find a setting in there that re-enables these settings for you. Uninstalling updates, updating, clearing data/cache had no effect on losing voice/beep, etc. By accident, I found a setting that took me to a voice adjustment page, that re-enables your voice, the way it's supposed to be. I can't remember what g+ setting took me to it, so you gotta do your homework. After that, I turned off auto updates, and detached it from the playstore, but Google always finds a way to sometimes secretly install the update anyway. Total Insecurity On my Google Pixel XL it still beeps like a champ. reggjoo Try to find the solution thru google+, you wouldn't expect any settings to be there for the assistant, but something's there, but I can't remember what I did, and it was by accident. Sina ina Anyone having problem with ok google detection when screen is off ( while chaging ) with this version ? mine is broken right now reggjoo If that's all that's wrong, feel lucky, the update of Google app broke my voice, it only worked in the Google app, after I pressed the home button. Almost 6 hours after I updated it, it went to that state. First it's actions started slowing down, then in any app died, then it stopped launching from the launcher(even though my launcher has OK Google detection built in). After clearing cache, data, uninstalling to previous versions, updating, messing with activity settings, enabling permissions with apps2sd pro, I fixed it by accident. I went to Google +, found some settings in there(wasn't looking for anything about the assistant). From the settings in the app, other settings about the assistant started popping up. Enabled them, and everything started working again, except screen off. I figure I could get that to work again too, but ya gotta know when to say when. I turned off automatic updates, used titanium backup to detach it from the playstore, but Google, sometimes gets around that, and updates anyway, so my fingers are crossed now. I want to enjoy my phone, for a little while, before they screw it up again. Behace When deciding which device to answer from, why can't assistant decide which decides can handle the request then figure out which device recorded the request at the highest decibel? It would be a rather crude way of deciding which device to answer with but it could work, no? Fruity101079 Still no Google Assistant on Nexus devices, while my language is supported... reggjoo What I worry about is breaking what setup I already have. Last few updates broke my voice function (what happened to "from any app button"?) It took almost a month to figure how to get that function back. Eventually, through g+, after trying all the help solutions, that didn't work at all, I figured it out, but I can't remember how now. I don't want to go thru that again. I'm turning off automatic updates, just to protect my setup, even though Google apps always finds a way. I'll shy away from this one, til I hear from various forums about stability problems with setups and older devices. Ryan How about recognizing the Home is handling the request and turning my screen back off? My phone just sits there with the screen on. JG it looks like Google is still working working out the best way to handle multiple always-listening devices Having to press a "Answer here" button, IMHO, kind of defeats the purpose of having hands free, always listening devices. Instead, I think Google should set customized wake up triggers for each device. Right now we have "OK Google" and "Hey Google" trigger phrases. The Google Home and Android Auto could be set to only reply to "Hey Google" while the phone could be set to reply to just "OK Google" triggers. Then I could just say "OK Google, send a text to Mark, let him know I'll be 10min late" and know my phone is going to handle it rather than my Home yelling at me that it still can't send messages. Or maybe even go a step farther. Motorola has had the ability to set personalized trigger phrases for their Moto X line for some years now (mine woke to "Hello Moto X"). I'm sure Google should be able to figure out a means to allow each of my devices to have their own specific wake up trigger. That might also help cut down on false triggers in multi-Home houses. "Hey Bedroom Home, what time is it" won't accidentally trigger both Bedroom Home and Living Room Home. reggjoo I said almost the same thing a while ago, as far as the trigger word goes. Why Google, still holds onto "OK Google" just to use voice, is beyond me. Some will say that changing it will mess with their servers, but no, how could it, all the info they collect on you, your habits, etc.. I'm sure there's enough space in there for personalized voice commands. Your idea is good. xyz US only? Lame. When is Google going to bring independence day to the rest of the world? JG There's actually nothing special to say here – Google just added a new line for activities scheduled for July 4th, which is Independence Day in the United States. I'm curious as to this string... Is Google going to display my personal information (from Calendar et al) reminding me I need to take potato salad to Aunt Em's pool party... Or will it display information about near by activities, like when my local municipality's fire works display is scheduled... Or is Google going to "host" their own special Independence Day activities? And will other holidays get similar treatment in the future? Blake Sinnett So I've been thinking ever since this was posted. What if you could connect Duo for audio calls? It would certainly improve quality. They mention "phone services" but that could be Duo, Skype, etc. What if they made it possible for apps to connect to the Google Home calling feature? Probably not, but it would be neat if that happened. Jack Smith Come on do a little research. Google already has all of this with Google Voice (GV). It will NOT require bluetooth and are you serious? Go download GV and then it will be obvious how it works. Cory S I'm surprised they aren't using the sensors in the device, so that it knows you are holding it to decide where to answer, instead of a ratchet toast button. Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 72 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 72 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 131 queries | 0.374s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > SoftBank buys robot maker Boston Dynamics from Google's Alphabet SoftBank buys robot maker Boston Dynamics from Google's Alphabet Friday, 9 June 2017 (1 day ago) Japan's SoftBank has bought robotics pioneer Boston Dynamics from Alphabet, the parent company of Google, for an undisclosed amount. Shares in the group, which has a vision of kickstarting the next wave of smart robotics, jumped more than 7.5 per cent to their highest point in nearly two decades on the news. Boston Dynamics, which was bought by Google in 2013, is known for its eerily human and animal-like robots like Atlas and BigDog. *Read more*: Revealed: Boston Dynamics' latest dancing jumping robot (on wheels) However, the group has had a tough time commercialising its robots, and Google put it up for sale more than a year ago. ​As part of the transaction, SoftBank also agreed to acquire Japanese bipedal robotics company Schaft.  “Today, there are many issues we still cannot solve by ourselves with human capabilities. Smart robotics are going to be a key driver of the next stage of the Information Revolution, and Marc and his team at Boston Dynamics are the clear technology leaders in advanced dynamic robots," said Masayoshi Son, chairman and chief executive of SoftBank. The boss and founder of Boston Dynamics, Marc Raibert, said the firm was excited to be part of SoftBank's "bold vision" and its part in the next technology revolution. “We share SoftBank's belief that advances in technology should be for the benefit of humanity. We look forward to working with SoftBank in our mission to push the boundaries of what advanced robots can do and to create useful applications in a smarter and more connected world." *Read more*: Unicorn startup Improbable's hired a top boss from Disney » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Bloomberg Global Business - 7 hours ago< > Embed Why SoftBank Is Buying Boston Dynamics 02:49 Jun.09 -- George Zachary, CRV partner, and Bloomberg's Selina Wang discuss Softbank Group's Corp.'s decision to buy Boston Dynamics with Bloomberg's Emily Chang on "Bloomberg Technology." You Might Like Recent related news Google sells robot dog company Boston Dynamics to SoftBankGoogle's parent company Alphabet has sold Boston Dynamics, a company that makes robotic animals and human-like bipeds, to the Japanese tech giant SoftBank.Boston... New Zealand Herald 10 hours ago - Business SoftBank buys robotics leader Boston Dynamics from AlphabetTOKYO (AP) — Japanese internet, solar and technology company SoftBank Group Corp. is buying robotics pioneer Boston Dynamics from Alphabet Inc., Google’s... Seattle Times 1 day ago - Front Page Alphabet agrees to sell Boston Dynamics to SoftBankGoogle-owner Alphabet Inc. has agreed to sell robotics company Boston Dynamics to Japanese telecommunications and technology company SoftBank. Terms of the deal... The Verge 1 day ago - Technology SoftBank buys robotics leader Boston Dynamics from AlphabetTOKYO (AP) — Japanese internet, solar and technology company SoftBank Group Corp. is buying robotics pioneer Boston Dynamics from Alphabet Inc., Google's... SeattlePI.com 1 day ago - Business Softbank just bought Google’s robotics division to help secure its ambitious vision for the future (GOOG)** · *Japanese tech giant SoftBank announced on Friday that it has bought Boston Dynamics from Google for an undisclosed fee.* · *SoftBank is investing... Business Insider 19 hours ago - Technology Alphabet Sells Boston Dynamics and SCHAFT to SoftBankAlphabet, Google's parent company, has decided to dump its robotics business by selling Boston Dynamics and SCHAFT to SoftBank. The move isn't exactly a... Softpedia 22 hours ago - Technology Other recent news in Business PANDORA lands a $480 million investment from Sirius XM, and unloads Ticketfly for $200 million CANADA's housing market appears to be 'teetering on the brink of a downturn' BETTING: England to knock-out Australia at Edgbaston CITRON RESEARCH: NVIDIA has 'become a casino stock' (NVDA) Apple's TIM COOK may have taken a subtle dig at Facebook in his MIT commencement speech The FDA is getting a lot more aggressive about fighting the OPIOID crisis (ENDP) TAYLOR SWIFT Returns To Spotify, Amends Her Relationship To Streaming US allowed to investigate prices of Canada's BOMBARDIER jets SIRIUS XM buys stake in music streaming site Pandora 'Don't become a troll' and other lessons from APPLE CEO Tim Cook's MIT speech Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump LeBron James Naomi Campbell Cristiano Ronaldo Angela Merkel Current Topics London Bridge NBA Finals Bill Cosby Mariners Luke Heimlich Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Can You Be Convicted For 'Liking' A Facebook Post? According To Swiss Law - Yes Uber Under Fire: Executive Sacked For Breaching Victim's Privacy? iOS 11 Is Coming - Will Your Device Become Obsolete? A Thought From One News Page On The UK Election London Mayor: CANCEL Trump's State Visit MOVIE REVIEW: Wonder Woman Could THIS Be The Animated Revival To End Them All? Huge 90s Show Reboot In The Works Trump Offers Condolences For London Attack - After Recommending A Travel Ban Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Eric Risberg/AP/REX/Shutterstock Major leak shows that Google’s Pixel 2 will be just as exciting as the iPhone 8 Chris Smith @chris_writes June 9th, 2017 at 10:16 AM Share Tweet It’s finally here, the first serious Google Pixel 2 leak that tells us more about Google’s next-gen flagship than just its codename. A benchmark test for the Google Pixel XL 2 has appeared online, listing several details about the handset, including evidence that Google’s new phone should be just as exciting as the iPhone 8 and the Galaxy S8. Don't Miss: Let’s talk about the iPhone 8, which might make one of the worst design compromises we’ve ever seen What do these handsets have in common? The almost bezel-less screen design. The Galaxy S8 is already available in stores, while the iPhone 8 is also expected to feature tiny bezels all around the display. Discovered by WinFuture, the benchmark says the phone will have a 5.6-inch display with 2K resolution (that’s 2560 x 1312), a 2.4GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor, 4GB of RAM and 128GB of storage. Other features include a 12-megapixel camera with 4K video recording, a 7-megapixel front camera with 4K video recording, and Android 7.1.1 operating system. Here’s a screenshot of the benchmark result:Image Source: GFXBench What stands out looking at these specs is the resolution, which indicates the phone will have an aspect ratio of almost 2:1 — that’s in line with the 18.5:9 aspect ratio introduced by devices like the LG G6 and the Galaxy S8. Long story short, this means Google and HTC are pursuing an all-screen design for the next Google Pixel family of devices, giving fans an opportunity to own a phone that offers the best of both worlds: Cutting-edge specs and pure Android software, along with the beautiful all-screen design that’s so trendy right now. There are no images of the handset at this time, but they will surely arrive in the near future as we get closer to the phone’s launch. Tags: google, Pixel 2, Pixel XL 2 View Comments Trending 1 Tech Major leak shows that Google’s Pixel 2 will be just as exciting as the iPhone 8 2 Science 99-million-year-old bird found preserved in amber stuns scientists 3 Tech OnePlus just gave us an official look at the OnePlus 5’s camera 4 Tech A new iPhone 8 case leak shows us a very different design 5 Tech So the launch of Blackberry’s new phone is going really well Picked For You Let’s talk about the iPhone 8, which might make one of the worst design compromises we’ve ever seen By Zach Epstein 2 days ago NBA Finals 2017 live stream: How to watch Warriors vs. Cavaliers Game 4 online By Jacob Siegal 7 hours ago This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch By Maren Estrada 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Ouch... WSJ's Google traffic down 44% after dropping First Click Free Featured Snippets SEO primer: How to rank for 'position 0' in 3 simple steps Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. How to stop worrying about Google updates Google is providing less information about algorithm updates these days, leaving SEOs scrambling for answers every time they experience a huge drop in traffic. But columnist Kristine Schachinger believes that all this panic is unnecessary. Read on to learn why. Kristine Schachinger on June 9, 2017 at 11:04 am More As SEOs, we tend to obsess over changes to the organic results. It usually works like this: You get to your computer in the morning. Ready to start work, you take a quick look at Facebook to check what you have missed. You run across someone asking if anyone saw changes last night. They’ll typically also note that there was “a lot of activity.” “Activity” means that SEOs who follow changes to search rankings saw some fluctuations in a short period of time. If there is “a lot of activity,” that means there were large fluctuations in many websites’ rankings in a vertical or across verticals. Sometimes these results are positive, but mostly they are not. Big updates can often mean big drops in traffic. So you quickly go check your Analytics and Search Console. Phew! The “activity” didn’t impact you — this time. But what about the next one? This is what happens when Google rolls out large-scale changes to its search algorithms, and what is in these rollouts has been the topic of many articles, tweets and Facebook posts over the years. What if I told you, though, that while it is very important to know what Google’s algorithms contain, you do not really need to know granular details about every update to keep your site in the black? No-name rollouts When former Head of Web Spam Matt Cutts was the point of communication between SEOs and Google, he would confirm updates — and either he or others in the industry would give each update a name. This was very helpful when you had to identify why your site went belly up. Knowing what the update was targeting, and why, made it much easier to diagnose the issues. However, Google does not share that information much anymore. They are much more tight-lipped about what changes have been rolled out and why. Sure, Google will confirm the big stuff — like the last Penguin update, when it went real-time — but how many times have we seen an official announcement of a Panda update since it became part of the core ranking algorithm? The answer is none — and that was over 18 months ago. The ‘Fred’ factor As for all the other unidentified changes SEOs notice, but that Google will not confirm? Those have been just been given the name “Fred.” Fred, for those who don’t know, is just a silly name that came out of an exchange between Google Webmaster Trends Analyst Gary Illyes and several SEOs on Twitter. Fred is meant to cover every “update” SEOs notice that Google does not confirm and/or name. So, what’s an SEO or site owner to do? If your site suffers a downturn, how will you know what caused it? How do you know what to fix if Google won’t tell you what that update did? How can you make gains if you don’t know what Google wants from you? And even more importantly, how do you know how to protect your site if Google does not tell you what it is “penalizing” with its updates? Working without a net Today, we work in a post-update world. Google updates are rolling out all the time. According to Gary Illyes and John Mueller, these algorithms update most every day, and usually several times a day, but they don’t share that information with the community. If they update all the time, how is it a post-update world? Post-update world refers to a world where there is no official identifying/naming of algorithm changes, no confirmation that an update has been rolled out, and consequently, no information on when that rollout occurred. Basically, the updates they tell us about are becoming more and more infrequent. Where Matt Cutts might have told us, “Hey we are pushing Penguin today”… … Illyes or Mueller might just say: So, if you cannot get the information about updates and algorithm changes from Google, where do you go? Technically, you can still go to Google to get most of that information — just more indirectly. Falling off an analytics cliff While Google is not telling you much about what they are doing these days with regard to algorithm updates, you still can wake up and find yourself at the bottom of an analytics cliff. When this happens, what do you do? Running to Twitter might get you some answers, but mostly you will just get confirmation that some unknown algorithm (“Fred”) likely ran. Outside of reading others’ thoughts on the update, what can we use to determine exactly how Google is defining a quality site experience? Understanding the Google algorithms A few years back, Google divided up most algorithm changes between on-page and off-page. There were content and over-optimization algorithms, and there were link algorithms. The real focus of all of these, however, was spam. Google became the search market leader in part by being better than its competitors at removing irrelevant and “spammy” content from its search results pages. But today, these algorithms cover so much more. While Google still uses algorithms to remove or demote spam, they are additionally focused on surfacing better user experiences. As far back as 2012, Matt Cutts suggested that we change SEO from “Search Engine Optimization” to “Search Experience Optimization.” About 18 months later, Google released the Page Layout Update. This update was the first to use a rendered page to assess page layout issues, and it brought algorithmic penalties with it. What do algorithm updates ‘cover?’ Most algorithm updates address issues that fall under the following categories (note mobile and desktop are grouped here): Link issues Technical problems Content quality User experience But how do we know what rules our site violated when Google does not even confirm something happened? What good are categories if I don’t know what the rules are for those categories? Let’s take a look at how we can evaluate these areas without Google telling us much about what changes occurred. Link issues: It’s all about Penguin One of the most vetted areas of organic SEO is, of course, links — and Penguin is the algorithm that evaluates those links. It could be said that Penguin was one of the harshest and most brutal algorithm updates Google had ever released. With Penguin, if a site had a very spammy link profile, Google wouldn’t just devalue their links — they would devalue their site. So it often happened that a webmaster whose site had a spammy inbound link profile would find their whole site removed from the index (or dropped so far in rankings that it may as well have been removed). Many site owners had no idea until they walked in one day to a 70+ percent drop in traffic. The site owner then had to make fixes, remove links, do disavows and wait. And wait. And wait until Penguin updated again. The last time it refreshed, there had been a two-year gap between algorithm updates. Without the update, your site could not fully (or sometimes even partially) recover its ranking losses. September 2016: Real-time Penguin In September 2016, everything changed: Google made Penguin part of its core algorithm. Penguin’s data now refreshes in real time, and it no longer impacts an entire website’s rankings by default. Thus, with this update, Penguin was no longer a site killer. When Penguin runs now, it will only devalue the links, not the site — meaning that rankings might be adjusted on query, page or section level. It would be rare to come in and check your site in the morning to find it has fallen off an analytics cliff entirely. That could happen, but if your site links are that spammy, it is much more likely you would get a manual penalty. When real-time is not real-time Now, “real-time Penguin” does not mean literally real-time. Google still needs to recrawl your site once the link issues have been fixed, which could take weeks, depending on how often Google crawls your site. Still, this real-time update makes it much easier to fix your link profile if you determine that links are your issue (spammy links are typically very obvious). Remember, all sites will likely have some bad links. After all, it is not natural for a site to have a perfect backlink profile. But when bad links are comprising a significant percentage of your inbound links (let’s say around 25-30 percent), you need to start looking with a critical eye towards fixing spammy links and/or anchor text. (A general rule of thumb is if you have over 50 percent spammy links or anchor text, you most likely have a link devaluation.) So, identifying site issues related to links is fairly straightforward. Are your links good links? Do you have over-optimized anchor text? If you have a spammy link profile, you just need to fix the link issues — get the links removed where you can, disavow the links where you can’t, and work on replacing these spammy links with good ones. Once you’ve fixed the link issues, you just have to wait. As mentioned above, it can take up to a few weeks to see a recovery. In the meantime, you need to review the other areas of your site to see if they are in line with what Google defines as a quality site. “But I know the problem is links!” you say. Well, you might be right — but a site can receive multiple devaluations. You always want to check “all the things!” Technical, content and user experience issues This is where we have so much less guesswork than when we are looking at a link issue. Why? Because Google has provided webmasters with a wealth of information about what they think makes a good site. Study what is in their documentation, come as close to the Google site ideal as possible, and you can be pretty sure you are in good standing with Google. Where do you find this information? Following are some resources you can use to get a solid idea of what Google is looking for when it comes to a website. These resources cover everything from SEO best practices to guidelines for judging the quality of site content: Search Engine Optimization Starter Guide — This is a basic outline of best practices for helping Google to crawl, index and understand your website content. Even if you are an experienced SEO, it never hurts to review the basics. Google Webmaster Guidelines — These are Google’s “rules of the road” for site owners and webmasters. Stay on the right side of the Webmaster Guidelines to avoid incurring a manual action. Google Quality Raters Guide — This is the guide Google gives its quality raters to help them evaluate the quality of search results — in other words, when a user clicks on your website listing from a search results page. Quality raters use this guide to determine what is and what is not a good page/site, and you can garner a lot of helpful insights from this content. Bonus: Search Engine Land’s Periodic Table of SEO Factors — This isn’t a Google resource, but it’s helpful nonetheless. Almost anything and everything you need to know about creating a good site for Google is in these documents. One note of caution, however: The resources above are only meant as guides and are not the be-all and end-all of SEO. For instance, if you only acquired links in the ways Google recommends, you would never have any. However, these documents will give you a good blueprint for making your site as compliant with the algorithms as possible. If you use these as guides to help make site improvements, you can be fairly certain you will do well in Google. And furthermore, you will be fairly well protected from most negative algorithm shifts — even without knowing what algorithm is doing what today. The secret? It is all about distance from perfect, a term coined by Ian Lurie of Portent. In an SEO context, the idea is that although we can never know exactly how Google’s algorithms work, we still do know quite a lot about Google considers to be a “perfect” site or web page — and by focusing on these elements, we can in turn improve our site performance. So, when your site has suffered a negative downturn, consult the available resources and ask yourself, What line(s) did I cross? What line(s) did I not come close to? If you can move your site toward the Google ideal, you can stop worrying about every algorithm update. Next time you wake up in the morning and everyone is posting about their losses, you can be pretty assured you will be able to go check your metrics, see nothing bad happened and move on with your day. The resources listed above tell you what Google wants in the site. Read them. Study them. Know them. Quality Rater’s Guide caveat It is important to note that the Quality Rater’s Guide is (as it says) for Quality Raters, not search marketers. While it contains a great deal of information about how you can create a quality site, remember it is not a guide to SEO. That being said, if you adhere to the quality guidelines contained therein, you are more likely to be shortening that distance to perfect. By understanding what Google considers to be a high- (or low-) quality page, you can create content that is sure to satisfy users and search engines alike — and avoid creating content that might lead to an algorithmic penalty. Get busy reading! It’s important to educate yourself on what Google is looking for in a website. And it’s a good idea to read up on the major algorithm updates throughout the search engine’s history to get an idea of what issues Google has tackled in the past, as this can provide some insight into where they might be headed next. However, you don’t need to know what every “Fred” update did or didn’t do. The algorithms are going to target links and/or site quality. They want to eliminate spam and poor usability from their results. So make sure your site keeps its links in check and does not violate the rules listed in the documents above, and you will likely be okay. Read them. Know them. Apply them. Review often. Repeat for future proofing and site success. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Kristine Schachinger Kristine Schachinger has 17 years digital experience including a focus on website design and implementation, accessibility standards and all aspects of website visibility involving SEO, social media and strategic planning. She additionally specializes in site health auditing, site forensics, technical SEO and site recovery planning especially when involving Google algorithms such as Penguin and Panda. Her seventeen years in design and development and eight years in online marketing give her a depth and breadth of understanding that comes from a broad exposure to not only digital marketing, but the complete product lifecycle along with the underlying technology and processes. She is a well known speaker, author and can be found on LinkedIn, Google+ and Twitter. Popular Stories The AdWords 2017 roadmap is loaded with artificial intelligence How to stop worrying about Google updates Google Attribution: What search marketers need to know Who should optimize content: SEOs or content writers? Related Topics All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOGoogleGoogle: Algorithm UpdatesSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers The Multiplier Effect of Integrating Search and Social Advertising State of Digital Advertising 2017 Email Deliverability Guide: Making It to the Subscriber Inbox How to Create Agile Content for Your Brand How to Create Content at Scale with Limited Budgets See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Ouch... WSJ's Google traffic down 44% after dropping First Click Free Featured Snippets SEO primer: How to rank for 'position 0' in 3 simple steps Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Mobile Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Is AMP the answer to format fragmentation? Columnist Barb Palser makes the case for Facebook and other platforms to adopt Accelerated Mobile Pages. Barb Palser on June 9, 2017 at 11:48 am More Facebook says the idea for adding Accelerated Mobile Pages and Apple News support to its Instant Articles toolkit came from frustrated publishers asking for an easier way to produce all three formats. That rings true; format fragmentation is a growing burden for news publishers. But generating Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMPs) from Instant Articles seems like a strange answer to the wrong question. Instead of looking for incremental improvements to the underlying problem, publishers and platforms should revisit the premise that all of these formats are necessary in the first place. What if one distribution format could work across multiple platforms? Consider AMP, Instant Articles and Apple News, which are essentially three different ways of presenting news articles. Of those, AMP is the only non-proprietary format — and by far the most flexible. Instant Articles policy forbids ads above the fold, limits ad frequency and blocks ad networks except Facebook’s Audience Network. Facebook restricts the types of links allowed and where they can appear. With no navigation to the publisher’s website, Instant Articles keep the consumer in Facebook’s app. Facebook’s restrictions (and lack of compensatory reach) have led several major publishers to pull back or abandon Instant Articles entirely, shifting their focus to the more open, revenue-friendly AMP format. In that light, it’s hard to see how an AMP generated from an Instant Article — inheriting its limitations — would be very useful. Publishers could modify the AMP code to insert the elements Instant Articles disallows, but then how much effort is saved by using Facebook’s tools? It makes more sense to use AMP as the common distribution format. The AMP standard didn’t exist when Instant Articles and Apple News were first launched — but now that it’s established and ubiquitous, it can provide the control and performance platforms require and improve publisher ROI. It could lower the cost of participating in walled gardens and possibly lure back some of the defectors. There are a couple of ways this could work; here’s one idea using Facebook as the example: A Facebook AMP cache? Contrary to common belief, AMPs don’t have to be served by Google. For example, web performance and security company Cloudflare has a white-label AMP cache to serve AMPs on publishers’ own domains. Facebook could manage an AMP cache as well, which would allow it to do three things: Ensure super-fast delivery, like Instant Articles. Serve validated AMPs from its own cache instead of cdn.ampproject.org. Make certain modifications to the AMPs it presents in its own environments. Such modifications could include stripping out forbidden elements, or even replacing ad tags and analytics tags. Publishers could consent to these modifications as part of their inclusion in the platform’s products. (Arguably, Facebook should just present AMPs in their original state as long as they pass validation and let publishers make their money; the point is that platform-specific rules are possible.) The experience might be less pristine than today’s Instant Articles, but it could be just as fast — and still much cleaner than standard mobile articles. Publishers could focus on optimizing a common format, and Facebook could become an influential partner in the AMP Project instead of trying to sustain Instant Articles. Platforms already using AMP Other platforms have already embraced AMP. Twitter recently started linking to AMPs from its mobile web app and plans to start surfacing AMPs in its iOS and Android apps soon. LinkedIn presents AMPs in its news feed, and Bing displays AMP results in it search app. (None of these platforms has its own AMP cache; they’re using Google’s cache, Cloudflare’s cache or linking directly to the publisher AMP.) For most platforms, using AMP is a no-brainer. They get the performance benefits of a standardized format without having to convince publishers to build anything new. At this point, only a platform with the clout of Facebook — or the installed base of Apple News — has the ability to make publishers jump through hoops to produce a proprietary format. And there’s still a big, valid reason why they’d hesitate to give that up. Control and governance Here’s the hang-up: It would be surprising for Facebook or Apple to make a significant investment in AMP while Google holds so much influence over the format’s direction and features. The AMP Project is collaborative and open-source, but Google still manages the roadmap. Hopefully, this state is temporary. Google seems to want to help AMP leave the nest, and the company takes every opportunity to disavow proprietary ownership of the format. Participation by Facebook, Apple and other platforms would provide a counterweight to Google in the AMP Project, opening the door for even greater ecosystem investment and ultimately benefiting everyone, including publishers and Google. The transition to a new governance structure will be delicate and bumpy, but necessary. Publisher influence Rather than simply reacting to the choices platforms put in front of them, publishers can guide this discussion. Platforms are more engaged with the publishing industry than ever before — and they are looking for wins. The AMP Project itself was the result of publishers working with Google to address major performance and engagement problems with the mobile web — and publishers continue to advance the AMP standard by advocating for the capabilities they need. When it comes to the problem of proprietary format fragmentation, publishers must continue to use their collective leverage and ask for the right things. In this case, that means challenging all of the platforms to live up to the principles of collaboration and efficiency they espouse. That would be a huge win for everyone. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Barb Palser Barb Palser is head of product for Relay Media, Inc., a San Francisco-based AMP conversion and mobile distribution platform. Her 20-year career in digital content spans traditional media, digital publishing technology, product strategy and audience development. She's held digital leadership roles with Nexstar Broadcasting, McGraw-Hill Broadcasting, Morgan Murphy Media, The Poynter Institute and publishing platform Internet Broadcasting. Popular Stories The AdWords 2017 roadmap is loaded with artificial intelligence How to stop worrying about Google updates Google Attribution: What search marketers need to know Who should optimize content: SEOs or content writers? Related Topics All Things SEO ColumnChannel: MobileFacebookGoogleGoogle: Accelerated Mobile Pages / AMPMobile MarketingSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: Mobile SearchSEO: Site Speed Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers The Multiplier Effect of Integrating Search and Social Advertising State of Digital Advertising 2017 Email Deliverability Guide: Making It to the Subscriber Inbox How to Create Agile Content for Your Brand How to Create Content at Scale with Limited Budgets See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Menu Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Growth Companies Human Capital & Careers Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Sign InSign Up Search for: CFO Conferences Webcasts Research White Papers Jobs Training Newsletters Magazine Search for: Team Trump’s Tug-of-War How will the president’s economic advisers alter… Learn How Top CFOs Are Upgrading Their Budgeting 2 Minute Video Finance Chiefs Praise Deloitte’s CFO Academy Participants and the CFOs who send them to the… Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Risk & Compliance Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Strategy Technology M&A Google Parent Sells Robotics Unit to SoftBank Since Ruth Porat became CFO last year, Alphabet has been taking "significant measures to slim down its experimental efforts." Matthew Heller June 9, 2017 | CFO.com | US share Tweet Email Print - Print + Email this article To* Please enter your email address* Subject* Comments* Google parent company Alphabet is parting company with one of its experimental “moonshots,” agreeing to sell robotics pioneer Boston Dynamics to Japan’s SoftBank Group. Boston Dynamics, which was acquired by Google in 2013 and is best-known for its “Big Dog” line of quadrupedal robots, has been up for sale for more than a year. Terms of the deal with SoftBank, which makes the Pepper companion robot, were not disclosed. Recommended Stories: Sirius Eyes Streaming With Pandora Investment Deere Buys German Construction Firm for $4B Four Keys to Realizing Post-Merger Synergies SoftBank said the deal aligns with its “vision of catalyzing the next wave of smart robotics.” As part of the transaction, it is also acquiring Schaft, an Alphabet unit that develops biped robots. “Smart robotics are going to be a key driver of the next stage of the Information Revolution,” CEO Masayoshi Son said in a news release. “I am thrilled to welcome [Boston Dynamics and Schaft] to the SoftBank family and look forward to supporting them as they continue to advance the field of robotics and explore applications that can help make life easier, safer and more fulfilling.” Boston Dynamics has pioneered techniques for helping robots maneuver real-world environments and adapt to complex changes in terrain. But according to The Verge, “it appears Alphabet leadership didn’t quite know what it would ultimately do with the company.” “As part of an overall restructuring and cost-saving strategy set forth by Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat last year, the company has taken significant measures to slim down its experimental efforts and rein in its ‘moonshot’ projects,” The Verge noted. “Other Bets,” the Alphabet division that includes the experimental businesses, has been losing money, posting an $855 million loss against $244 million in revenue in the first quarter of 2017. Porat has stressed to investors that Alphabet can develop “new sources of revenue growth” from its various projects in a “disciplined way.” The Guardian said Boston Dynamics had also “failed to fit in with the wider corporate culture of its parent company,” noting that Alphabet has a general rule against taking military contracts and the robotics unit has struggled to find a civilian client for its creations. Post navigation ← CFOs on the Move: Week Ending June 9 Metric of the Month: Cost to Run the Finance Function → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertisement Popular Articles Employers Wouldn’t Alter Health Benefits upon ACA Repeal Man Accused of Making Phony Bid for Fitbit Tax Compliance Toughens for Intercompany Transactions New Remedies Disruptive Influences: 20 Tech Companies to Watch Advertisement   Topics Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Media Videos Whitepapers Research Magazine Events Conferences Argyle Events Webcasts Services Reprints Back Issues Mobile Widgets RSS About CFO About CFO Editorial Staff Press Advertise FAQ Contact Us Want the Magazine? Relax and unplug with our award-winning coverage. Subscribe Now Follow Us
News Weather Sports Culture Travel Cars Real Estate MORE Search News Local News National News Business Sports Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Chad Finn Eric Wilbur Culture Entertainment Events Food Lifestyle News Weather Sports Culture Travel Cars Real Estate Shortcuts Obituaries Traffic Crosswords Jobs Open Houses Horoscopes Globe Newsletters Classified Ads Trending Red Sox Weather Traffic Love Letters Boston Globe Radio BDC Loveletters Careers Classified Ads Site Help Contact ©2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC Share Tweet SoftBank to buy Boston Dynamics, maker of animal-like robots SoftBank to buy Boston Dynamics, maker of animal-like robots “SpotMini,” a robot by Boston Dynamics, entering an elevator during Genius Gala 6.0 in Jersey City, New Jersey, in May. The company has gained notice for its two- and four-legged robots, which move with uncanny balance and speed. –Dave Kotinsky / Getty Images for Liberty Science Center By Daisuke Wakabayashi, New York Times News Service 1:49 PM OAKLAND, Calif. — Japanese technology conglomerate SoftBank sells a cute, humanoid robot named Pepper with blinking eyes and the ability to read human emotion. Soon it may have mechanical creatures of a less adorable variety within its stable of robots. On Thursday, SoftBank agreed to acquire Boston Dynamics, a manufacturer of animal-like robots, from Google’s parent company, Alphabet, for an undisclosed sum. SoftBank also agreed to acquire Schaft, a secretive Japanese bipedal robotics company, also owned by Alphabet. “Today, there are many issues we still cannot solve by ourselves with human capabilities. Smart robotics are going to be a key driver of the next stage of the information revolution,” said Masayoshi Son, chairman and chief executive of SoftBank. Advertisement The deal is an unwinding of some of Google’s robotics investments. In 2013, Google began snapping up robotics companies to create a robot unit under Andy Rubin, the man who built Google’s Android smartphone software into the dominant operating system of the mobile era. Boston Dynamics was the highest-profile company acquired by Google during that buying spree. After Rubin left Google in 2014, the company started to re-evaluate the robotics unit and put out feelers about selling off some of the companies involved, including Boston Dynamics. Boston Dynamics, a company spun out of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 25 years ago that has received funding from the Pentagon, gained notice for its two- and four-legged robots. Designed for military use, they move with uncanny balance and speed. The videos of Boston Dynamics’ robots, with names like WildCat, Big Dog and Cheetah, were often big hits online, fueled by a mix of awe and terror as many pondered a Terminator-like future in which machines would rule humans. SoftBank, a sprawling network of investments and companies managed by Son, Japan’s richest man, started out selling monthly computer magazines before moving into mobile telecommunications. It is now working toward creating a $100 billion fund for technology investments. In May, the company said it had $93 billion committed toward that goal. TOPICS: Business Technology Want to see what readers are saying about our stories? Check out the conversations on Boston.com's Facebook Page Tips? Corrections? Feedback? Email us at tips@boston.com Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds, right to your inbox. Connect with Facebook - or - Thanks for signing up! Continue to the article Privacy Policy Local News Apple CEO to MIT grads: Tech without values is worthless June 9, 2017 | 12:16 PM National News Trump finally fires back at James Comey on Twitter: 'Comey is a leaker!' June 9, 2017 | 9:55 AM Local News Michelle Carter's lawyers aiming for acquittal Friday, before they call any witnesses June 9, 2017 | 7:20 AM Local News Woman awoken by peeping tom asking to be let in June 9, 2017 | 6:01 AM World News Theresa May's UK election gamble backfires as Tories lose majority June 9, 2017 | 5:59 AM History Remembering the deadly F4 tornado that ravaged Worcester June 9, 2017 | 5:00 AM Local News L.L. Bean facility briefly evacuated after bomb threat June 9, 2017 | 2:05 AM Local News New texts show Michelle Carter was aggressive in pushing suicide June 8, 2017 | 8:01 PM Politics 4 takeaways from James Comey's testimony June 8, 2017 | 7:30 PM Skiing Vail Resorts purchases Stowe Mountain Resort June 8, 2017 | 5:58 PM Animals Police investigate death of 4 blue herons June 8, 2017 | 5:34 PM Business Pirate Joe’s, maverick distributor of Trader Joe’s products, shuts down June 8, 2017 | 3:56 PM Politics John McCain's line of questioning baffled nearly everyone, including Comey June 8, 2017 | 3:22 PM Politics The six best one-liners from James Comey's Senate testimony June 8, 2017 | 3:11 PM Local News Scott Brown confirmed for US ambassador, thanks to Elizabeth Warren June 8, 2017 | 2:54 PM Local News Navy sailor from RI remains missing after going overboard June 8, 2017 | 2:50 PM Politics Trump lawyer denies president demanded loyalty June 8, 2017 | 2:31 PM Politics As Comey testified, Joe Kennedy III gave a House floor speech on 'loyalty' June 8, 2017 | 1:38 PM National News Watch James Comey's full opening statement before the Senate intelligence committee June 8, 2017 | 1:26 PM Local News Half of new astronaut class have Mass. ties June 8, 2017 | 12:40 PM Local News Police: Woman steals from youth lacrosse club, employer June 8, 2017 | 12:34 PM Politics Donald Trump isn't live-tweeting the Comey hearing—but his son is June 8, 2017 | 12:12 PM National News Comey: 'Lordy, I hope there are tapes' June 8, 2017 | 11:58 AM Politics Here's how James Comey described his tense one-on-one dinner with Donald Trump June 8, 2017 | 11:54 AM Crime Medical examiner testimony suggests Michelle Carter could have saved Conrad Roy III June 8, 2017 | 10:06 AM Politics AP source: Trump 'disputes' Comey's claim that he asked for loyalty June 8, 2017 | 10:02 AM Politics Watch James Comey testify before the Senate intelligence committee June 8, 2017 | 9:19 AM Politics Comey says he was fired because of Russia investigation June 8, 2017 | 9:03 AM Politics Comey and Trump: 2 alpha males face off over dinner June 8, 2017 | 7:54 AM Local News Everything you need to know about gypsy moths June 8, 2017 | 5:00 AM Twitter Facebook ? ©2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News SC upholds linking Aadhaar with PAN, but exempts those without it for now India, Pak enter Shanghai group, PM Modi message to Xi Jinping and Nawaz Sharif SS Khaplang, patriarch of Naga war on India, passes away MP farmers’ unrest: One more death, protests reach Bhopal door, CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan announces fast ‘Arun Jaitley open to ideas at GST meet, not hard to be heard’ Home Lifestyle Fashion Culture on Our Sleeve Culture on Our Sleeve A virtual exhibition chronicles textile treasures from across the country. Written by Damini Ralleigh | Published:June 10, 2017 12:00 am A weaver from Meghalaya. Related News Whither India’s culture? The curious silence at the top Govt cuts textile and garment exports target to $45 billion Break the Mould A Benarasi brocade skirt from the Museum of Art and Photography in Bangalore features the motif of the Indian flag across it in the virtual exhibition, ‘We Wear Culture’, on display on Google Arts and Culture. The motif may be interpreted as the weavers’ urge to participate in the nation’s fight for independence. Another brocade skirt depicts the map of undivided India bound within a sunflower motif. A result of the collaborative effort of Google Arts & Culture and museums, universities and NGOs from across the globe, the exhibition has over 350 curated projects which include virtual tours, 360 degree videos, street views and ultra-high resolution images that highlight diverse fashion stories — from the courtly couture of Versailles to iconic pieces such as Marylin Monroe’s stilettos that changed the way people dressed; the Comme des Garcons Kimono-inspired sweater that exemplifies a marriage of the traditional and the contemporary to the timeless elegance of the Indian sari. “With so many stories, we knew we had to make navigation easier for the viewer. As a special feature on the platform, fashion collections can be discovered by searching for time or a colour,” says Simon Rein, India Programme Manager, Google Art and Culture. Its India edition began in 2012. The project showcases four broad categories — iconography, movements, weaving traditions and design but at the core of the India chapter is the ubiquitous sari with virtual shows of sari variations, drapes, and textiles. Some of the seminal exhibits have been sourced from the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya; Indian Museum, Kolkata; and SEWA Hansiba Museum, among others. “We don’t just wear clothes, we wear culture. The cultural background of the clothes we wear today is not known to most. This exhibition is an attempt to change that,” says Rein, emphasising on the cultural metaphors and social histories encoded in our traditional garments that have been clouded by processes of machanisation and globalisation. Each textile, form and motif, carries lesser-known histories reflecting the social-cultural milieu in which it was crafted. For instance, the Baluchari silks with long and elaborate pallus, witnessed a change in the late 19th and early 20th centuries with the “age of mechanical reproduction”. As a result, many artisans, including Baluchari weavers began depicting their newly learned visual vocabularies in their craft. So, the pallu became replete with figural imagery of hookah smoking nawabs and courtesans, Europeans with canons and horsebacks, and later to steamboats and trains. The extensive material available on regional Indian saris ranges from the Saktapar sari, often woven in red and black yarn-resist cotton in the regions of Samabalpur, Bargah and Sonepur; to the elaborate Patola, an unique double ikat weaving technique by the Salvi community of Patan; to the richly decorative brocade saris that are often made in silk from Varanasi; extending further to varied drapes such as the Kuncha saree drape, Kuchipudi drape, Coorgi sari drape and the seedha palla of Gujarat, Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh, developed regionally across the country offering insight into the manifestations of culture and functionality. Various Sari Drapes The exhibition also focuses on shawls and odhinis while making a case for the re-incarnation of the “humble blouse”. The wide-range in the exhibition, however, does not provide a context to some of the pieces thereby failing to make it comprehensive.‘Colours of the Earth’ and the ‘Himalayan Indigo’ argue for sustainable fashion by reviving ancient practises of natural dyeing. “Artificial dyes are major polluters and we need to formulate a sustainable systems of production. The problems with the fashion ecosystem need to be addressed. Natural dye becomes an important entry point, it creates a means of earning a livelihood for those in villages, while also reducing waste thereby producing a healthy ecosystem of sustainable fashion,” says Rashmi Bharti, Avani Society and curator of the two exhibitions. Global icons on Show Yves Saint Laurent: ‘1970s-1980s Signature Styles’ features 12 mannequins dressed in YSL’s vintage designs like the Tuxedo ensemble that transformed the male tuxedo into a garment for women; The Daytime ensemble that pairs a masculine pair of trousers and a double-breasted blazer with a bow blouse that adds a feminine touch; a straight silhouette, the Long Evening Ensemble, consists of a bolero and a long skirt. Gabrielle ‘Coco’ Chanel: Coco Chanel once said to Salvador Dali while referring to herself in third person, ‘all her life, all she did was change men’s clothing into women’s: jackets, hair, neckties, wrists’. The exhibition of her suits from the ’20s and ’30s assert her trademark philosophy. For all the latest Lifestyle News, download Indian Express App More Related News Ecofriendly and beautiful: India’s grasswork and handicraft communities Humayun Tomb finial: How the king got its crown back Tags: Art and Culture textile No Comments. Most Read UP Board 10th result 2017, result declared at upresults.nic.in: Where and how to check result UP Board Class 10th, 12th results 2017 declared on June 9, check here UP Board 12th result 2017, result declared at upresults.nic.in: Where and how to check result UP Board 10th Class result 2017 date and time: Results announced, pass percentage falls to 81.6 UP Board 12th Class result 2017 date and time: Results declared, Priyanshi Tewari tops with 96.2 per cent Best of Express Jammu and Kashmir: One militant killed as Army foils infiltration bid in Gurez sector Madhya Pradesh farmers' protest: CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan arrives in Bhopal, begins indefinite fast Helicopter accident in Badrinath kills one, pilots suffer injuries OpinionIn calling an unnecessary poll, Theresa May displayed both hubris and distance from reality OpinionPakistan, gripped by fear, tries to normalise blasphemy laws, anti-liberal violence Buzzing Now EntertainmentRaabta movie review: Sushant Singh Rajput, Kriti Sanon film is a rom con EntertainmentDiljit Dosanjh's short hair look without his turban has left fans shocked. See viral photos EntertainmentSonam Kapoor cuts her birthday cake with alleged beau Anand Ahuja by her side, watch videos TrendingVIDEO: Woman falls into open cellar as she was too busy texting while walking TrendingWATCH: This powerful video explaining the LGBTQ identities and sexuality is a must watch Top News Kansas shooting: Kuchibhotla's wife hails hate crime charges against suspect, says it 'brought relief in my heart' Pakistan lawmaker seeks probe into Musharraf-era nuke proliferation #GenderAnd: When we view everything through a gender perspective Need women in Army to face common people during operations: General Bipin Rawat SportsIndia vs Sri Lanka: A minor storm in the teacup SportsU-16 players, support staff yet to get daily allowance LifestyleCeleb airport style: Deepika Padukone and Jacqueline Fernandez are super cool babes on the go  Happy birthday, Sonam Kapoor: Here's a look at her best fashion picks in 2017 TechnologyApple iPhone 8 renders running iOS 11 leaked TechnologyiMCO Watch with Amazon Alexa in India at Rs 13,900, but will it work? Jun 10: Latest News Sara Ali Khan visits Kedarnath to seek blessings for her debut film co-starring Sushant Singh Rajput, see photo I watched Dangal, liked the actors as well as the movie: Chinese President Xi Jinping tells PM Narendra Modi Aamir Khan joins hands with Siddharth Roy Kapur for Rakesh Sharma biopic titled Salute Two killed as truck collides with car in UP SoftBank buys robotics leader Boston Dynamics from Alphabet                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Fans come to grips with the fact their Warriors won’t sweep NBA Contra Costa County DA is under criminal investigation Kids rejoice as playground in SF’s Presidio opens after Antioch boy killed by friend in accidental pellet-gun shooting News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Marches against Islamic law to be held in many US cities Orlando trauma surgeon: the Pulse attack 'changed me' Ice cream man loses lawyer while awaiting trial in slayings Bono-roo: U2 make their first U.S. festival appearance Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Cavs’ barrage of threes means sweep is not to be Own a piece of history: Chronicle store featuring historic Game 4: It was bruising, brawling basketball Warriors blown out in Game 4 by Cavaliers; 1st playoff loss Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF California’s greenhouse gas emissions fall by less than 1% SiriusXM buys stake in Oakland’s Pandora Media for $480 million Alphabet sells robot business behind spooky machines to SoftBank Verizon deal with Yahoo sets stage for thousands of company A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do The revolution will not be dramatized The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife LSD king Owsley Stanley’s ‘Sonic Journals’ surface after 50 Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Fenix closes quietly on Mission Street The best food trucks in San Francisco, according to Yelp Tacolicious takes delivery-only route with new project: MF San Jose's oldest restaurant, Wing's, is closing Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Boy fell in love with BART after surviving brain surgery. Transit Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog ‘Timeless elegance in a luxurious, trendy neighborhood’ Luxury, high-end homes popping up in once Spanish hacienda in Walnut Creek SF rents down again year-over-year. Here’s what your money Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Alphabet-sells-robot-business-behind-spooky-11208737.php Alphabet sells robot business behind spooky machines to SoftBank By Brian Fung Published 11:20 am, Friday, June 9, 2017 Photo: Shizuo Kambayashi, Associated Press Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son speaks with the company’s robot Pepper at a 2015 news conference. Below: a Boston Dynamics robot designed to help soldiers in the field. SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son speaks with the company’s robot Pepper at a 2015 news conference. Below: a Boston Dynamics robot designed to help soldiers in the field. Photo: Shizuo Kambayashi, Associated Press Alphabet sells robot business behind spooky machines to SoftBank 1 / 1 Back to Gallery A Japanese conglomerate is scooping up Boston Dynamics, the robotics firm behind many online videos that feature amazing yet somewhat creepy automatons. On Friday, SoftBank said it has struck a deal to acquire Boston Dynamics from Alphabet, the parent company of Google, which had acquired the robotics company in 2013. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. “Boston Dynamics are the clear technology leaders in advanced dynamic robots,” said SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son. “I am thrilled to welcome them to the SoftBank family and look forward to supporting them as they continue to advance the field of robotics.” Latest business videos Boston Dynamics is widely known for developing robots with potential military applications. The robots are built to withstand substantial abuse. Videos on the company’s YouTube channel show its four-legged contraptions recovering after being shoved and kicked, while its bipedal robots have been hit with hockey sticks. The deal is an unwinding of some of Google’s robotics investments. Google had begun snapping up robotics companies to create a robot unit under Andy Rubin, the man who built Google’s Android smartphone software into the dominant operating system of the mobile era. Boston Dynamics was the highest-profile company acquired by Google during that buying spree. After Rubin left Google in 2014, the company started to re-evaluate the robotics unit and put out feelers about selling off some of the companies involved, including Boston Dynamics. When Alphabet signaled that it was looking to shed the company last year, reports suggested that one major factor was the high cost of developing the robots, as well as a hazy path to market. Since Google reorganized as Alphabet in 2015, the company has strengthened its focus on financial sustainability — particularly among its Other Bets, a category that includes Google Fiber, Waymo, X and Nest. It appears that SoftBank may be more willing to accept Boston Dynamics’s leisurely timeline for research and development. And it makes some sense culturally, too: As its population ages, Japan has turned to robots to make up for workers who are leaving the labor pool. More than 26 percent of Japan’s population is over the age of 60, according to the World Bank. As a result, Japan has invested heavily in robots for elderly care, hospitality and other applications, leading to a boom in the technology. In 2014, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe predicted that Japan’s robot market will be worth $21 billion by 2020. Alphabet didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment on the sale. The New York Times contributed to this report. Brian Fung is a Washington Post writer. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. NBA FINALS - DUBS LEAD SERIES 3-1 Warriors blown out in Game 4 by Cavaliers; 1st playoff loss Who was the fan that got ejected from Game 4? Game 4 refs roasted on Twitter for controversial calls Warriors, Cavs fans lose their minds with memes after Game 4 Draymond Green's mom rips into NBA refs Saracevic: It was a bruising, brawling basketball game LATEST NEWS Gay man says he's barred from pride parade over Trump vote Contra Costa’s DA is under criminal investigation S. Bay man crashes drone, causes power outage, evacuation Marvel debuts first 'Black Panther' trailer during NBA Finals PG&E to pay $1.6M to settle suit over Carmel blast Boy killed by friend in accidental pellet-gun shooting Breitbart lost 90 percent of its advertisers in two months Interfaith groups to counter S. Bay anti-Sharia rally Wife of man charged in Ghost Ship fire breaks her silence Ghost Ship victims’ families in court for defendant’s hearing Artist creates actual Ghost Ship as tribute in Emeryville Ghost Ship’s ‘Warlord’ goes from survivor to defendant Mystery of Monterey Bay's most toxic algal bloom solved Bird trapped in amber 100 million years ago near perfect Why people regret leaving the Bay Area for the Northwest Morford: Bay Area real estate, where no one can hear you scream Sign of changing Mission: Dim future for bar’s neon beacon New building for nonprofits OKd in Mission TODAY'S TOP PICKS Florida man's insane tattooed mugshots stun the internet Spanish hacienda in Walnut Creek Puppy who flunks out of police training finds regal new position Most Popular 1 Wife of man charged in Ghost Ship fire breaks her silence 2 Game 4 refs roasted on Twitter for controversial calls 3 South Bay man crashes drone, causes power outage, evacuation 4 The grass isn't greener: Why people regret leaving the Bay... 5 Warriors vs. Cavs: Live commentary from Game 4 of the NBA Finals 6 Warriors blown out in Game 4 by Cavaliers; 1st playoff loss 7 Florida man's wild tattooed mugshots stun the internet 8 Who was the fan that got ejected from Game 4? 9 Cavaliers may take vengeance on Steph Curry for Game 3 'squat' 10 Draymond Green's mom rips into NBA refs during Game 4 View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | Google Pixel XL 2 appears on GFXBench: Key specifications revealed Google Pixel XL 2 appears on GFXBench: Key specifications revealed By: Samden Sherpa Updated: Friday, June 9, 2017, 23:42 [IST] As far as we know, Google is expected to launch new Pixel smartphones presumably the Pixel 2 and Pixel XL 2 later this year. While it might be too early to tell what Google is actually planning one of the alleged devices has just appeared on GFXBench. Roland Quandt was the first to spot the smartphone and he has stated that it is the Google Pixel XL 2. However, the appearance on this website means that Google is testing the smartphone and the good thing is that some of the specs of the smartphone have also been revealed. Google Pixel XL2 shows up on GFXBench: ~5.6in display w/ 18:9 ratio? SD835, 4/128GB, 12/8MP cams, NFC.... https://t.co/1UIyEkDk1Y pic.twitter.com/8e6PGOOzXo— Roland Quandt (@rquandt) June 9, 2017 The listing reveals that the smartphone is featuring a 5.6-inch display with 2560 x 1312 pixel resolution. The smartphone is running on the latest Snapdragon 835 chipset which seems to be clocked at 2.4GHz. The device has 4GB RAM and internal storage includes 100GB memory which should be increased to 128GB in the final version. Talking about the cameras, the listing shows that the handset is equipped with a 12MP rear camera and an 8MP front camera. The Pixel XL 2 is running on Android 7.1.1 Nougat as well. Besides, as we said earlier, Google is testing the phone right now and the specifications could be different when the final device is announced. Recently, an alleged Pixel smartphone was also spotted on Geekbench with Android 0. So it could be that the next iteration of Pixel smartphone may come with Android O instead of Nougat. In any case, we are expecting Google to bring in some improvements with the next Pixel devices. Most likely, the camera could be enhanced and it could be also that the upcoming Pixel phones could feature metal and glass back panels. The company is expected to announce the new Pixel smartphone this fall. Google Pixel XL 54,000 Specs Competitors Images +4 Read More About google | pixel 2 | android o | smartphones | mobiles | news Story first published: Friday, June 9, 2017, 23:39 [IST] Other articles published on Jun 9, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Xiaomi Mi Note 3 render pops up online showing curved display HTC U11 6GB RAM variant will be available in select countries only: List provided Android Developer Preview 3: Android O will be version 8.0 Featured Posts Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Log In Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Marketplace Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Marketplace Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine New: Kiplinger Alerts The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2017 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close Store Log in Search Close Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Marketplace Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Marketplace Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine New: Kiplinger Alerts The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2017 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close Tech Revolution Benefits the Aging Store Log in SLIDE SHOW 10 Small Towns With Big Millionaire Populations MARKETPLACE – NEW! Find Hot Deals in Kiplinger's New Marketplace SLIDE SHOW 7 Signs You Are Buying a Counterfeit Product QUIZ How Well Do You Really Know Warren Buffett? Advertisement Health Care & Insurance Tech Revolution Benefits the Aging Aging-in-place technology is helping to improve the aging experience for seniors and family caregivers. iStockphoto By Sally Abrahms, Contributing Writer From Kiplinger's Retirement Report, June 2017 Imagine your frail father dons a virtual reality headset so he can "attend" his grandson's graduation and feel as if he's really there. Or your mom, forgetful about her medicine, swallows a teensy sensor encased in medication that will relay the time she took the pill and the dosage to her smartphone. SEE ALSO: Technology Helps Seniors Remain at Home Perhaps your mother-in-law has dementia, which makes her agitated. A small robot she holds that acts like a cat, including purring, calms her instantly. Afraid she’ll wander? Your phone can alert you if she does. Whether already in use or still being tested, aging-in-place technology is improving the aging experience for seniors and family caregivers. Part of the reason: the development of artificial intelligence, or AI, and "big data." With AI, devices can react like humans after assessing a situation and learning someone's habits. Wearable gadgets—think Fitbit on steroids—can collect and analyze health data, while medical mini-machines monitor chronic conditions and customize treatment. "Technology is a game-changer, improving older adults' independence, engagement and health and reducing their social isolation," says David Lindeman, director of the Center for Technology and Aging at the University of California, Berkeley. "Technologies we haven't even thought of today will be on the market in the next few years." Advertisement Technology may be especially beneficial when baby boomers find they need an extra something, perhaps a friendly robot, to keep them healthy, happy and in charge as they grow older. And new technologies could help caregivers. In a 2015 AARP survey, fewer than 10% of family caregivers said they use, or have used, technology for caregiving, but 71% said they were interested. In the coming years, aging tech is likely to follow the pattern of smartphones, which gained traction in people's lives relatively quickly. Stand-alone devices are getting smaller, and apps are increasingly available for smartphones and tablets. Plus, aging technology is getting faster, cheaper and easier to use. What's out there today, or about to debut? Virtual Reality Offers Real Benefits Although it began as a teen gaming phenomenon, virtual reality, or VR, is maturing into a technology for older adults. While still in its infancy, VR for seniors is gaining fans among physicians, long-term-care staff, researchers, physical therapists and family members. Advertisement Here's how it works: A senior dons special VR goggles that show panoramic images made with a 360-degree video camera. The wearer is transported into a multisensory, three-dimensional world where he is totally immersed in a place or experience, making him feel as if he is actually there. That world might be his childhood neighborhood (via Google Maps), the beach, a faraway family reunion or a grandchild's wedding in real time. For older adults with mobility issues or cabin fever, VR breaks up day-to-day monotony and loneliness, letting seniors "travel"—sky diving or swimming with whales, anyone?—without leaving home. But VR offers more than just a good time. It's being studied as a way to reduce physical pain, opioid use, anxiety, stress and social isolation, and to improve mood. At Massachusetts General Hospital, doctors plan to use VR to study brain function in aging. "Individuals with dementia tend to struggle with activities such as executive function and multitasking, which can be hard to evaluate in a clinical setting," says Dennis Lally, co-founder of Rendever, a Boston company developing VR software for seniors. "With VR, it's now possible to track the human interaction with virtual tasks and leverage virtual reality analytics to measure the success of these activities." In the next few months, the hospital will begin testing the VR product. San Francisco physician Sonya Kim says when she first introduced VR to depressed and agitated patients, she thought, "Wow! This is phenomenal! People are happy!" In 2014, Kim developed Aloha VR, which she uses in group therapy sessions. "Our goal is to improve the quality of life for older adults, and through VR, take senior care to the next level," says Kim, even for patients being treated for dementia. She has seen violent dementia patients who have mellowed after using VR. Advertisement Dr. David Rhew, chief medical officer for Samsung Electronics America, believes that VR may be more than just a distraction from pain and anxiety—it may be an actual treatment. "Studies show there's a quantifiable impact, not just when the individual is receiving the VR but also after they take off the headset," says Rhew. A Cedars-Sinai Medical Center study—the largest controlled trial to date for VR pain treatment in hospitalized patients—showed VR reduced pain by 24%. At the University of Washington, researchers did MRIs on one group who used VR before the imaging and another that didn't. "The VR group showed high levels of activity in the brain suggesting that neurochemicals were being fired," says Rhew. "There is a strong suggestion that VR is reducing pain due to some neurological or physiological impact on the brain." Consumers have begun snapping up VR gadgets for home use. You can get Samsung's Gear VR headset for $100. But prices range from $15 for a Google Cardboard headset to nearly $600 for an Oculus Rift headset. (Oculus also offers a $99 version.) The devices are also being used in long-term-care facilities. For the past few months, The Residence at Watertown Square, a Boston-area long-term-care facility, has been using VR. Resident engagement director Shauna Bennett has a preprogrammed tablet that guides viewers through a script she reads. Perhaps it's for an interactive tour of the Grand Canyon or watching stars at night in Alaska. "Five minutes after they try VR, they are so stimulated," she says. "It is a mood changer. They are laughing and smiling and engaged." Advertisement Rendever, which designed that Grand Canyon tour, has its product in more than 30 senior facilities; by year-end, it will be in hundreds more. Social Robots on the Rise For a growing number of households, Alexa, the AI-enabled, voice-controlled personal assistant on the Amazon Echo speaker, has become a family member. "She" can recite sports scores, play song requests or look up appointments. Alexa is joined by "sisters" Siri, Google Home and Cortana. These devices are multiplying. A 2016 report from market research company Tractica predicts that 100 million consumer robots will ship between 2015 and 2020—including bots that vacuum and mow the lawn. Coming soon is Jibo, a $749 tabletop robot due on the market this year that interacts with humans. Jibo can tell a joke when you walk in the room and even teach a grandchild simple math. A built-in camera lets it snap family photos at your say-so. Robots like Jibo are being developed to react to your mood. Tired? Confused? Sad? Happy? The camera reads your facial expression and then converses with you. Elder care assistant robot ELLI Q, for the home market, is being tested with seniors in San Francisco. Built on the Android platform, ELLI Q draws content from the Web. The robot is connected to a tablet and suggests activities such as "Want to play a game of bridge?" (if you say yes, it will pull up a Web-based game) or "How about a walk?" after you've sat in front of the TV for a while. The robot will remind you to take your medicine; it also reads body language. Robotic pets are making the rounds in homes and senior facilities. At Front Porch, a nonprofit that manages senior communities and has a Center for Innovation and Wellbeing, residents in skilled nursing and memory care interact with Paro, a robotic seal, and a dog and cat from Hasbro's Joy for All Companion Pets. Sue Norton-Clapham's mother Mabel Norton, 98, is an animal lover. Although Norton has dementia and her words are garbled, she talks to Lily, the seal, and Noodles, the cat. She has to share them with other residents of her Chula Vista, Cal., facility, so her daughter plans to buy her a robotic pet of her own. "I work and can't always be with Mom," says Norton-Clapham, "so it really makes me feel great that she is connecting to something and still able to have those emotions and be a person." Hasbro's pets include three cats ($100 each) and a dog ($120) that looks like a Golden Retriever. When you speak, the dog looks toward you; stroke its back and you feel a "heartbeat." Robotics can be put to use in other ways, too. For example, robotic exoskeletons are being developed for those who need help moving around after a stroke, perhaps, or who have trouble walking. A wearable mobile machine, powered by electric motors and other technology, allows a person's limbs to move. ReWalk Robotics makes ReWalk for the home and rehab facilities. The battery-powered exoskeleton has motors at the joints, so those with spinal-cord injuries can walk, turn and climb stairs. Technology to Improve Your Health "Connected" health technology is a godsend for people who want to grow old in their homes and retain their independence. According to an industry report by MarketResearch.com, the market for connected smart sensors is expected to reach $117 billion by 2020. Health tech lets users get help in an emergency with mobile medic alert–like personal emergency response systems; track health and habits via wearable devices that gather biometric cardiac, respiratory, sleep and activity data; and monitor chronic conditions. It also lets patients speak with doctors remotely in real time (known as telemedicine), partake in virtual rehab, anticipate falls and manage medication. Through GPS, sensors, chips, cameras, voice activation, cellular connectivity and smartphone monitoring apps, technology provides a way to share information and offers peace of mind to family caregivers and loved ones. An adult child, for instance, can easily access the information by logging onto a smartphone, tablet or computer. Health tech company AliveCor sells a $99 smartphone-connected electrocardiogram that detects abnormal heart rhythms; called Kardia Mobile, the app on the smartphone lets the user see the results and take them to the doctor. And don't forget mental health and well-being. Software such as Posit's Brain HQ (some brain exercises are free, but full access costs $14 a month or $96 a year) and Rosetta Stone's Fit Brains ($80 a year) can help keep the brain sharp. Other technologies let people stay socially connected and engaged. Integrated systems such as GrandCare ($999 to $1,499 plus $99 a month) and Independa (Independa-enabled LG smart TV ranges from $699 to $1,199) combine multiple functions such as videocalling, reminders and activity monitoring (including looking for unusual behavior). Technology can also be used to manage medication. Not taking your medicine properly, or at all, can land you in the hospital—or worse. Today, there are smartphone apps and physical devices that release pills on schedule, and provide text or phone-call reminders if you forget to take your medicine. Apps, which vary in cost, include Medminder, Reminder Rosie, e-Pill and PillPack. And there is a new world of ingestible sensors. Proteus Digital Health, a health technology company, is partnering with health care systems to prescribe medications with sensors for patients with heart failure, cardio metabolic risk and hepatitis-C. Here's how it works: The medication is put into a capsule with a Federal Drug Administration–approved sensor the size of a grain of sand. Swallow the capsule and the sensor turns on when it reaches the stomach. It sends a signal to a small wearable sensor patch placed on your torso. The patch records the time you took your medication, the type of medicine and the dose. It then relays that information to your mobile device. If no information is relayed to the patch because you forgot to take your pill, the Proteus software sends you a reminder on your mobile device. The ingestible sensor passes through your body like food. The Proteus sensor is currently being used in eight large U.S. health care systems, which are picking up the tab while these smart pills are being tested. According to Dr. George Savage, co-founder of Proteus, fewer than 50% of people take their medication correctly. "Digital medicine helps doctors make better decisions," says Savage. Physicians can see if patients are failing to respond to the therapy or if it’s how they are taking the medicine that is at fault, he says. All of these technologies are just the beginning, with many more in the works. For example, smart contact lenses are being developed to measure blood glucose from a wearer's tears to monitor diabetes. Novartis is working with Google to create a contact lens that has a tiny antenna that sends data to the user's smartphone if her glucose level is too high or too low. Another company, Medella Health, has the same goal. It'll be a few years until either is tested, approved and distributed. Also on the horizon: Lighter and cheaper exoskeletons that pinpoint problem areas on the body. Let's say as your dad grows older, he develops a gait problem. A camera captures his movements and spots his weaknesses, then algorithms analyze the pictures so an engineer can make a brace or other assistive technology. A few small exoskeletons are in use, such as ReWalk. But they aren't necessarily affordable. "Robotic prosthetic limbs cost anywhere from $5,000 to $50,000," says Majd Alwan, executive director for LeadingAge Center for Aging Services Technologies. But Alwan says he believes that over the next five years, prices will be halved as competition increases. With so many technological advancements under way, the future of aging looks golden. SEE ALSO: Retirees, Avoid These Medicare Mistakes Show comments Advertisement Market Update Rate Info Check Out Kiplinger's Latest Online Broker Rankings Advertisement More From Kiplinger Most Popular Most Shared 10 Cheapest U.S. Cities to Live In - Slide Show 15 Worst States to Live in During Retirement - Slide Show 10 Things That Will Soon Disappear Forever (And 7 That Refuse to Die) - Slide Show Kirkland Products You Should Buy at Costco - Slide Show Most Popular Most Shared 15 Worst States to Live in During Retirement - Slide Show State-by-State Guide to Taxes on Retirees - Tool 10 Cheapest U.S. Cities to Live In - Slide Show Know About Wills? Test Your Estate-Planning Smarts - Quiz Follow Kiplinger 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Marketplace Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS All Contents © 2017, The Kiplinger Washington Editors
Articles l l How to Set Up Authy for Two-Factor Authentication (and Sync Your Codes Between Devices) Want Fast Charging? Don’t Use Your Car’s USB Ports The Best Streaming Music Services for Any Type of Listener What’s New in iOS 11 for iPhone and iPad, Arriving Fall 2017 Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search How to Use Google to Search Only Your Emails, Events, and Other Stuff By Eric Ravenscraft on June 9th, 2017 You probably use Google search to find out everything from movie showtimes to how tall Jeff Goldblum is. However, you can also use the regular Google search page to find your emails, calendar events, and packages. Here’s how to find just your own stuff with a quick Google search. As an example, say I want to find the email for movie tickets I purchased recently from AMC. To find it, search for “amc” on Google. Next, click on the More tab, then choose Personal. Your search results will now be limited to any emails that include “AMC.” You can use any search terms with this method, including email search parameters. For example, if you wanted to find any email from Amazon, you could type “from:amazon” in the search box. You can also find some of your stuff without using the Personal tab. For example, to find a list of your upcoming calendar events, search for “my events.” Search for “my packages” and you can also find information about orders you’ve placed online.  Google will pull out the price of the order, a list of items you ordered, links to your order on the site you ordered it from, and tracking information if it’s available. Google can’t search everything on your account from the search box—for example, you can’t search your Google Photos library like you can from the app—but it’s handy for a few things so you don’t have to dig through your email or calendar apps. JOIN THE DISCUSSION Tweet Eric Ravenscraft covers smarthome tech for How-To Geek. He's a problem solver who never learned to say no to a project. When he's not fixing things, he's cosplaying at cons, playing video games, and watching too many comic book movies. You can follow him on Twitter or Instagram. Published 06/9/17 DID YOU KNOW? Uranium is the heaviest of the primordially occurring elements with an atomic weight of 238.02891. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow PC Running Windows 7, 8, or 10 What Data Does Android Back Up Automatically? Lock Down Your Wi-Fi Network With Your Router’s Wireless Isolation Option What Is JavaScript, and Why Is Gmail Blocking It? Nest vs. Ecobee3 vs. Honeywell Lyric: Which Smart Thermostat Should You Buy? How to Choose the Best VPN Service for Your Needs How to Collaborate on Documents Over the Internet 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow Mac How to Disable or Reassign The Caps Lock Key on Any Operating System Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum How-To Geek Pro Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 10, 2:28 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Gay Pride Parades 2017: Google Maps Adds Routes For 35 Cities To App By Nina Godlewski @NinaGodlewski On 06/09/17 AT 1:53 PM Close Google Maps is celebrating Pride this year by altering its city maps a bit. For 35 parades across the world Google is adding the parade route to maps to help those looking to participate or navigate around the route. The new feature was added on Friday as some of the first parades began taking place around the world. Google announced the new feature as well as noting it is available on iOS and Android devices immediately. So if you’re in a city where there is a parade this weekend you may see the route when you open Maps. Read: Pride Month: Facebook Adds New LGBTQ Features To Site, Messenger To Help Users Celebrate June A photo of the Pride parade route in Tel Aviv from Google Maps. Photo: Google Maps Finding the start and end of the parade route can be difficult especially if you’re in a city you’re not used to but Google maps is making it easier for people everywhere to get involved if they want. The maps show up the day of or a few days before the parade is going to happen. So cities that have their parades later in the month, like New York, don’t have the feature on their map yet. How to use the Pride feature on Google Maps: Open maps for whatever city you’re in that’s hosting a Pride parade. You should see a pink or rainbow line indicating the parade route. The start of the parade is indicated by the small arrow icon, the end of the parade is indicated by the flag. The Pride parade route in Rome shown on Google maps. Photo: Google Maps Tap on the route to open up the event card about the parade. This card will tell you more information. The hours of the event, what kind of traffic conditions to expect and a website with more information will be listed on the card. Selecting the Pride parade on Google Maps will bring up the information card below with times, traffic patterns and more information about the event. Photo: Google Maps Google also says it will be incorporating the route into directions so it can provide detours for drivers looking to avoid the area. Events will also be marked in maps to indicate where events either along the route or for Pride in general will be taking place. Read: Air Pollution In US: Google Street View Cars Can Map Pollution Levels The feature is already available Friday in cities where parades were underway or planned for the next few days as some Twitter users were pointing it out. Some users really liked the new feature and felt the love from Google. Google is one of many tech giants on board with celebrating Pride this year. Snapchat has been releasing Pride filters during the weekends in June. Instagram added new stickers and filters designed by members of the LGBTQ community to the app to help users celebrate. The company also committed to painting murals in cities beginning with a rainbow wall in Los Angeles to show support. This all comes in addition to Instagram’s #KindComments campaign to spread kindness on the app. And Facebook added several new features including profile picture frames and a rainbow “Pride” reaction to the reaction bar. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories 'Gays For Trump' Banned From Pride Parade Facebook Adds New Frames, Profile Picture Features And Filters To Celebrate Pride Month 2017 LGBT Leader Calls Out Trump For Not Acknowledging Pride Month Recommended Business There's Another Paris Agreement The US Is No Longer A Part Of Washington refused to sign a multilateral accord to clamp down on the use of tax havens and “treaty shopping” by companies that operate outside their home countries. Technology Xbox Project Scorpio Will Have 9GB DDR5 RAM: Exec Says The gaming console will be launched Tuesday at E3 2017. Mike Ybarra, corporate vice president of Xbox and Windows gaming platform, Microsoft, revealed on Twitter that the company has unlocked an extra GB of RAM. World Archaeological Site At Eton College Is Really A Medieval Grave An archaeological site near a prestigious boarding school that English royals have attended, and in the same town where The Office was set, is actually a medieval grave for an important person. That makes it awkward that Eton College students historically used it for their weird rituals. National Trump Willing To Testify Against James Comey Under Oath President Donald Trump denied allegations that he asked Ex-FBI chief James Comey to drop the investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's alleged ties with Russia. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com 11 valuable survival tips you can learn from the homeless Friday, June 09, 2017 by: Bridgette Wilcox Tags: homeless, prepping, survival (Natural News) Homeless people are the ultimate survivors, and understanding how they live on the streets can teach people a thing or two about staying alive even in the worst conditions. When disaster strikes, you could very well end up homeless yourself. When that happens, keep in mind the following survival habits that help keep homeless people alive, according to AskaPrepper.com: Stock up on newspapers – Old newspapers are easy to find, and they can be used in many ways. They are particularly useful for keeping warm: You can stuff them inside your clothes or use it as kindling to build a fire. You can also use newspaper sheets as blankets, or use a crumpled one as a pillow. If you’ve built a shelter, you can use newspapers to insulate the insides as well. Wear layers – There is wisdom in the way homeless people wear all their clothes at once. Aside from having less items to carry with your hands, dressing in layers can keep you protected whatever the weather. Wearing extra layers keeps you warm in the cold, and layers can be easily removed when the temperature gets warmer. The extra clothing is also a fabric supply that you can use when the need arises — for instance, as a bandage, a napkin, or a rope. Use a space blanket or hot water bottle to stay warm when you sleep – Keeping a fire alive while you sleep may not always be ideal, so finding other way to stay warm can be helpful. If you can boil water, use it to fill an empty bottle to place under your blanket. Better yet, use a cheap Mylar blanket. This can keep you warm by reflecting your body heat back to you. Aside from that, Mylar blankets have many other uses — for instance, according to UrbanSurvivalSite.com, it can be used as a solar oven, a rain shelter, or even as a signal booster for a radio or phone. Use a coffee can for fire – An old coffee can (or any discarded can for that matter) can double as a stove or a portable fire — simply fill it with petroleum jelly and light it up. Clean yourself with baking soda – Hygiene shouldn’t suffer even in a survival situation, and the best way to maintain it on the cheap is with baking soda. The multipurpose product can work as deodorant, toothpaste, mouthwash, even as soap, and shampoo. At the same time, locate the public bathrooms nearest you. Most city shelters will have showers, and public pools and parks will also have shower facilities where you can clean up. Know where to get free food – Many fast food restaurants throw out excess food at the end of the day, so you can lurk there at the end of the day to ask for the leftovers before they hit the dumpster. Of course, businesses may not be in operation in a survival situation, so this trick might not be applicable. Having a stash of food in your backpack is still your best bet in avoiding hunger in an emergency. Stay mobile – Learning how to live out of a backpack is important for survival, because it means you can leave your current dwelling the second you need to. Homeless people never unpack, making it easier for them to move around. Stay vigilant – When you’re living on the streets or out in the open, all of your possessions can easily be stolen. Whenever you turn in, make sure you keep your backpack protected by using it as a pillow, or slinging it over your shoulder. Familiarize yourself with your current location – Before you settle down in any one place, get the lay of the land, know where the food sources and shelters are, figure out the safest areas, and know the best exit points. Also, getting to know the people around you is a good way to gauge the safety and livability of an area. Stay positive – It may be easy to fall into hopelessness when disaster strikes, but it is important to fight that. Having a positive outlook and staying focused on a goal (such as reuniting with family or returning to normalcy), can keep you motivated and inspire you to keep going despite the challenges. Always have a back-up plan – Wherever you end up, it is important to have a plan B. Homeless people can attest that life on the streets brings new challenges every day, so being able to adjust when circumstances change is crucial to staying alive. Learn more about surviving disasters on Preparedness.news. Sources include: AskaPrepper.com UrbanSurvivalSite.com Previous :Anesthesia for cancer surgery leaves patient with a TWO-DAY erection, followed by permanent erectile dysfunction Next : Could your pet be your new probiotic? Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... (Note: Avoid using gmail.com addresses, because Google deliberately censors this email newsletter to protect Big Pharma's profits.) Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on homeless 11 valuable survival tips you can learn from the homeless INSANITY: Hawaii launches homeless bill that could allow doctors to “prescribe” homes as “treatment” The new leftist ‘compassion:’ Cities across America criminalizing anyone feeding the homeless Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-06-09-11-valuable-survival-tips-you-can-learn-from-the-homeless.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-06-09-11-valuable-survival-tips-you-can-learn-from-the-homeless.html">11 valuable survival tips you can learn from the homeless</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Bombshell: James Comey willfully LIED to America about Hillary Clinton criminal investigation after being pressured by Loretta Lynch - NaturalNews.com 15 innocent victims dead after botched vaccine campaign, children as young as 12 years old caught administering vaccines - NaturalNews.com America’s first all-organic fast food restaurant, The Organic Coup, is expanding rapidly by avoiding GMOs, pesticides and antibiotics - NaturalNews.com The 20 biggest cancer lies you've been brainwashed to believe by the criminal fraudsters who run the for-profit cancer industry Derrick Broze of The Conscious Resistance interviewed by the Health Ranger - NaturalNews.com 11 valuable survival tips you can learn from the homeless - NaturalNews.com The power of trace minerals: How tiny elements can do so much for the human body - NaturalNews.com If you believe in liberty, you should be using the BRAVE browser (not chrome)… here’s why - NaturalNews.com Google RIGGED search results and now faces a $7 billion fine from EU authorities - NaturalNews.com Ten things you don’t know about the “Bitcoin casino” that could cause you to lose everything - NaturalNews.com Herd of cows leaps to its death off a 50-meter cliff… is humanity any different? - NaturalNews.com See the list of the top 5 most dangerous vaccines whose victims received high payouts from the U.S. government - NaturalNews.com Olive oil nutrient found to HALT brain cancer cells in their tracks - NaturalNews.com Global warming HOAX unravels... globalist science fraud engineered to control humanity, not save it Switzerland may BAN aluminum salts used in deodorants because they cause cancer - NaturalNews.com Could your pet be your new probiotic? - NaturalNews.com Vaccines, cancer and autism: Could a massive Big Pharma cover-up be behind mysterious deaths of holistic doctors? SHOCK finding as only 7% of Americans found to understand how water arrives at the tap… many think it works by “magic” - NaturalNews.com Bombshell: James Comey willfully LIED to America about Hillary Clinton criminal investigation after being pressured by Loretta Lynch - NaturalNews.com Ten alarming, REAL threats to the environment that are widely ignored by “climate change” advocates - NaturalNews.com FDA quietly bans powerful life-saving intravenous Vitamin C - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger featured in “The Sacred Plant” documentary series airing June 7th - NaturalNews.com Trump just SAVED America from the disastrous Paris Climate Treaty fraud - NaturalNews.com Contaminated food from China now entering the U.S. under the 'organic' label If carbon dioxide is so bad for the planet, why do greenhouse growers buy CO2 generators to double plant growth? What you're not being told about the Paris climate agreement - NaturalNews.com Bitcoin “end game” a mathematical certainty even as Japanese and Korean noobs convince kindergarten teachers they’ve stumbled upon a magical source of endless wealth - NaturalNews.com Canola oil: a chemical carcinogen that doesn't belong anywhere near your food The media can no longer hide the truth about Fukushima; the entire world is in danger - NaturalNews.com The Paris Climate Accord is GENOCIDE against plants, forests and all life on our planet - NaturalNews.com Global warming “hockey stick” data founded on FRAUD… computer models “hacked” to produce warming trend from any data set - NaturalNews.com Al Gore confuses TIDES with global warming ocean rise apocalypse, claims fish are “swimming in the streets” of Miami due to climate change - NaturalNews.com Survival gardening: Why you should grow these 7 edible perennials - NaturalNews.com 15 innocent victims dead after botched vaccine campaign, children as young as 12 years old caught administering vaccines - NaturalNews.com From Bitcoin to climate change: The top 10 things you probably believe that are complete bulls##t - NaturalNews.com See the list of the top 5 most dangerous vaccines whose victims received high payouts from the U.S. government - NaturalNews.com The Paris Climate Accord is GENOCIDE against plants, forests and all life on our planet - NaturalNews.com RED ALERT: Attempted political coup now taking place in D.C. with effort to impeach Trump for fabricated “obstruction of justice” - NaturalNews.com Boston Herald calls for government-run execution squads to MASS MURDER naturopaths, scientists and journalists who oppose mercury in immunizations - NaturalNews.com HELP NEEDED: Azure Organic Farm in Oregon about to be forcibly mass poisoned with glyphosate by the county government - NaturalNews.com FDA quietly bans powerful life-saving intravenous Vitamin C - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger featured in “The Sacred Plant” documentary series airing June 7th - NaturalNews.com Zinc lozenges proven to greatly speed recovery from colds and flu by 300% - NaturalNews.com Netflix bans “The Red Pill” movie because it contains too much TRUTH - NaturalNews.com This is what happens when you drink celery juice for one month - NaturalNews.com Question: what is trisodium phosphate and what is it doing in our food? Successful marriage depends on husband's attitude: Research What you're not being told about the Paris climate agreement - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Federal government releases financial settlement figures for vaccine injuries, shattering media’s false claim that vaccines never harm anyone - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger SCIENCE: Horsetail herb prevents Alzheimer’s and dementia by removing toxic ALUMINUM from your body - NaturalNews.com Bombshell: James Comey willfully LIED to America about Hillary Clinton criminal investigation after being pressured by Loretta Lynch - NaturalNews.com Australian parents who don’t vaccinate their children will be fined $14 per week by the authoritarian regime - NaturalNews.com Kathy Griffin sums up the deranged, violent, lunatic Left with video of the bloody, decapitated head of President Trump - NaturalNews.com In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists Hillary Clinton video: THE WALKING DEAD... collapses into security van... 'medical event'... diagnosed with 'vascular dementia' and Parkinson's... 'one year left to live' says doctor Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication - NaturalNews.com 10 health benefits of cucumbers Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News Drug overdose is now the LEADING cause of death for Americans under 50... Big Pharma's opioid death machine marches on (Naturalnews.com) - 2 Hours Ago Anesthesia for cancer surgery leaves patient with a TWO-DAY erection, followed by permanent erectile dysfunction (Naturalnews.com) - 2 Hours Ago Diet soda consumption during pregnancy leads to OBESE children (Naturalnews.com) - 2 Hours Ago 15 innocent victims dead after botched vaccine campaign, children as young as 12 years old caught administering vaccines (Naturalnews.com) Olive oil nutrient found to HALT brain cancer cells in their tracks (Naturalnews.com) Cannabis oil (CBD) CURES 12-year-old girl of life-threatening seizures (Naturalnews.com) Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners. The War on Independent Media Has Begun A coordinated censorship attack is being waged against the entire independent media by Google, YouTube and Facebook. After we were banned by Google for nearly a week, now Facebook is deliberately blocking the sharing of our stories to further censor our important reporting for human freedom and medical choice. Soon, the only way we will be able to reach you is via email, and Google is sometimes blocking our email delivery to gmail users. Enter your email address below to subscribe to our email announcement list (but don't use gmail). Your privacy is protected and you can unsubscribe at any time. If you don't join our email list, you may never see our valuable content again via Facebook, Google or YouTube. CENSORSHIP has now reached EXTREME levels across the 'net. The truth is being suffocated. Subscribe now if you want to escape the delusional bubble of false reality being pushed by Google and Facebook. No thank you. Don't show this again. Already have it and love it! Once you click subscribe, we will send you an email asking you to confirm your free subscription.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     NEWS & INFORMATION FOR TECHNOLOGY PURCHASERS. UPDATED 7 MINUTES AGO. Home Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content You are here: Home / Business Briefing / Verizon's Ad Dollar Plan for Yahoo Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com How Verizon Hopes To Grab Digital Ad Dollars with Yahoo By Tali Arbel PUBLISHED: JUNE 09 2017 About 2,100 jobs are on the chopping block as Verizon prepares to combine Yahoo and AOL for a digital advertising offensive. Yahoo's shareholders on Thursday approved the $4.5 billion sale of its key businesses to Verizon. The deal is expected to close by Tuesday. AOL and Yahoo will cut 15 percent of the 14,000 workers they now employ, or about 2,100 jobs, said a person familiar with the matter who requested not to be identified discussing the cuts. Using Yahoo Verizon has a simple goal in buying Yahoo's core business: It wants to challenge Google and Facebook in the huge and lucrative field of digital advertising. But Verizon faces its own challenge in doing so, given that it will be competing against a slew of other companies also looking to break in. Verizon wants to become a strong third choice for advertisers by adding Yahoo's popular sites and billion users worldwide to its own media business, which includes AOL and Verizon's home-grown go90 video service. It can place ads on those sites, and can also combine data from visitors to those sites with AOL's ad technologies and sales teams, and possibly also personal data from Verizon mobile customers such as location and other information, in order to better target ads at individuals. Verizon has programs that use mobile-customer data for targeted ads and may combine that with data gathered by AOL and Yahoo. Verizon says customers can choose whether to participate. Yahoo and AOL are "positioned to do better together than apart," Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Wieser said. But he is setting the bar low. While Verizon talks of growth from the deal, Wieser said "not declining would be a success. Five years from now, if the combined entity were the same size as it is today, I would consider that to be successful." The Vision Verizon sees online ads -- particularly targeted ads -- as a potential new source of growth as the wireless industry fights for U.S. users with lower prices and other discounts. Verizon has "essentially turned into a no-growth business," said CFRA Research's Angelo Zino. The ad business would be a "big deal" for Verizon if it goes well, he said. Tim Armstrong, the former Google executive who joined AOL as CEO in 2009, has for years wanted to combine AOL with the long-declining Yahoo. Although AOL has big-name properties such as HuffPost and Engadget, it hasn't been as big of an online destination as Yahoo's mail, finance, sports and other properties. The combined business, to be called Oath, will expand its news, sports, entertainment, finance and lifestyle coverage. Like everyone else, Oath will focus on video and mobile, where consumers increasingly spend their time online. Armstrong says he wants Oath properties to be a place consumers "come and visit every day" and predicts users growing to 2 billion from 1.3 billion by 2020, with annual revenue of $10 billion to $20 billion from roughly $7 billion today. Lowell McAdam, CEO of New York-based Verizon, teased last month that this could set the stage for a new streaming video service, competing with the slew of internet-TV services already out there. Verizon already has a free mobile video service, go90, that isn't well known. Alternatives to the Duopoly Facebook and Google together draw about half the world's spending on digital ads, and in the U.S., they're even more dominant. They're also where the majority of mobile-ad dollars go, eMarketer data show. The sway Facebook and Google hold for advertisers isn't expected to change in the next few years. They had a head start on mobile. Yahoo has poured billions into acquisitions that have helped Yahoo make some leeway in mobile -- but not enough. It's gotten better at doing mobile ads, but it has had no major hit apps. Still, AOL and Yahoo together provide a much-smaller No. 3 in the U.S. for advertisers looking to reach lots of people. But even if Verizon's goal is to just be happy at No. 3, there are several much smaller players that also draw advertisers. Snapchat is a niche hit with young people. Amazon has an under-the-radar ad business that supports its e-commerce dominance. Microsoft, which owns LinkedIn, is expected to grow its piece of the ad pie; Microsoft will be just behind the combined AOL-Yahoo in the U.S. once the deal closes. Twitter, although it's sorting out its ad business, is a significant smaller player. Globally, several Chinese companies also rake in ad dollars. And the combined company will also have to compete for people's attention, and not just with other services that rely on ad dollars to survive. Popular sites like Amazon or Netflix also suck up time spent online, said eMarketer analyst Martin Utreras. "They've acquired these two dinosaurs and you kind of wonder, can they be successful?" Zino said. That will depend on Verizon being able to convince marketers that they know more about consumers than anyone else, he said. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Verizon, Yahoo, Acquisition, Job Cuts, Online Advertising, Targeted Ads Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Microsoft Debuts Changes for Win 10 2. Malware in Britney Spears' Instagram 3. MS Borrows Amazon's Philosophy 4. Verizon's Ad Dollar Plan for Yahoo 5. Big Companies Seek Impact Investing MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN BUSINESS BRIEFING 1. SoftBank Acquires Boston Dynamics 2. Verizon's Ad Dollar Plan for Yahoo 3. Data Center Server Market Slowing 4. Snap Buys Location-Tracking Startup 5. Big Companies Seek Impact Investing NEWSFACTOR.COM Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 7 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Business Briefing / Verizon's Ad Dollar Plan for Yahoo Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com How Verizon Hopes To Grab Digital Ad Dollars with Yahoo By Tali Arbel PUBLISHED: JUNE 09 2017 About 2,100 jobs are on the chopping block as Verizon prepares to combine Yahoo and AOL for a digital advertising offensive. Yahoo's shareholders on Thursday approved the $4.5 billion sale of its key businesses to Verizon. The deal is expected to close by Tuesday. AOL and Yahoo will cut 15 percent of the 14,000 workers they now employ, or about 2,100 jobs, said a person familiar with the matter who requested not to be identified discussing the cuts. Using Yahoo Verizon has a simple goal in buying Yahoo's core business: It wants to challenge Google and Facebook in the huge and lucrative field of digital advertising. But Verizon faces its own challenge in doing so, given that it will be competing against a slew of other companies also looking to break in. Verizon wants to become a strong third choice for advertisers by adding Yahoo's popular sites and billion users worldwide to its own media business, which includes AOL and Verizon's home-grown go90 video service. It can place ads on those sites, and can also combine data from visitors to those sites with AOL's ad technologies and sales teams, and possibly also personal data from Verizon mobile customers such as location and other information, in order to better target ads at individuals. Verizon has programs that use mobile-customer data for targeted ads and may combine that with data gathered by AOL and Yahoo. Verizon says customers can choose whether to participate. Yahoo and AOL are "positioned to do better together than apart," Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Wieser said. But he is setting the bar low. While Verizon talks of growth from the deal, Wieser said "not declining would be a success. Five years from now, if the combined entity were the same size as it is today, I would consider that to be successful." The Vision Verizon sees online ads -- particularly targeted ads -- as a potential new source of growth as the wireless industry fights for U.S. users with lower prices and other discounts. Verizon has "essentially turned into a no-growth business," said CFRA Research's Angelo Zino. The ad business would be a "big deal" for Verizon if it goes well, he said. Tim Armstrong, the former Google executive who joined AOL as CEO in 2009, has for years wanted to combine AOL with the long-declining Yahoo. Although AOL has big-name properties such as HuffPost and Engadget, it hasn't been as big of an online destination as Yahoo's mail, finance, sports and other properties. The combined business, to be called Oath, will expand its news, sports, entertainment, finance and lifestyle coverage. Like everyone else, Oath will focus on video and mobile, where consumers increasingly spend their time online. Armstrong says he wants Oath properties to be a place consumers "come and visit every day" and predicts users growing to 2 billion from 1.3 billion by 2020, with annual revenue of $10 billion to $20 billion from roughly $7 billion today. Lowell McAdam, CEO of New York-based Verizon, teased last month that this could set the stage for a new streaming video service, competing with the slew of internet-TV services already out there. Verizon already has a free mobile video service, go90, that isn't well known. Alternatives to the Duopoly Facebook and Google together draw about half the world's spending on digital ads, and in the U.S., they're even more dominant. They're also where the majority of mobile-ad dollars go, eMarketer data show. The sway Facebook and Google hold for advertisers isn't expected to change in the next few years. They had a head start on mobile. Yahoo has poured billions into acquisitions that have helped Yahoo make some leeway in mobile -- but not enough. It's gotten better at doing mobile ads, but it has had no major hit apps. Still, AOL and Yahoo together provide a much-smaller No. 3 in the U.S. for advertisers looking to reach lots of people. But even if Verizon's goal is to just be happy at No. 3, there are several much smaller players that also draw advertisers. Snapchat is a niche hit with young people. Amazon has an under-the-radar ad business that supports its e-commerce dominance. Microsoft, which owns LinkedIn, is expected to grow its piece of the ad pie; Microsoft will be just behind the combined AOL-Yahoo in the U.S. once the deal closes. Twitter, although it's sorting out its ad business, is a significant smaller player. Globally, several Chinese companies also rake in ad dollars. And the combined company will also have to compete for people's attention, and not just with other services that rely on ad dollars to survive. Popular sites like Amazon or Netflix also suck up time spent online, said eMarketer analyst Martin Utreras. "They've acquired these two dinosaurs and you kind of wonder, can they be successful?" Zino said. That will depend on Verizon being able to convince marketers that they know more about consumers than anyone else, he said. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Verizon, Yahoo, Acquisition, Job Cuts, Online Advertising, Targeted Ads Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. SoftBank Acquires Boston Dynamics 2. SpaceX Will Launch Secretive X-37B 3. NASA Selects 12 New Astronauts 4. Earliest Fossils of Our Species Found 5. True Autonomous Cars Next Year? MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN BUSINESS BRIEFING 1. SoftBank Acquires Boston Dynamics 2. Verizon's Ad Dollar Plan for Yahoo 3. Data Center Server Market Slowing 4. Snap Buys Location-Tracking Startup 5. Big Companies Seek Impact Investing SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Gorge News Center A Division Of Haystack Broadcasting Home News Oregon Washington Talk Shows Business Beat Klickitat AM Oregon Cherry Growers Talk of the Gorge Cover to Cover Book Beat Info Community Calendar Road Report School Closure & Delays Ski Report Weather Contact Us Haystack Broadcasting Sites Y-102 Star FM KLCK 1400 Off The Beaten Track Business Directory Google expert talks Internet safety on June 9, 2017 · Leave a Comment Ben Brown, Google technology expert June is Internet Safety Month and Google is giving us the tips and tools we need to keep ourselves and our families safe online. We use the internet in our homes every day, but what questions should we be asking to know if our products are up to date and if our devices are secured? Let Google be your home technology guru and answer questions about protecting your Wi-Fi network, password tips – how to come up with something you remember but that is also safe, and digital discipline tips for families and kids. As we make our way into the busiest moving season, it’s also good to keep in mind the basics of setting up your home network. From purchasing vs. renting a router and what the best option is for you, to what to do if you’re living with someone you don’t know – if you find a roommate on Craigslist, do you want to be on the same router/network? What does that mean for your information and devices? Ben Brown has been working on consumer and home automation products for the past decade and is passionate about how the convergence of machine learning, design and ever improving hardware platforms can deliver amazing end-user experiences. He was the one of the founders of the Google Wifi program and spearheaded much of the home platform investments for Google over the past 5 years, thinking about the emergence of voice and artificial intelligence to deliver the next generation of in-home experiences. To hear our interview, click on the grey podcast bar below http://gorgenewscenter.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/06-07-17-Ben-Brown-Google-technology-expert.mp3 Podcast: Play in new window | Download Leave A Comment... Cancel reply Name * Email * Website CAPTCHA Code * Powered by Catalyst Copyright © 2017 Gorge News Center Lots of choice for weekend activities Search Warrants and Arrests in Goldendale
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Phoronix Turns 13: Phoronix celebrateed its 13th birthday of continuous Linux coverage on June 5. Each year it unfortunately becomes increasingly difficult to operate due to ad-blockers. We rely upon advertisements to continue. If you continue blocking ads, consider a tip via PayPal to help support our work. Or you can get on our ad-free premium service that offers additional benefits with Phoronix Premium. Thanks! Google Is Exploring Potentially Using Btrfs In Android Written by Michael Larabel in Google on 9 June 2017 at 12:46 PM EDT. 26 Comments Google is looking at potentially supporting Btrfs on Android devices. A Google engineer has confirmed they are "evaluating btrfs for its potential use in android." This statement was made when the Googler, Filip Bystricky, was inquiring about Btrfs' lack of native encryption support. Btrfs lacking native file-based encryption makes it a non-starter for them. Android's primary file-system is current EXT4, which in the past few years has supported native encryption via what's now known as fscrypt in the Linux kernel and is also shared by the Flash-Friendly File-System (F2FS). Google's interest in Btrfs encryption, as acknowledged in the Btrfs mailing list, will perhaps motivate some developers to get going with this work. There were some patches for Btrfs encryption last year but were incomplete and never merged. 26 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Google News Google's Brotli Compression Format Nearing v1.0 Chrome 59 Now Out As Stable For Linux Google Plans End To PNaCl Support In Favor Of WebAssembly Gollvm: Google Working On LLVM-Based Go Compiler Android Studio 3.0 Preview Release: Kotlin, Java 8 Features Android O Developer Preview 2 Released, Android Go Announced Popular News Some Ryzen Linux Users Are Facing Issues With Heavy Compilation Loads AMD Begins Cutting Prices On Ryzen CPUs LZ4m: Taking LZ4 Compression To The Next Level Ubuntu 17.10 Begins Transition To GNOME Shell Desktop By Default TrueOS BSD Stable Milestone With Installer Improvements, Lumina 1.2.2 Desktop Steam Linux Usage Ticks Up Slightly For May Latest Linux News NVIDIA Releases New Public Vulkan Beta Driver, Includes 4 New Extensions More AMDGPU DC Patches Posted As It Looks Unlikely It Will Land For Linux 4.13 PCI Express 4.0 Is Ready, PCI Express 5.0 In 2019 Wine 2.10 Released With Initial Android Graphics Driver Librem 13 v2 Support Lands In Upstream Coreboot KDE Neon Begins Vetting Qt 5.9 Google Is Exploring Potentially Using Btrfs In Android RadeonSI ARB_bindless_texture Revised, Nearly Ready For Mesa 17.2 Git VirtualBox DRM/KMS Graphics Driver Being Prepped For Mainline Kernel Etnaviv DRM Driver Reverse-Engineers Performance Counters Support Latest Featured Articles 18-Way NVIDIA/AMD Linux Performance For Dawn Of War III Intel OpenGL Performance On macOS 10.12 vs. Clear Linux, Ubuntu Radeon's Open-Source Linux GPU Driver Has Nearly Caught Up With Windows' Driver GL_vs_VK: A Micro-Benchmark Looking At The Overhead Of OpenGL vs. Vulkan APIs 15-Way NVIDIA/AMD OpenCL GPU Linux Benchmarks Of Ethereum Ethminer Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Cities Topics Handbook More Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Chicago Detroit Hamptons Los Angeles Miami New Orleans New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Washington DC Topics Architecture Interior Design Tiny Homes Prefab Home Tech House Calls For Sale Longform Maps Handbook ✕ Curbed Handbook Apple HomePod, Google Home, Amazon Echo: Everything you need to know New, 3 comments Home tech is taking over by Asad Syrkett@AsadSyrkett Jun 9, 2017, 12:45pm EDT tweet share pin Apple’s recently unveiled HomePod is the latest all-in-one speaker and home tech hub to join Amazon Echo and Google Home. It’ll be available in December. Photo via Apple Editor’s note: This story was originally published in October 2016 and has been updated with the latest information. Since Google launched its smart home hub, the Google Home—joining the Amazon Echo and Apple HomeKit—the dream of the truly smart home has edged ever closer to reality. Even Ikea has jumped in on the action, announcing in May that its line of smart lighting will be compatible with Amazon’s, Google’s, and Apple’s smart home ecosystems. And, earlier this week, Apple announced the HomePod—an all-in-one speaker and smart home hub not unlike the Amazon Echo—that the company hopes will rival the Echo and offer the sound quality of connected audio systems like Sonos’s line of speakers. While that’s great news for tech evangelists, it’s a potential source of more confusion than excitement for your average consumer, whose knowledge of smart home “ecosystems” is often obscured by the increasing number of options out there. That’s where we come in. From price to compatibility and, of course, style, here are the details on the offerings from Apple, Amazon, and Google: how they differ, how much they cost, and all the basics you need to know. Want more info on how to make your home a smart one? Check out our guide to doing just that. Amazon Echo The Amazon Echo Photo via Amazon When Amazon entered the smart home ecosystem fray in November of 2014, it made quite an impression. For one, the Amazon Echo was the first of its kind: a Bluetooth-connected speaker that also plays music from Spotify and Pandora. But Echo went beyond the usual automated-control-of-lights-and-HVAC home tech paradigm with a voice-activated virtual assistant, Alexa, that can turn on the news, set alarms, give users intel on the day’s weather, and answer simple questions like “How many ounces are in a cup?” The Echo hub—a cylindrical, nearly 9.5-inch-tall unit with a black case and blue indicator lights—has a darker, moodier aesthetic than most of the Wall-E-style, white-and-silver home tech products out there, which also helps set it apart. While many consumers want a device that fades into the background, the Echo offers a similarly unobtrusive unit with a different look. Amazon’s Echo Dot Photo via Flickr Amazon announced a more compact version of the Echo, the Echo Dot, in the spring of 2016, and though the smaller device costs a bit less, it still plays music (at lower quality and volume) and can be given voice commands. Who’s it good for? The Echo is a good option for music fans who also want the smart home experience and are down with trying voice-activated smart home interfaces. The brass tacks: The Echo starts at $179.99, and consumers can purchase it online at Amazon.com or at retail stores like Best Buy. The Echo Dot, which is only available for purchase with an Alexa device like the original Echo or Amazon Tap, retails at half the price of its older sibling, for $89.99. There’s an Echo app for both iOS and Android devices. Apple HomeKit Apple’s HomePod will be available in the U.S., U.K. and Australia in December, for $349. Photo via Apple For a while, Apple wasn’t trying to sell consumers on a new, physical hub with its HomeKit ecosystem. There were some benefits there: A user’s existing, iOS 10-equipped device (including iPhones, iPads, Apple Watches, and Apple TVs) could serve as a nexus for a consumer’s intelligent apartment through Apple’s Home app and with voice commands given to Siri, the company’s longtime virtual assistant. Earlier this week, though, Apple announced the HomePod, a smart speaker meant to challenge Amazon Echo’s grip on the market and present an alternative to the Sonos line of products, which are lauded by many for their music audio quality at that price point. How successful the HomePod will be is, at the moment, up for debate. Who’s it good for? Apple’s HomePod and HomeKit ecosystem are the choice for iPeople—folks who already have iOS 10-equipped or iOS 10-ready mobile devices (and that’s a lot of us). If you primarily use an Android device, HomeKit isn’t the best option for you. A HomePod is going to appeal to Apple fans, of course, and to those who go for audio quality over inexpensiveness: At $349, the HomePod is pricier than its competitors. The brass tacks: The Home app comes standard with iOS 10 on any Apple mobile device. You can purchase Apple HomeKit-compatible devices on the Apple website or at an Apple retail shop, as well as at retailers like Target, Best Buy, and Walmart. The HomePod isn’t yet available, though: Apple is bringing it to U.S., U.K., and Australian stores in December, when it will retail for $349. Google Home Photo via Google Google Home is a direct competitor to Amazon Echo: Home, too, is voice activated (“OK Google”), can play music (from your Google Play, Spotify, YouTube Music, Pandora, or TuneIn accounts), set alarms, spout dictionary definitions, and, of course, control lights and thermostats. For now, Google Home doesn’t work with nearly as many home tech products as Amazon Echo—which supports nearly 300 services—but expanded compatibility is likely to come with time. And, as one Curbed reader points out, integrations with IFTTT opens up a world of possibilities for users who want to get their Google Home units to complete certain tasks for them, like adding calendar reminders. For now, Home works with some of the most prominent smart home companies, like Nest, Philips Hue, and anything SmartThings-branded. And, if you already use a Google Chromecast, you’re good to go there, too. Who’s it good for? Google Home is great for people trying to save money (it retails for $109, compared to Amazon Echo’s $179.99) and folks who dig the customizable, colorful speaker grilles available for each unit. It’s also fine for those who don’t mind the rather limited number of products it’s compatible with—at least for now. Odds are, the average user won’t need more than what’s available. The brass tacks: Google Home is available for purchase online and at retailers like Best Buy, Bed Bath & Beyond, and Williams-Sonoma. It’ll run you about $109, plus tax. In this Storystream Home tech 101: Tips for designing your smart home Apple HomePod, Google Home, Amazon Echo: Everything you need to know 4 all-in-one security systems for your smart home View all 10 stories Next Up In Home Tech 4 all-in-one security systems for your smart home Apple HomePod wants to take on Amazon Echo, Google Home, Sonos Samsung's new smart home hub is an all-in-one Wi-Fi router The smart home of 1895: Dumbwaiters, servant call systems, and milk receivers Ori robotic furniture transforms studio apartments into so much more Ikea smart lighting to be compatible with Amazon Alexa, Google Home, and Apple Home app Trending An illustrated guide to Frank Lloyd Wright Get to know the architect’s signature buildings The 11 best botanical gardens in the United States Step under the shady foliage of a local garden and your summer worries melt away, replaced with a plant-inspired serenity. 101 ways to fight climate change and support the Paris agreement Curbed searched communities, consulted experts and advocates, and pulled from our voluminous coverage on sustainable cities to create a go-to guide for climate action. 5 affordable modern prefab houses you can buy right now Some prefab homes out there can go for upwards of $500,000 each. But here, we highlight the relatively affordable options that still don't sacrifice style. Clay house in Mexico City is all about light From the street, the house’s main volume seems to levitate above the slope below, lending a lightness to the clay-covered form. More in Trending Newsletter Enter your email address Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 54. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Official Rules for Curbed Frank Lloyd Wright Poster Giveaway by CurbedStaff Giant concrete flying saucer-like structures make up this Japanese plaza CoFuFun is a 6,000-square-meter plaza designed by prolific Tokyo-based Studio Nendo. by Lauren Ro Colorful ‘mega mural’ revives industrial space in Maryland At 80 feet high—and comprising about 170 gallons of paint—the work of art is a riot of colorful shapes, stripes, and dots. by Asad Syrkett Midcentury modern Aussie beach house will kickstart your weekend wanderlust Designed in 1963 by architect Brian Mazlin, the elegant post-and-beam home is distinguished by its simplicity. by Lauren Ro New halo-like bike light keeps riders safe by increasing visibility Bikesphere reimagines the common bike light by creating a safety zone around the cyclist in low-light situations. by Lauren Ro 1 comment / new 5 tips for living on a boat full-time After an eight-month-long renovation and almost one full year at sea, a family of four has picked up some tips on how to fully embrace the perks of boat life. by Margaret Lin Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead About Curbed Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     BUSINESS NEWS FOR TECHNOLOGY DECISION-MAKERS. UPDATED 7 MINUTES AGO. Home Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content You are here: Home / Business Briefing / Verizon's Ad Dollar Plan for Yahoo Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com How Verizon Hopes To Grab Digital Ad Dollars with Yahoo By Tali Arbel PUBLISHED: JUNE 09 2017 About 2,100 jobs are on the chopping block as Verizon prepares to combine Yahoo and AOL for a digital advertising offensive. Yahoo's shareholders on Thursday approved the $4.5 billion sale of its key businesses to Verizon. The deal is expected to close by Tuesday. AOL and Yahoo will cut 15 percent of the 14,000 workers they now employ, or about 2,100 jobs, said a person familiar with the matter who requested not to be identified discussing the cuts. Using Yahoo Verizon has a simple goal in buying Yahoo's core business: It wants to challenge Google and Facebook in the huge and lucrative field of digital advertising. But Verizon faces its own challenge in doing so, given that it will be competing against a slew of other companies also looking to break in. Verizon wants to become a strong third choice for advertisers by adding Yahoo's popular sites and billion users worldwide to its own media business, which includes AOL and Verizon's home-grown go90 video service. It can place ads on those sites, and can also combine data from visitors to those sites with AOL's ad technologies and sales teams, and possibly also personal data from Verizon mobile customers such as location and other information, in order to better target ads at individuals. Verizon has programs that use mobile-customer data for targeted ads and may combine that with data gathered by AOL and Yahoo. Verizon says customers can choose whether to participate. Yahoo and AOL are "positioned to do better together than apart," Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Wieser said. But he is setting the bar low. While Verizon talks of growth from the deal, Wieser said "not declining would be a success. Five years from now, if the combined entity were the same size as it is today, I would consider that to be successful." The Vision Verizon sees online ads -- particularly targeted ads -- as a potential new source of growth as the wireless industry fights for U.S. users with lower prices and other discounts. Verizon has "essentially turned into a no-growth business," said CFRA Research's Angelo Zino. The ad business would be a "big deal" for Verizon if it goes well, he said. Tim Armstrong, the former Google executive who joined AOL as CEO in 2009, has for years wanted to combine AOL with the long-declining Yahoo. Although AOL has big-name properties such as HuffPost and Engadget, it hasn't been as big of an online destination as Yahoo's mail, finance, sports and other properties. The combined business, to be called Oath, will expand its news, sports, entertainment, finance and lifestyle coverage. Like everyone else, Oath will focus on video and mobile, where consumers increasingly spend their time online. Armstrong says he wants Oath properties to be a place consumers "come and visit every day" and predicts users growing to 2 billion from 1.3 billion by 2020, with annual revenue of $10 billion to $20 billion from roughly $7 billion today. Lowell McAdam, CEO of New York-based Verizon, teased last month that this could set the stage for a new streaming video service, competing with the slew of internet-TV services already out there. Verizon already has a free mobile video service, go90, that isn't well known. Alternatives to the Duopoly Facebook and Google together draw about half the world's spending on digital ads, and in the U.S., they're even more dominant. They're also where the majority of mobile-ad dollars go, eMarketer data show. The sway Facebook and Google hold for advertisers isn't expected to change in the next few years. They had a head start on mobile. Yahoo has poured billions into acquisitions that have helped Yahoo make some leeway in mobile -- but not enough. It's gotten better at doing mobile ads, but it has had no major hit apps. Still, AOL and Yahoo together provide a much-smaller No. 3 in the U.S. for advertisers looking to reach lots of people. But even if Verizon's goal is to just be happy at No. 3, there are several much smaller players that also draw advertisers. Snapchat is a niche hit with young people. Amazon has an under-the-radar ad business that supports its e-commerce dominance. Microsoft, which owns LinkedIn, is expected to grow its piece of the ad pie; Microsoft will be just behind the combined AOL-Yahoo in the U.S. once the deal closes. Twitter, although it's sorting out its ad business, is a significant smaller player. Globally, several Chinese companies also rake in ad dollars. And the combined company will also have to compete for people's attention, and not just with other services that rely on ad dollars to survive. Popular sites like Amazon or Netflix also suck up time spent online, said eMarketer analyst Martin Utreras. "They've acquired these two dinosaurs and you kind of wonder, can they be successful?" Zino said. That will depend on Verizon being able to convince marketers that they know more about consumers than anyone else, he said. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Verizon, Yahoo, Acquisition, Job Cuts, Online Advertising, Targeted Ads Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. MS Borrows Amazon's Philosophy 2. Verizon's Ad Dollar Plan for Yahoo 3. Big Companies Seek Impact Investing 4. SoftBank Acquires Boston Dynamics 5. Data Center Server Market Slowing MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN BUSINESS BRIEFING 1. SoftBank Acquires Boston Dynamics 2. Verizon's Ad Dollar Plan for Yahoo 3. Data Center Server Market Slowing 4. Snap Buys Location-Tracking Startup 5. Big Companies Seek Impact Investing NEWSFACTOR BUSINESS REPORT Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Andy Rubin on AmbientOS, future Essential products and AR [Interview] Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Yesterday GOOG: 949.83 -33.58 Google Maps makes it easier to find & navigate this year’s Pride events Justin Duino - Jun. 9th 2017 8:45 am PT @jaduino Apps & Updates Google Maps View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit This year, as a way to celebrate Pride and to help people navigate to events and parades, Google Maps will be displaying different Pride festivities happening in 35 cities around the world… UAG Samsung Galaxy S8 Cases When you launch the Google Maps application on either Android or iOS, you will see parade routes shown as a rainbow. All Pride-related events will marked with a “special Pride icon.” Tapping on the parade route or the icon will bring up an information card that will tell you more about the event, its hours, and the traffic nearby. While Google does state that it has added parade routes and event info for 35 cities, it doesn’t explicitly say which ones. From Google’s blog post, we know for sure that this is implemented in San Fransisco and Tel Aviv, but you will have to check your own Maps app to see if this feature is live in your city. But what if you aren’t trying to go to a Pride event but instead need to navigate through the area? Don’t worry because Google Maps will have traffic information for the area including any road closures, and will provide you with detours so that you don’t accidentally end up in the parade route. Happy Pride! Justin Duino @jaduino I’m a writer for 9to5Google with a background in IT and Android development. Follow me on Twitter to read my ramblings about tech and email me at justin@jaduino.com. Tips are always welcome. Favorite Gear Jaybird Freedom Headphones Acessorz USB-C Dock Samsung Chromebook Pro Guides Google Maps View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Apple WWDC Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Apple WWDC The Tech Industry's Rich Cowards Are Still Advising Trump Bryan Menegus | Gawker MediaJun 9, 2017, 09.16 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit donald trumpImage Credit Continue reading Image: AP Once again, Silicon Valley's oligarchs have been summoned to Donald Trump's golden table, this time to assist the Jared Kushner-led American Technology Council in "modernizing" the government, a goal which is at once vague and arguably antithetical to every promise the president ran on. The guest list includes the top brass of Facebook, IBM, Google, Apple, Microsoft, and Amazon. The closest any of these companies have come to backing out is Facebook, which has merely not replied to its invitation yet, according to Bloomberg. Notably, all of these companies have at some point condemned Trump's actions or threatened not to collaborate with his administration. Perhaps they're due for a reminder. Last week, a litany of businesses came out against Trump's baffling withdrawal from the Paris Agreement, including Microsoft, IBM, Google, Facebook, and Apple. Back in April, a prosaic amicus brief opposing Trump's second attempt to ban people from several majority-Muslim countries from entering the US was endorsed by 162 tech companies . Microsoft, Google, Amazon, and Facebook signed that one too. And two months before that, the initial Muslim ban prompted its own amicus brief, which had backing from Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, and 92 other companies in the tech sector. Advertisement In fact, stretching back to July of last year, when the possibility of a Trump administration still felt utterly improbable, Silicon Valley's biggest companies had already co-authored an open letter calling the Republican candidate "a disaster for innovation [whose] vision stands against the open exchange of ideas." Facebook, Google, and Apple got in on that one early, and, like every bit of public posturing since, proceeded to do nothing about their supposed disgust and outrage. Notably, none of these consumer-facing letters or filings have contained any actionable commitments from these companies-just tepid disapproval of this country's most unpopular president of all time. But the nauseating repetition of hideous White House policy proposal followed by impotent posturing from the Valley is worse than useless, it's outright hypocritical. The contents of an FEC filing revealed Microsoft, Amazon, and Google chipped in over $800,000 toward Trump's electoral college victory party. And of course, Facebook's own role in swaying the election continues to be deliberated in the court of public opinion-and in the minds of the highly-qualified analysts the company has hired to draft its white papers. While the appearance of opposition benefits these companies, so does working alongside the present administration, and this new counsel represents a potential boon: According to Bloomberg, the concerns of the newly-minted counsel will include "tech sales to government agencies." Asked to explain his attendance at the very first tech summit held at Trump Tower in December, Apple CEO Tim Cook told employees last year, "personally, I've never found being on the sideline a successful place to be." Sponsored [ Bloomberg ] FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: Donald TrumpMicrosoftIBMGoogleFacebookAppleAmazona short list of people who should get bent Next StoryScientists Think They've Solved the Mystery of Our Atmosphere's Missing Xenon Follow Gizmodo onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to GizmodoWrite for Us More from this author NASA Astronaut Explains How to Drink Space Coffee: 'Suck the Balls' Uber's CEO Searches for Enlightenment in Company Lactation Room Related stories Donald Trump Casually Accuses Google of Suppressing Negative Clinton News Tim Cook Thinks Donald Trump Is 'Wrong' Elon Musk Quits Donald Trump Vladimir Putin Congratulates Donald Trump Via Telegram Is Donald Trump Becoming Pepe The Frog? Facebook, Amazon, Google, IBM And Microsoft On One AI Platform FROM THE WEB Invest in your dream home in India GODREJ PROPERTIES New way to profit from Commercial Real Estate in Bangalore Property Share In conversation with Sam Jain. State Farm Insurance Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer As Biopharma Booms, Temperature Packaging Needs to Keep Up UPS MORE FROM GIZMODO President Trump is still mad online Tech Mahindra leads as global engineering R&D services prov Baidu in self-driving car tech tie-ups with Bosch, Continen There's still hope for world's coral reefs Watergate Pales in Comparison to Trump's Assault on American President Trump Pretends Like He Meant to Tweet 'Covfefe' You May Like Top 15 Cleanest Beaches in Florida Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas 15 Most Beautiful Women In The World Ad: CrazyFreelancer 6 Earthly Ingredients That Set This Lip Balm Apart Ad: Eos How to Sidestep the Pitfalls of Student Life Ad: Arizona State University Clever Trick Will Cut Years Off Credit Card Payments Ad: The Simple Dollar Learn about a Unique Delivery of Migraine Medication Ad: AD BY AVANIR © 2016 Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc, All Rights Reserved. Avanir is a trademark or Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Apple WWDC Line up your pockets because we have the prices of the new Apple MacBooks and iPads ... HomePod may be late in the game, but it could reinvent music in your home ... Apple refreshed its entire range of iMacs and MacBooks at WWDC 2017 ... Apple introduced iOS 11: Here’s what’s new ... Read more Editor's Pick Apple has quarter of a trillion dollars in cash. Here are 5 things it can do with that mu ... A Google engineer recreated a DSLR photo using a Nexus 6P with absolute perfection ... Hello, Hello, this is Xiaomi’s best phone for 2017 and it’s a baller ... Hot Right Now These Female Crabs Store a Shitload of Sperm World's Most Awful Billionaire Properties! Ad: CrazyFreelancer If You Resurrect the Woolly Mammoth, Can You Still Call It a Woolly Mammoth? This Synthetic 'Tongue' Is an Insufferable Whiskey Snob Scientists Think They've Solved the Mystery of Our Atmosphere's Missing Xenon Taylor Swift Returns to Spotify Because She's Rich Enough Now Scientists Created Biodegradable Microbeads So Your Face Scrub Won't Pollute Our Oceans Appeals Court Says Chimps Are Not Legal Persons-Here's Why They're Wrong Alphabet Just Unloaded Its Crazy Robots on Japanese Telecom Softbank Couple Claims They Ordered Pizza on UberEats But Received... Oh My God What Is That?! Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » Gadgets Now Shop Xiaomi Mi Max Prime (Gold, 128GB) ₹ 19999BUY4GB RAM, 128GB ROM Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black) ₹ 7999BUY2GB RAM, 8MP Camera LYF Water 10 4G VoLTE- 16GB (Black) ₹ 6250BUY3GB RAM, 4G VoLTE Scientists Think They've Solved the Mystery of Our Atmosphere's Missing Xenon Why Did This Company Let Me Fly a $2 Million Aircraft? The Secret History of the Cat Who Authored a Physics Paper Alphabet Just Unloaded Its Crazy Robots on Japanese Telecom Softbank Taylor Swift Returns to Spotify Because She's Rich Enough Now Look at This Crazy Brain Cyst Uber's Self-Driving Unit Gets New Head of Hardware After Levandowski Firing Evidence of Pangea's Breakup Found in Our Evolutionary History This 3,000-Year-Old Copper Mask Is Rewriting South American History 1The Tech Industry's Rich Cowards Are Still Advising Trump 2Scientists Think They've Solved the Mystery of Our Atmosphere's Missing Xenon 3Why Did This Company Let Me Fly a $2 Million Aircraft? 4The Secret History of the Cat Who Authored a Physics Paper 5Alphabet Just Unloaded Its Crazy Robots on Japanese Telecom Softbank 6Taylor Swift Returns to Spotify Because She's Rich Enough Now 7Look at This Crazy Brain Cyst 8Uber's Self-Driving Unit Gets New Head of Hardware After Levandowski Firing 9Evidence of Pangea's Breakup Found in Our Evolutionary History 10This 3,000-Year-Old Copper Mask Is Rewriting South American History About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS More from our Partners Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Uber needs a grown-up CEO if it wants to go public - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Belmont/Stanley Cup - watch live Text Alerts Day With Dad Contest LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Belmont/Stanley Cup - watch live Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Belmont/Stanley Cup - watch live Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Day With Dad Contest Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Uber needs a grown-up CEO if it wants to go public Posted: Friday, June 9, 2017 11:54 AM EDT Updated: Friday, June 9, 2017 12:56 PM EDT Uber is the world's most valuable startup, currently worth nearly $70 billion. If it ever wants to be a publicly traded company, Kalanick will have to, at the very least, hire a deputy that Wall Street respects. By Paul R. La Monica NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Uber CEO Travis Kalanick is going to be 41-years-old in August. He's not some starry-eyed millennial with little real-world experience running a business. But if Uber ever wants to go public, Kalanick is going to need some adult supervision. The ride-sharing giant has had one controversy after another during his watch. The latest scandal? A reported 2013 memo where Kalanick shares the dos and don'ts of a company trip, including whether or not employees can have sex with one another. This comes just days after Uber terminated 20 workers following a sexual harassment probe. Uber is also in the midst of a legal dispute with Waymo, the Google/Alphabet-owned self-driving car company. Waymo claims that former employee Anthony Levandowski took documents with him when he left Google to start autonomous trucking company Otto -- which was subsequently bought by Uber. Levandowski was fired by Uber last month. Kalanick has also come under fire for how he's interacted with workers. He was caught on video arguing with a driver about falling fares. Kalanick himself admitted earlier this year that he needs to "grow up." "This is the first time I've been willing to admit that I need leadership help and I intend to get it," he added. But how far does Kalanick need to go? Uber is the world's most valuable startup, currently worth nearly $70 billion. If it ever wants to be a publicly traded company, Kalanick will have to, at the very least, hire a deputy that Wall Street respects. Some would argue Kalanick should just serve as chairman and that Uber should hire a CEO to handle the day-to-day operations. That may not happen. But there is precedent for hot, founder-led tech companies to hire a Silicon Valley veteran that will give investors more confidence about how the company is run. Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg tapped Sheryl Sandberg, formerly a top executive at Google, to be his COO in 2008. Facebook went public in 2012. The Zuckerberg-Sandberg partnership is still working well, even as few people doubt Zuckerberg's Wall Street acumen and question his maturity anymore. And Google (now Alphabet) tapped Eric Schmidt, a veteran of '90s tech giants Novell and Sun Microsystems, to be CEO in 2001. That was three years before Google's IPO. Schmidt replaced Google cofounder Larry Page, who was only 28 at the time. Note a pattern here though? Both of these tech giants, which are now among the most valuable companies in the world, hired top executives years before they went public. Uber may have to act sooner rather than later if it ever hopes to graduate from private unicorn to Wall Street darling. The clock is ticking. It doesn't help that the company is in the midst of a brain drain as well. In addition to Levandowski, president Jeff Jones stepped down in March. Product development head Ed Baker and mapping chief Brian McLendon have also left the company this year. So Kalanick needs to find his Sheryl Sandberg or Eric Schmidt -- and sooner rather than later. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Release notes for Play Services v11 have been posted with a new API for smooth SMS verification and several significant additions and deprecations Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 3:32pm PDTJun 8, 2017 13 Plus 1 on G+ 53 Share on Facebook 29 Share on Twitter Total Shares95 Development News Now that Google is through with its biggest developer conference of the year, it's time to deliver a few updates and fulfill some of the promises made during the event. Some of that is happening through an update to Play services. Google posted the release notes for the update and it includes a lot of additions, both big and small, and a few deprecations.   For the non-developers in the crowd, most of this stuff isn't going to matter all that much, but there is one new feature that might catch their interest. A new API will allow apps to perform SMS verifications without accessing the SMS history. It's probably not a big change for users, and developers will still have to implement some changes to their app and server code before it can be used, but it means there will be fewer apps with an excuse to poke around in your SMS messages. There are quite a few changes to the different APIs provided by Play services, and developers should definitely check out the full list here. Here are a few particularly interesting things worth highlighting: SmsRetriever API is the SMS verification API mentioned above. It allows apps to listen for incoming SMS messages intended for them without asking users for permission to read all of their messages. This means phone number verifications can be entirely seamless with no authorization dialogs or manual steps to copy a code from a text message. It works by giving a unique hash to apps so they can pass it back to the developer's server. That hash should then be sent via SMS to the user's phone and parsed by Play services. Once a message with the hash is identified, it will be passed directly to the primary app. The RemoteMediaPlayer class has been deprecated from the Cast API. If you're using the Cast SDK v2, there is a guide available for migrating to Cast SDK v3. As we were told during I/O, all developers are now free to build Instant Apps. Details can be found here. Significant additions to Nearby and SafetyNet APIs, as well as some handy new classes for working with the Fused Location Provider and Awareness capabilities. If you haven't already done it, go to the SDK Manager in Android Studio or the one included with the Android SDK and update the Google repository to get started with the latest APIs. Source: Google API Release Notes Tags api development google play services play services sdk subscribe ... Previous Story Gear S3 Classic LTE now available from Verizon ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Suicide_Note Yayyy! http://i1063.photobucket.com/albums/t506/bamalamsam/Victorious%20Gifs/yayyyy.gif Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ The strip turned pink? Josh Hoffman I miss the Magnus Hyttsten play services update videos. Last one was for 8.4 Cody Toombs I actually ran into him in the wild at I/O a few weeks ago and told him how much he was missed. He's on a different team now, so we're probably not going to see him around. David Onter > "Significant additions to SafetyNet APIs" I don't trust this part right here Bewear SafetyNet is getting more evil. Trooper311 More like Skynet. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,...... Daniel Tbh, it's all those rooting apps we're hearing about that made them want to put in all theses APIs. Hackers make the problems, tinkers suffer. That's life I guess. Artem Russakovskii There's one for reCaptcha, for example https://security.googleblog.com/2017/06/making-internet-safer-and-faster.html. Looks helpful. Ryan Hoffmann Wrong link to the API release notes. It should be this one: https://developers.google.com/android/guides/releases but you guys have it linked to your post about Instant Apps instead. Cody Toombs woops, copy/paste error. Fixed it, thanks. Makay Chapulets I run v11 already... On BETA Willie Chalmers III Yep; knew it: http://disq.us/p/1ipjdav Allo probably did use a version of this, after all. I saw a discussion in the FirebaseUI Android GitHub repo that this would be a part of a (then) unreleased version of Google Play Services, and it's good to finally see SMS Retriever API going public. blindexecutioner Fuck your adblock popup, dicks. Hayden7200 Why, because you think these guys should spend all their time writing articles for you to read and not receive a paycheck? It's free to you, so stop acting so entitled. tim242 That doesn't give sites the right to abuse. Kristian Ivanov Abuse what exactly? Randroid When it's a "would you like some site with your ads?" situation, there's no excuse for blocking adblock. Which is basically the case here at AP. Stephen Sharp You would think someone who has an adblocker installed would know how to block one more popup.....just saying... Jsilvermist Whenever I get an anti-adblock popup, I either just block it or disable JavaScript for that site, if both of those things fail, bye bye site. Edit: Also, I run anti-anti-adblock scripts :P Romario Maxwell I saw a trick shared on Quora where you use live editing in the Chrome DevTools to remove the HTML element that is the popup. Randroid Or you can use TamperMonkey for things like that: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo?hl=en Rickinbsb Using Brave is also a good option jcopernicus Messaging is like a rash at Google. Now they're spreading into Play Services. Brian G. "Added the ability to enable immersive mode on full-screen ads by adding the setImmersiveMode() method to the PublisherInterstitialAd and RewardedVideoAd classes." WTH Google! Seems to be an internal Google struggle between "bad" ads and full-screen immersive ads. Rickinbsb people will just start to add fake nav buttons to trick us into clicking the ad Randroid "...through and update to Play services" *an update. Not and update. Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 109 queries | 0.508s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Just In 3mins Militant killed as Army foils infiltration bid in Jammu and Kashmir’s Gurez sector 4mins The week in cinema: cast of Rajini's 'Kaala'; an update on the next 'Avengers' film and more 27mins Pakistani lawmaker seeks probe into Musharraf-era nuke proliferation 36mins Champions Trophy 2017: It’s do-or-die for India and South Africa 38mins Shivraj Singh Chauhan begins fast to restore peace 45mins Ram Charan’s next titled ‘Rangasthalam 1985’ 46mins Suriya to produce Karthi’s next film 1hr U.S. forces join Philippine troops to end city siege 1hr Kohli ready for India’s crunch clash against South Africa 1hr Cabinet meeting provides first post-election test for embattled Theresa May 1hr Mortaza optimistic after ‘phenomenal’ win over New Zealand 1hr Argentine town braces for Messi's wedding 2hrs Rashid Khan spins Afghanistan to victory over West Indies in ODI series opener 2hrs One killed as helicopter crashes in Badrinath 3hrs Srinivas Kuchibhotla murder: Kansas man charged with hate crime Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD New Google project digitises world’s top fashion archives Share On JUST IN 3mins Militant killed as Army foils infiltration bid in Jammu and Kashmir’s Gurez sector 4mins The week in cinema: cast of Rajini's 'Kaala'; an update on the next 'Avengers' film and more 27mins Pakistani lawmaker seeks probe into Musharraf-era nuke proliferation 36mins Champions Trophy 2017: It’s do-or-die for India and South Africa 38mins Shivraj Singh Chauhan begins fast to restore peace 45mins Ram Charan’s next titled ‘Rangasthalam 1985’ 46mins Suriya to produce Karthi’s next film 1hr U.S. forces join Philippine troops to end city siege 1hr Kohli ready for India’s crunch clash against South Africa 1hr Cabinet meeting provides first post-election test for embattled Theresa May 1hr Mortaza optimistic after ‘phenomenal’ win over New Zealand 1hr Argentine town braces for Messi's wedding 2hrs Rashid Khan spins Afghanistan to victory over West Indies in ODI series opener 2hrs One killed as helicopter crashes in Badrinath 3hrs Srinivas Kuchibhotla murder: Kansas man charged with hate crime CLOSE Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet Chennai Silks fire: The story till now Sci-Tech Technology Technology New Google project digitises world’s top fashion archives Associated Press New York, June 09, 2017 21:34 IST Updated: June 09, 2017 21:39 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Heady mix: Screen image of a section of Google’s “We Wear Culture” project.   Associated Press New York, June 09, 2017 21:34 IST Updated: June 09, 2017 21:39 IST more-in Anyone who has waited on a long, snaking line to get into a fashion exhibition at a top museum knows just how popular they’ve become and more broadly, how fashion is increasingly seen as a form of artistic and cultural expression. Google Inc. is acknowledging this reality by expanding its Google Art Project — launched in 2011 to virtually link users with art collections around the world — to include fashion. Up close The new initiative, “We Wear Culture”, uses Google’s technology to connect fashion lovers to collections and exhibits at museums and other institutions, giving them the ability to not only view a garment, but to zoom in on the hem of a dress, examine a sleeve or a bit of embroidery on a gown up close, wander around an atelier, or sit down with Metropolitan Museum of Art costume restorers. The project partners with more 180 cultural institutions, including the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s Costume Institute in New York, the Victoria & Albert Museum in London, Japan’s Kyoto Costume Institute, and the Musee des Arts Decoratifs in Paris. The site also offers specially curated exhibits. You can click your way to, for example, a curated photo exhibit on Tokyo Street Style, or an exploration of women’s gowns in the 18th century. You can search by designer, or by their muse examining, say, Marilyn Monroe’s love of Ferragamo stiletto heels, via the Museo Salvatore Ferragamo in Florence, Italy. At a preview demonstration this week, Amit Sood, director of the Google Cultural Institute,explained that he wasn’t initially clued into the possibilities for fashion, because at the tech giant, “we all wear hoodies.” But, he said, collaborating with an institution like the Met showed him that “art and fashion have a long history together.” The idea behind the new project, he said, is to tell the story or rather, the multiple stories behind fashion. Inside story There are several virtual reality films included in the project. A 360-degree video displays the Met’s conservation studio, with conservators explaining how they keep delicate clothing strong enough for display. One of the conservators explained that the team uses needles designed for eye surgeons. It is the ultimate fragility of clothes, though, that makes the project appealing to museum curators, explained Andrew Bolton, the Costume Institute’s head curator. Many garments are too delicate to be permanently displayed but digitising a collection makes it viewable forever. Post a Comment More In Sci-Tech Technology Related Articles << Previous Story Indian-American among 12 new astronauts chosen by NASA Next Story >> A world of their own Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Jun 10, 2017 12:37:45 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/sci-tech/technology/new-google-project-digitises-worlds-top-fashion-archives/article18951101.ece © The Hindu Up next: flying cars and neural nets As the tools that aid us grow ever more powerful, here’s a look at the latest in mankind’s journey to a potential technological synthesis Sooraj Rajmohan Top Picks in The Hindu today Argentine town braces for Messi's wedding The week in cinema: cast of 'Kaala'; update on next 'Avengers' film Who do the board exam results really affect? Numismatists in a fix after note ban Raabta: this convoluted tale fails to sparkle I watched ‘Dangal’ and liked it: Chinese President Xi tells Modi ICC Women’s World Cup 2017: squads and fixtures The Mummy: A disappointing reboot 'Jab Harry Met Sejal': Imtiaz Ali’s next with Shah Rukh and Anushka ‘Behen Hogi Teri’ review: Love in the neighbourhood Close X Next Story >> A world of their own CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Young World Club Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars APPS Google Maps displays Pride parade routes for 35 cities around the world Paul Sawers@psawers June 9, 2017 8:39 AM Above: Pride March (Tel Aviv) on Google Maps As nations around the world mark the annual LGBT Pride month this June, Google has added dozens of parade routes to Google Maps on Android and iOS to help revellers find where the party’s at in their neck of the woods. Available in 35 cities globally, from San Francisco to Tel Aviv, a little rainbow (what else?) colored marker denotes where you should be walking as part of the celebrations. Above: Pride in San Francisco You can then tap on the route to open more details on the event, including when it’s expected to take place, a website address, and what the traffic is expected to be like. Related Pride events are also shown on the map. This isn’t the first time Google has chosen to mark Pride month. A few years back, the internet giant hid an Easter egg in Google Docs that automatically transformed a spreadsheet into rainbow colors when the user spelled the word “pride” with a letter in each cell. Facebook, too, has gotten in on the Pride celebrations this year. Earlier this week, it revealed that users would be able to add a Pride-themed profile frame to their photos, while also displaying animations on their News Feed if they respond to Facebook’s Happy Pride message. VB Recommendations LucidSound’s LS20 headset brings amplified audio to Switch, mobile, and more Why Universal Basic Income and tax breaks won’t save us from the jobless future Your most effective employee could be a chatbot Upcoming VentureBeat Events MB 2017 July 11 – 12 BLUEPRINT Sept 11 - 13 GamesBeat 2017 October 5 - 6
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Google release Android O Developer Preview 3 with final APIs 06/08/2017 at 2:18 PM by Brad Linder 1 Comment Google Android O is coming soon, and developers now have access to the final versions of the APIs needed to developer for the latest version of Google’s operating system. Android O Developer Preview 3 is rolling out to members of the Android Beta Program starting today. Update: Oh, and it looks like we have a version number: Android O will most likely be called Android 8.0 when it launches. For the most part it doesn’t look like there are any new features since Developer Preview 2 launched a few weeks ago. But the API levels have been updated, some bugs have been squashed, and a few other changes may have found their way into the pre-release software. While early adopters can take Android O DP3 for a spin by signing up for the Android Beta Program (or by downloading and flashing an OTA image), this release is really aimed at developers. The idea is to make sure their apps are compatible with the upcoming version of Android and to give them the tools to take advantage of new features, including: Notification dots, which let users see a badge on app icons when there are notifications Picture-in-picture support, allowing video, chat, or other apps to stay on top in a small window while you’re multi-tasking Adaptive icons, which change their design to match the UI of various devices Multi-display support Android O also has a new autofill framework that makes it easier to fill in forms with usernames, passwords, credit card info, or other details, support for downloadable fonts, and background execution limits, which should help improve battery life. The Android O Developer Preview 3 is available for Pixel and Pixel XL phones, the Google Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P smartphones, Pixel C tablet, and Nexus Player Android TV box. Note that downgrading from an Android O beta to the latest stable version of Android Nougat will wipe your data, so proceed with caution. Google is expected to start rolling out the first stable build of Android O this summer.       Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 1 Comment on "Google release Android O Developer Preview 3 with final APIs" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Guest savagemichael Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Very curious to see how long it will take ‘O’ to hit the Chromebooks after it rolls out. I rather expect the Chromebook ecosystem to end up being the best place for quick Android updates once it matures a little. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 1 day 7 hours ago Latest News Zotac’s latest fanless mini PCs now available for $160 and up (barebones) Zotac is updating its line of fanless mini desktops with new models sporting … [Read More...] Now you can run Linux on Windows 10 without developer mode One of the more surprising (and geeky) features Microsoft introduced with the … [Read More...] Asus Chromebook Flip C213 coming soon for $350 Asus has two new convertible Chromebooks on the way. The Asus Chromebook Flip … [Read More...] Deals Deals of the Day (6-09-2017) Need to upgrade your home network? Today's a good day to do it. Amazon is … [Read More...] Featured articles Differences between Windows 10 S, Home, Pro, Enterprise, and Education This week Microsoft introduced a new version of Windows 10 which is designed for … [Read More...] This might be the best MP3 player you can get for $1.50 Need a cheap MP3 player? It doesn't get much cheaper than the Simplicity Fashion … [Read More...] What’s new in Android O? Google has released the first developer preview for Android O, the next major … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Sponsor Content 3 ways AI is making your life easier Sponsor Content by GumGum Jun. 9, 2017, 11:00 AM facebook linkedin twitter email print Getty Images Unless you work in computer science, chances are artificial intelligence (AI) still seems like a vaguely sci-fi-ish phenomenon. But the reality is that AI is already working its way into our daily lives through the apps and business services we use. Think of your smartphone as tomorrow’s AI platform today, and the services you use (from banking and transportation to marketing and medical care) as extensions of AI “brains” in the cloud that will get smarter and more intuitive every day.  What’s making this all possible? More than $12 billion of global investment in cognitive and AI systems in 2017 alone — a year-over-year increase of 59% — according to a recent IDC report. Here are three examples of AI-enabled great leaps forward from the present and very near future: 1. Creating amazing artists  Want to quickly sketch something but you kind of suck at drawing? AI to the rescue. Google’s new AutoDraw, a product of its AI Experiments lab, combines your rudimentary artistic skills with computer vision to try to figure out what you’re trying to sketch — with your mouse on a desktop screen, or with your finger on a tablet or smartphone — and instantly upgrades your doodling to a perfect little line drawing. “We hope AutoDraw will help make drawing and creating a little more accessible and fun for everyone,” the Google team behind it says. See “Great Moments in Computer Vision” for background on how AI is helping algorithms to make sense of the visual world around us. 2. Improving a doc's diagnosis “I think that if you work as a radiologist you are like Wile E. Coyote in the cartoon,” legendary AI researcher Geoffrey Hinton recently told The New Yorker’s Siddhartha Mukherjee. “You’re already over the edge of the cliff, but you haven’t yet looked down. There’s no ground underneath.” As Mukherjee reports, deep-learning systems have already been developed to help diagnose breast and heart diseases. “It’s just completely obvious,” Hinton added, “that in five years deep learning is going to do better than radiologists.” 3. Looking beyond credit scores “The terms of the next loan you get might depend less on your credit score and more on what a computer program thinks of your habits,” according to a recent NPR story. "In 10 years,” says Dave Girouard, the CEO of online lender Upstart, “there will hardly be a credit decision made that does not have some flavor of machine learning behind it." And NPR reports that digital lenders are already pulling in all kinds of data for AI analysis, including “information like daily location patterns and the punctuation of text messages.” What do all these stories have in common, besides the obvious AI subtext? All of them were surfaced by The Visionary, an awesome new content site and newsletter that mixes weekly curated computer vision news, exclusive content, and original feature-length articles on how AI intersects with your daily life, business, and marketing. Think of The Visionary as the go-to resource for must-know AI info for the rest of us.  Sign up at The Visionary’s homepage.  This post is sponsored by GumGum. | Content written and provided by GumGum. Find out more about Sponsor Content. More: Sponsor Post Studios Consumer Studios Tech AI SP GumGum facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 3 ways AI is making your life easier 3 ways AI is making your life easier Unless you work in computer science, chances... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured JIM ROGERS: The worst crash in our lifetime is coming More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Uber needs a grown-up CEO if it wants to go public Uber needs a grown-up CEO if it wants to go public Posted on Friday, June 9, 2017 by CNN in Business News Uber CEO Travis Kalanick is going to be 41-years-old in August. He’s not some starry-eyed millennial with little real-world experience running a business. But if Uber ever wants to go public, Kalanick is going to need some adult supervision. The ride-sharing giant has had one controversy after another during his watch. The latest scandal? A reported 2013 memo where Kalanick shares the dos and don’ts of a company trip, including whether or not employees can have sex with one another. This comes just days after Uber terminated 20 workers following a sexual harassment probe. Uber is also in the midst of a legal dispute with Waymo, the Google/Alphabet-owned self-driving car company. Waymo claims that former employee Anthony Levandowski took documents with him when he left Google to start autonomous trucking company Otto — which was subsequently bought by Uber. Levandowski was fired by Uber last month. Kalanick has also come under fire for how he’s interacted with workers. He was caught on video arguing with a driver about falling fares. Kalanick himself admitted earlier this year that he needs to “grow up.” “This is the first time I’ve been willing to admit that I need leadership help and I intend to get it,” he added. But how far does Kalanick need to go? Uber is the world’s most valuable startup, currently worth nearly $70 billion. If it ever wants to be a publicly traded company, Kalanick will have to, at the very least, hire a deputy that Wall Street respects. Some would argue Kalanick should just serve as chairman and that Uber should hire a CEO to handle the day-to-day operations. That may not happen. But there is precedent for hot, founder-led tech companies to hire a Silicon Valley veteran that will give investors more confidence about how the company is run. Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg tapped Sheryl Sandberg, formerly a top executive at Google, to be his COO in 2008. Facebook went public in 2012. The Zuckerberg-Sandberg partnership is still working well, even as few people doubt Zuckerberg’s Wall Street acumen and question his maturity anymore. And Google (now Alphabet) tapped Eric Schmidt, a veteran of ’90s tech giants Novell and Sun Microsystems, to be CEO in 2001. That was three years before Google’s IPO. Schmidt replaced Google cofounder Larry Page, who was only 28 at the time. Note a pattern here though? Both of these tech giants, which are now among the most valuable companies in the world, hired top executives years before they went public. Uber may have to act sooner rather than later if it ever hopes to graduate from private unicorn to Wall Street darling. The clock is ticking. It doesn’t help that the company is in the midst of a brain drain as well. In addition to Levandowski, president Jeff Jones stepped down in March. Product development head Ed Baker and mapping chief Brian McLendon have also left the company this year. So Kalanick needs to find his Sheryl Sandberg or Eric Schmidt — and sooner rather than later. Nintendo and Microsoft will take on Sony during gaming's biggest week U.K. election: The end of austerity? Related Posts White House PR strategy in chaos: Conway interview offered to Fox, then canceled For-profit colleges: 6 things to ask before enrolling Johnson & Johnson halts ads on ‘The View’ due to nurse comments TNT’s ‘Animal Kingdom’ shoots for prestige drama status Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Pepe Is Banned From the Apple App Store Apple says Pepe is 'objectionable content.' Feels bad, man. The rarest pepe is one found on the iOS App Store, and now we know why: Apple has categorized the meme frog as "objectionable content" and has rejected an app called Pepe Scream, Motherboard confirmed. "Your app contains images and references of Pepe the Frog, which are considered objectionable content," an Apple App Review Board employee named Nicole wrote in a rejection notice to Spirit Realm Games, the developer of Pepe Scream. "It would be appropriate to remove the references and revise the images in your app." Feels bad, man. A screenshot taken by Motherboard of Apple's communications regarding Pepe Scream. Redditor MrSnrhms posted a screenshot of the exchange on r/The_Donald, and Motherboard has verified the screenshots are authentic. MrSnrhms, a developer for Spirit Realm Games, gave Motherboard temporary access to the team's iOS developer account, which showed that Apple did indeed reject the app because it contains Pepe, a cartoon frog that has been increasingly associated with the alt-right. This isn't the first time Pepe has been rejected by Apple—in October, Build the Wall: The Game was rejected on similar grounds. Motherboard also downloaded a test version of the game, which is similar to Flappy Bird. Users control Pepe by screaming into their phone, which makes the green frog float. Pepe Scream was approved by the Google Play Store and is currently available on Android. Google did not return a request for comment. "Why did we make a game about Pepe? We saw some memes featuring Pepe screaming 'REEEEE' and something just 'clicked,'" a developer for Spirit Realm Games told us in an email. "We thought it was a silly and funny idea to just show off to our friends, nothing more, so we built it just for fun." A screenshot of Pepe Scream taken by Motherboard. Pepe Scream was rejected for violating section 1.1 of Apple's App Store Review Guidelines, which stipulates that apps cannot "include content that is offensive, insensitive, upsetting, intended to disgust, or in exceptionally poor taste." Spirit Realm Games appealed the decision, and Apple sent a follow up message identifying Pepe as the problem. Though Spirit Realm Games says it "had only put innocuous versions of Pepe into the app: e.g. 'VR goggles Pepe' or 'Sunglasses Pepe' or 'Golden Pepe,'" it's still something of a dog whistle for places like r/The_Donald. The description, for instance, contains the following poem: On r/The_Donald, MrSnrhms said that the game "combin[es] shitposting with autistic screeching" and that "Apple is full of cucks." In the game itself, you collect "tendies," a 4chan meme that has been widely adopted on r/The_Donald. We've reached out twice to Apple representatives for comment, but didn't hear back before publication. Apple has repeatedly declined to comment on the secretive App Store review process in the past. It is well within Apple's right to reject whatever apps it wants to, but it does appear that the company more or less has adopted a blanket "no Pepe" policy. There are no apps in the App Store with Pepe in the title, and it does not appear in many meme apps and iMessage sticker packs (there are no Pepes in "MemeStickers," for instance). Meanwhile, the Google Play Store has Pepe Snap, Rare Pepe Clicker, Flappy Pepe, and Pepe Button, among several other Pepe apps. Pepes are indeed rare on iOS and can only be found hidden deep within other apps—there are two Pepes on the iMessage "That Feel" sticker pack, and a camera app called Instameme has Pepes as part of an add-on content bundle. We reached out to developers of Android Pepe apps to see if they had attempted to get their apps onto the iOS App Store. Three developers responded, but none of them had tried. "Apple has a higher barrier of entry to their store with their higher publishing fees and more strenuous review process," Jonathan Robins, the developer of Pepe Snap told us. "And because of that they see typically higher quality apps. Google costs less and will sometimes publish your app almost instantaneously as if they didn't even review it. I mean they do review apps but certainly not to the same standard Apple does." "It is quite unhealthy for the developer ecosystem to not more specifically outline what is allowed and not allowed." Robins said he developed his app well before Pepe began to be associated with the alt-right and has professionally distanced himself from it. "It's a bit disappointing to see the image and notoriety it carries now, but that's the point of memes," he said. "They're constantly changing meaning and transforming into something else. I have had to scrub the project from my resume, but I'm still not embarrassed of it or the over 150,000+ downloads it's garnered. I even still have plans to update it again soon with more features." It's possible that Apple chose to reject Pepe Scream and other apps featuring the frog on the grounds that it could be considered a hate symbol. The Anti-Defamation League (ADL), a nonprofit committed to combating bigotry, considers Pepe to be a symbol of hate, but only in specific contexts. Gameplay in Pepe Scream from a developer's version of the game. "The majority of uses of Pepe the Frog have been, and continue to be non-bigoted," the ADL's entry on Pepe in its Hate Symbols Database reads. "It is important to examine use of the meme only in context." Because the App Store approval process is so opaque, developers often end up blindsided by rejections. "I think it is quite unhealthy for the developer ecosystem to not more specifically outline what is allowed and not allowed," the Spirit Realm Games developer said. "We certainly didn't know Pepe the Frog wasn't allowed." No app is a better example of Apple's murky App Store approval process than Metadata+, a news app which tracks reports of US drone strikes. Apple rejected Metadata+ over a dozen times, finally approved it briefly, then deleted it again, all without explaining its reasoning to the app's developer, Josh Begley. There's no discernible rhyme or reason to why some apps get denied and others approved. Plenty of absurd selections, like Adult Naughty Sounds and Burp and Fart Piano didn't pose problems, for example. Each of the App Store's over two millions apps had to go through a complicated application process to get approved. Countless others have been rejected, for a myriad of different reasons. As for Pepe Scream, it has a future on the App Store, but Pepe must go. "Since we've already paid for the dev license, we plan on changing the character from Pepe to something less 'objectionable' by Apple's standards," Spirit Realm Games said. Update: This post has been updated to note that games have been rejected for using Pepe in the past.
Subscribe @phpdeveloper.org News Archive Stephan Hochdöfer: Dockerizing GitLab Review Apps Cal Evans: My Journey Into Mautic Community News: Recent posts from PHP Quickfix (06.07.2017) Community News: Latest PECL Releases (06.06.2017) PHP Roundtable: A php[tek] 2017 Special Marco Pivetta: Eliminating Visual Debt SitePoint PHP Blog: Getting Started with Sulu CMS on Vagrant The Right Way TutsPlus.com: How to Install Yii on Windows or a Mac Laravel News: Developing a CI Process for Laravel with Codeship and Forge php[architect]: June 2016 Issue Released - Secure By Design Looking for more information on how to do PHP the right way? Check out PHP: The Right Way Laravel News: Invisible reCAPTCHA Integration With Laravel by Chris Cornutt Jun 09, 2017 @ 09:46:15 On the Laravel News site, there's a new post showing you how to use Google's invisible reCAPTCHA in a Laravel application with the help of the "albertcht/invisible-recaptcha" package. Invisible reCAPTCHA is an improved version of reCAPTCHA v2 (No CAPTCHA) developed by Google, and users now only need to click the button: “I’m not a robot” to prove they are human. In Invisible reCAPTCHA, there is no longer an embedded CAPTCHA box for users to interact with. It’s totally invisible with only a badge showing on the bottom of the page so users your website know you are using this technology. (The badge can be hidden, but this is not recommended.) They start with an example of what the output looks like attached to a form and how to install and configure the package. This requires API credentials from the Google side: a sitekey and secretkey. The post finishes with the code you'll need in your forms and as a validator to check the reCAPTCHA code in the response. tagged: laravel turorial invisible recaptcha integration package Link: https://laravel-news.com/invisible-recaptcha-integration-with-laravel Trending Topics: tutorial laravel package podcast introduction series application framework example configuration All content copyright, PHPDeveloper.org :: info@phpdeveloper.org
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site » Trending: Learn Java Java 101 Java App Dev Java Toolbox Open Source Java Programming Careers Java Q&A Resources/White Papers Search javaworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Why you should use microservices What's the Go language really good for? Review: The 10 best JavaScript editors Review: The 6 best JavaScript IDEs More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Core Java All Core Java Agile Development Java Concurrency Java Language Java Platform Java Security Programming Careers Testing and Debugging Enterprise Java All Enterprise Java Big Data Cloud Computing Data Analytics Development Tools Java APIs Java App Dev Java Web Development Open Source Scripting and JVM Languages Learn Java All Learn Java Design Patterns Mobile Java All Mobile Java Java Android Developers Java iOS Developers News Features How-Tos Blogs Resources/White Papers Newsletters × Close Home Enterprise Java Data Analytics News Analysis Easier, faster: The next steps for deep learning Rapidly advancing software frameworks, dedicated silicon, Spark integrations, and higher level APIs aim to put deep learning within reach Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Serdar Yegulalp Senior Writer, InfoWorld | Jun 7, 2017 3:00 AM PT Credit: Activedia via pixabay More like this Data in, intelligence out: Machine learning pipelines demystified Machine learning proves its worth to business 11 technologies developers should explore now If there is one subset of machine learning that spurs the most excitement, that seems most like the intelligence in artificial intelligence, it’s deep learning. Deep learning frameworks—aka deep neural networks—power complex pattern-recognition systems that provide everything from automated language translation to image identification. Deep learning holds enormous promise for analyzing unstructured data. There are just three problems: It’s hard to do, it requires large amounts of data, and it uses lots of processing power. Naturally, great minds are at work to overcome these challenges.   What’s now brewing in this space isn’t just a clash of supremacy between competing deep learning frameworks, such as Google’s TensorFlow versus projects like Baidu’s Paddle. Rivalry between multiple software frameworks is a given in most any part of IT. The newest part of the story is about hardware versus software. Will the next big advances in deep learning come by way of dedicated hardware designed for training models and serving predictions? Or will better, smarter, and more efficient algorithms put that power into many more hands without the need for a hardware assist? Finally, will deep learning become accessible to the rest of us, or will we always need computer science PhDs to put this technology to work? Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit: More tension with TensorFlow Any time a major technology comes along to show the world a better way, you can count on the biggest names in tech to try to seize a slice of the pie. It happened with NoSQL, with Hadoop, and with Spark, and now it’s happening with deep learning frameworks. Google’s TensorFlow has been promoted as a powerful, general solution, but also as a way to tie deep learning apps to Google’s cloud and to Google’s proprietary hardware acceleration. Leave it to Microsoft to assume the role of rival. Its push back against Google on the deep learning front comes in the form of the Cognitive Toolkit, or CNTK for short. The 2.0 revision of CNTK challenges TensorFlow on multiple fronts. CNTK now provides a Java API, allowing more direct integration with the likes of the Spark processing framework, and supports code written for the popular neural network library Keras, which is essentially a front end for TensorFlow. Thus Keras users may transition gracefully away from Google’s solution and towards Microsoft’s. But Microsoft’s most direct and meaningful challenge to TensorFlow was making CNTK faster and more accurate, and providing Python APIs that expose both low-level and high-level functionality. Microsoft even went so far as to draw up a list of reasons to switch from TensorFlow to CNTK, with those benefits at the top. Speed and accuracy aren’t just bragging points. If Microsoft’s system is faster than TensorFlow by default, it means people have more options than just to throw more hardware at the problem—e.g., hardware acceleration of TensorFlow, via Google’s custom (and proprietary) TPU processors. It also means third-party projects that interface with both TensorFlow and CNTK, such as Spark, will gain a boost. TensorFlow and Spark already work together, courtesy of Yahoo, but if CNTK and Spark offer more payoff for less work, CNTK becomes an appealing option in all of those places that Spark has already conquered. Graphcore and Wave Computing: The hardware’s the thing One of the downsides to Google’s TPUs is that they’re only available in the Google cloud. For those already invested in GCP, that might not be an issue—but for everyone else, and there’s a lot of “everyone else,” it’s a potential blocker. Dedicated silicon for deep learning, such as general purpose GPUs from Nvidia, are available with fewer strings attached. Several companies have recently unveiled specialized silicon that outperforms GPUs for deep learning applications. Startup Graphcore has a deep learning processor, a specialized piece of silicon designed to process the graph data used in neural networks. The challenge, according to the company, is to create hardware optimized to run networks that recur or feed into each other and into other networks. One of the ways Graphcore has sped things up is by keeping the model for the network as close to the silicon as possible, and avoiding round trips to external memory. Avoiding data movement whenever possible is a common approach to speeding up machine learning, but Graphcore is taking that approach to another level. Wave Computing is another startup offering special-purpose hardware for deep learning. Like Graphcore, the company believes GPUs can be pushed only so far for such applications before their inherent limitations reveal themselves. Wave Computing’s plan is to build “dataflow appliances,” rackmount systems using custom silicon that can deliver 2.9 petaops of compute (note that’s “petaops” for fixed-point operations, not “petaflops” for floating-point operations). Such speeds are orders of magnitude beyond the 92 teraops provided by Google’s TPU. Claims like that will need independent benchmarks to bear them out, and it isn’t yet clear if the price-per-petaop will be competitive with other solutions. But Wave is ensuring that price aside, prospective users will be well supported. TensorFlow support is to be the first framework supported by the product, with CNTK, Amazon’s MXNet and others to follow thereafter. Brodmann17: Less model, more speed Whereas Graphcore and Wave Computing are out to one-up TPUs with better hardware, other third parties are out to demonstrate how better frameworks and better algorithms can deliver more powerful machine learning. Some are addressing environments that lack ready access to gobs of processing power, such as smartphones. Google has made some noises about optimizing TensorFlow to work well on mobile devices. A startup named Brodmann17 is also looking at ways to deliver deep learning applications on smartphone-grade hardware using “5% of the resources (compute, memory, and training data)” of other solutions. The company’s approach, according to CEO and co-founder Adi Pinhas, is to take existing, standard neural network modules, and use them to create a much smaller model. Pinhas said the smaller models amount to “less than 10% of the data for the training, compared to other popular deep learning architectures,” but with around the same amount of time needed for the training. The end result is a slight trade-off of accuracy for speed—faster prediction time, but also lower power consumption and less memory needed. Don’t expect to see any of this delivered as an open source offering, at least not at first. Brodmann17’s business model is to provide an API for cloud solutions and an SDK for local computing. That said, Pinhas did say “We hope to widen our offering in the future,” so commercial-only offerings may well just be the initial step. Sparking a new fire Earlier this year, InfoWorld contributor James Kobielus predicted the rise of native support for Spark among deep learning frameworks. Yahoo has already brought TensorFlow to Spark, as described above, but Spark’s main commercial provider, Databricks, is now offering its own open source package to integrate deep learning frameworks with Spark. Deep Learning Pipelines, as the project is called, approaches the integration of deep learning and Spark from the perspective of Spark’s own ML Pipelines. Spark workflows can call into libraries like TensorFlow and Keras (and, presumably, CNTK as well now). Models for those frameworks can be trained at scale in the same way Spark does other things at scale, and by way of Spark’s own metaphors for handling both data and deep learning models. Many data wranglers are already familiar with Spark and working with it. To put deep learning in their hands, Databricks is allowing them to start where they already are, rather than having to figure out TensorFlow on its own. Deep learning for all? A common thread through many of these announcements and initiatives is how they are meant to, as Databricks put it in its own press release, “democratize artificial intelligence and data science.” Microsoft’s own line about CNTK 2.0 is that it is “part of Microsoft’s broader initiative to make AI technology accessible to everyone, everywhere.” The inherent complexity of deep learning isn’t the only hurdle to be overcome. The entire workflow for deep learning remains an ad-hoc creation. There is a vacuum to be filled, and the commercial outfits behind all of the platforms, frameworks, and clouds are vying to fill it with something that resembles an end-to-end solution.  The next vital step won’t just be about finding the one true deep learning framework. From the look of it, there is room for plenty of them. It will be about finding a single consistent workflow that many deep learning frameworks can be a part of—wherever they may run, and whoever may be behind them. This story, "Easier, faster: The next steps for deep learning" was originally published by InfoWorld. Related: Data Analytics Java App Dev Enterprise Java Microsoft Google Serdar Yegulalp is a senior writer at InfoWorld, focused on the InfoWorld Tech Watch news analysis blog and periodic reviews. Follow Recommended Eclipse, NetBeans, or IntelliJ? Choose your Java IDE OSGi at the UK's biggest science lab Android Studio for beginners: Code the app Jenkins with Docker, Part 1 eBook Sponsored Checklist for Choosing a Software Solutions Developer Popular on JavaWorld Eclipse, NetBeans, or IntelliJ? Choose your Java IDE Find out what to look for in a Java IDE and get tips for deciding which of the top three--Eclipse,... Android Studio for beginners: Code the app Open source Java projects: Docker Swarm Newsletters Stay up to date on the latest tutorials and Java community news posted on JavaWorld Get our Enterprise Java newsletter GO Lightning fast NoSQL with Spring Data Redis Redis isn't your typical NoSQL data store, and that's exactly why it hits the sweet spot for certain... InfoWorld's 2017 Technology of the Year Award winners InfoWorld editors and reviewers pick the year's best hardware, software, development tools, and cloud... Popular Resources eBook Sponsored Checklist for Choosing a Software Solutions Developer Go Featured Stories Getting started with microservices Large enterprises are using microservices to continuously modify, scale, and update apps for changing... Easier, faster: The next steps for deep learning Rapidly advancing software frameworks, dedicated silicon, Spark integrations, and higher level APIs aim... Kotlin’s a rising star in language popularity index Other languages on the move include R, Hack, and Rust, while Python cements its position as the king of... Primer: Make sense of cognitive computing If you’re confused about exactly what it means from an IT and business perspective, you’re not alone ... Sponsored Links JavaWorld JavaWorld is the original independent resource for Java developers, architects, and managers. Follow us Core Java Enterprise Java Learn Java Mobile Java How-Tos Features News Blogs Resources Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
nechronicleLoad mobile navigation News Latest News North East News Traffic & Travel TV News Celebs History Crime Politics Education Health Property Motors UK & World News News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife Arts & Culture Film ShoppingExpand Business Business News Commercial Property Farming Business OpinionExpand Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Sport Latest Sport Football Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Cricket Speedway Basketball Athletics Other Sport Fantasy FootballExpand In Your Area County Durham Gateshead Newcastle upon Tyne North Tyneside Northumberland South Tyneside Sunderland See all locationsExpand My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory BuySell Family Notices Dating Book an Ad Buy a Photo InYourArea Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time Bingo How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2017 Trinity Mirror North East Home Special Features Google Special Features Absolute Digital Media reviews ad copy relevance techniques The award winning digital marketing campaigners give their verdict  Share ByNeil Bennett 15:54, 9 JUN 2017 Updated16:03, 9 JUN 2017 Special Features  Share Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Absolute Digital Media are reviewing the importance of ad copy relevance and how they can implement changes into their client’s PPC campaigns in order to tackle some of the most advanced and sophisticated methods to improve Quality Score. Relevance is said to be one of the key factors that makes up Quality Score, alongside click-through rate and landing page experience. Quality Score is critical when it comes to maximising your Adwords performance, but Google has previously struggled when it comes to allowing Adwords Account Holders with the knowledge about the factors that affect Ad Quality Score. Nevertheless, a change to Google’s API back in March 2016 helped to provide more insight into the intricate factors that make up Quality Score. Quality Score is exceptionally important as, alongside bid and ad extension data, it is one of the key factors that helps to determine your Ad Rank. Only your bid is deemed to be as more important than your Quality Score, and because of this Absolute Digital Media are looking at new ways to help boost their client’s Ad Rank with a focus of Quality Score. One of the ways that Absolute Digital Media are considering when it comes to helping their clients boost their Ad Rank, is to implement changes to account structures and ad units. This is to help ultimately boost the relevancy of the ads, and the majority of this will stem from implementing hyper-specific ads within the ad groups of their account. A major change in the world of PPC and AdWords in particular is the fact that accounts are growing larger and larger year on year, which means the number of ad groups a particular account may feature will have changed significantly. Because of this, a number of new challenges have arisen, and with Google’s push for relevancy when it comes to ad copy, a number of existing creatives will have become unmeasurable. There are a number of different ways that a highly relevant search ad can be dissected, and at Absolute Digital Media, they will be implementing a similar anatomy across all of their client’s PPC ads. Each section of an ad can be altered in order to improve relevancy, and ultimately this will improve performance. Absolute Digital Media have identified that there are a number of search ad elements that are more important in terms of relevancy than others, and these include the headline, pathways and the description. They have noted that Google ads rank well when the keywords are used within Heading 1, and this can also help users and Google understand that your ad is relevant to what they’re searching for. Nevertheless, an element of creativity will need to be implemented in order to help ensure the ad stands out from the crowd. Using keywords within your pathways at least once is also important, as it shows users that the link is relevant to what they are searching for. The description is also one of the most important parts when it comes to influencing CTR, and ultimately a keyword featured within the description will help boost relevancy ratings. Absolute Digital Media will be looking at implementing some form of ad copy templates, which can behave similarly across all ad groups in a client’s campaign. Designing the ad copy templates can help to ensure that the search term can be inserted effectively, and the ad copy will remain relevant and testable. This will provide a flexible approach that is able to be implemented at scale, but will also deliver relevant ad results for all searchers. Absolute Digital Media are a full-service digital marketing agency based in Chelmsford, Essex, who provide exceptional services to a diverse and extensive range of clients who specialise in a broad selection of industries. With a combination of market expertise and innovation, Absolute Digital Media produce excellent results across local, national and international levels, with fully-integrated packages including PPC, SEO, Social Media, Web Design and more. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @ChronicleLive Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe More On Google Special Features all Most Read Most Recent Advertorial GosforthTry the New New Bengal restaurant and enjoy authentic and delicious tasting cuisine Enjoy fantastic food and wonderful service at the classical Indian restaurant which is a Gosforth institution Advertorial Wet 'n' WildGet 10% off Wet n Wild tickets and keep the kids happy with ten exciting rides Parents rack their brains every school holiday for places to go, and things to do with the children and Wet ‘n’ Wild is the perfect destination with something for all the family Sponsored Special FeaturesHow to get a free Father's Day card from Moonpig Get ready earlier for Father's Day this year and save some cash with Moonpig Advertorial Days OutFrom waterparks and trampolines to aquariums and galleries, there’s a whole host of family events Wondering how to entertain the kids this holiday? Here's our May half-term guide to keep the children happy and parents sane Advertorial Eldon SquareWhy customers are relishing the new Smashburger restaurant in Newcastle From mouth-watering burgers to Denver-style decor, Stateside restaurant concept is a Smash hit with North East customers GoogleAbsolute Digital Media reviews ad copy relevance techniques The award winning digital marketing campaigners give their verdict Sponsored Special FeaturesHow to get a free Father's Day card from Moonpig Get ready earlier for Father's Day this year and save some cash with Moonpig Business SupplementsBusiness supplement: North East Vision Creative industries are a UK success story of increasingly impressive proportions Advertorial Special FeaturesHow to protect yourself when using online dating services Millions of people using dating apps to meet a potential partner but it's important to stay safe and protected as well Advertorial SunderlandLet Pulman Dealerships guide you to a used car or commercial vehicle Buying a used car or commercial vehicle? Let the experts at Pulman discuss your options and guide you through the process Most Read Most Recent Transfer NewsNewcastle United news and transfer rumours LIVE: Reaction as Magpies announce their retained list All the latest news, opinion and analysis as Rafa Benitez looks to give Newcastle United a big overhaul this summer Newcastle United FCNewcastle United may have to smash their wage budget to succeed next season Magpies are battling with the likes of Bournemouth, Burnley and Stoke City in order to land targets this year SunderlandSunderland has the biggest rat problem of anywhere in the entire UK A study by the British Pest Control Association found that the council responded to more call-outs per head than any other area BykerByker Job Centre knifeman 'strapped fake explosives to chest and took staff hostage' Bomb disposal teams were called to Clifford Street in Newcastle after a man armed with a knife and an explosive vest allegedly threatened staff Newcastle United FCNewcastle United announce departure of FOUR players - but Yoan Gouffran could now stay French winger in talks with Newcastle but four long serving players are heading for the exit David MoyesSunderland AFC news and transfer rumours LIVE: Manager search narrows, retained list announced Live updates on all things Sunderland AFC as the Black Cats continue to look for a replacement for David Moyes Transfer NewsNewcastle United news and transfer rumours LIVE: Reaction as Magpies announce their retained list All the latest news, opinion and analysis as Rafa Benitez looks to give Newcastle United a big overhaul this summer NorthumberlandIt's the Northumberland Miners' Picnic today - and 150 years of proud history Today's event at Woodhorn Museum is a celebration of North East culture, mining heritage and local history Nick BrownNewcastle MP Nick Brown to continue as Jeremy Corbyn's chief whip Labour MP Mr Brown was re-elected to his Newcastle East seat with a landslide victory in the General Election Newcastle upon TyneNewcastle among worst places in the UK to be hit by motoring fines It has been claimed Newcastle City Council could have generated £22m in fines over the past three years and three months Top Stories Newcastle City CentreSpice: Is the drug turning Newcastle city centre turning into a zombie nightmare? The zombie drug is wreaking havoc in the city centre, leaving addicts slumped unconscious in the streets North East NewsDaisy the dog has adopted a litter of orphan kittens for her own - and the pictures are adorable Cats and dogs aren't usually thought to get on, but that's far from the case for this little adopted family Newcastle City Centre'Even heroin users look down on it' - Ex drug user reveals true horror of Zombie drug Spice 'It’s like whack-a-mole, if you deal with one strain of it another one quickly pops up' Sunday Sun'One man thought he was a chicken' - charity worker on the frontline in fight against Spice Experts are warning users that former legal high drug Spice has similar long-term health affects as heroin Newcastle upon TyneNewcastle among worst places in the UK to be hit by motoring fines It has been claimed Newcastle City Council could have generated £22m in fines over the past three years and three months Newcastle United FCNewcastle United may have to smash their wage budget to succeed next season Magpies are battling with the likes of Bournemouth, Burnley and Stoke City in order to land targets this year NorthumberlandIt's the Northumberland Miners' Picnic today - and 150 years of proud history Today's event at Woodhorn Museum is a celebration of North East culture, mining heritage and local history Ayoze PerezAyoze Perez on why Newcastle United are heading in the 'right direction' under Rafa Benitez Newcastle United forward Ayoze Perez enjoyed an excellent second half of the campaign as the Magpies achieved promotion as Champions FatfieldPair in court over alleged Christmas Eve hit-and-run that killed Liam Rogerson Two people have appeared in Medway Magistrates' Court after 28-year-old Liam was killed while visiting family in Kent Nick BrownNewcastle MP Nick Brown to continue as Jeremy Corbyn's chief whip Labour MP Mr Brown was re-elected to his Newcastle East seat with a landslide victory in the General Election Blaydon RaceArmed police on guard at Blaydon Race as thousands of runners take part in showpiece Runners from across the North East took part in the iconic event, inspired by the famous Blaydon Races anthem Gateshead'Angel flying high in the sky' - Hundreds attend funeral of Manchester attack victim Courtney Boyle Hundreds dressed in yellow gathered at Saltwell Crematorium for the Leeds Beckett student killed in the Manchester terrorist attack Advertorial GosforthTry the New New Bengal restaurant and enjoy authentic and delicious tasting cuisine Enjoy fantastic food and wonderful service at the classical Indian restaurant which is a Gosforth institution Advertorial Wet 'n' WildGet 10% off Wet n Wild tickets and keep the kids happy with ten exciting rides Parents rack their brains every school holiday for places to go, and things to do with the children and Wet ‘n’ Wild is the perfect destination with something for all the family Sponsored Special FeaturesHow to get a free Father's Day card from Moonpig Get ready earlier for Father's Day this year and save some cash with Moonpig Advertorial Days OutFrom waterparks and trampolines to aquariums and galleries, there’s a whole host of family events Wondering how to entertain the kids this holiday? Here's our May half-term guide to keep the children happy and parents sane Advertorial Eldon SquareWhy customers are relishing the new Smashburger restaurant in Newcastle From mouth-watering burgers to Denver-style decor, Stateside restaurant concept is a Smash hit with North East customers Advertorial SMEsNorth East is a trailblazer for innovative SME funds Region at forefront of delivering funding structures with a robust network of fund managers and professionals Advertorial Rugby World CupSponsored Competition: Deliver the DHL Match Ball at St James’ Park for the Rugby World Cup 2015 Enter the prize draw for the chance for your child to walk out at St James’ Park to deliver the DHL Match Ball at the South Africa v Scotland game on the October 3 Advertorial Special FeaturesEverything you need to know about leasing an office or a shop Gordon Brown expert Gwen Jones explains what businesses need to do if they need to move offices but have years left to run on their lease GoogleAbsolute Digital Media reviews ad copy relevance techniques The award winning digital marketing campaigners give their verdict News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter instagram InYourArea Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time Bingo How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2017 Trinity Mirror North East This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 30 Plus 1 on G+ 78 Share on Facebook 33 Share on Twitter Total Shares141 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Videos Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Calling through Google Home 1.2 Manual control over which Assistant answers 1.3 Independence Day [US-Only] 1.4 Notification access for easier access to contacts and messages 2 Download There's another version of the Google app floating around in the wild, and as we've probably become accustomed, it doesn't appear to make any notable changes upon installation. However, there are some interesting elements floating around in the apk. In this update, we can see the first signs of support for making calls with Google Home and a new action that allows users to manually reroute voice commands to the device in their hand. There's also a new feature that looks at your notifications in an effort to give easier access and suggests about your contacts and messages. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Calling through Google Home Google announced this one at I/O, so it's far from a surprise that things are starting to show up in the Google app. Think of this section as a status update. In case you missed it, the announcement at I/O declared that it will soon be possible to use Google Home a bit like a speakerphone. More specifically, you'll be able to start and carry through a call on Google Home. There were still a lot of unanswered questions, but a few of those might be cleared up with this teardown. To begin with, some people have predicted that the call still occurs through the caller's phone, but the audio is traveling over Bluetooth or Wi-Fi, while others have suggested a phone number will be linked to Google Home and calls will be made through the Google Voice infrastructure. It appears that the latter of the two is the winner. Some of the new strings show that users will link their phone service to Google Home for outgoing calls. Another common question is whether or not people will be able to answer incoming calls through Google Home. At the moment, only outgoing calls are mentioned in the strings, which hints that incoming calls might not be supported. On the other hand, this implementation doesn't look finished, and support could be added in the future, so this is far from conclusive. code <string name="assistant_settings_active_phone_service_category_title">Linked phone services</string> <string name="assistant_phone_preference">assistantPhone</string> <string name="assistant_settings_more_phone_servicer_category_title">Other phone services</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_title">Phone</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_default_snackbar_text">%1$s is your default phone service.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_link_dialog_text">Link your Google Account to %1$s to make calls on Google Home through Google Assistant.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_no_preference_title">Anonymous</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_no_preference_summary">You will appear as unlisted to others</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_service_category_title">The Assistant will use the phone service provided below for outgoing calls on Google Home. E911 is not available.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_unable_unlink_default">Cannot unlink your default phone service.</string> Manual control over which Assistant answers Staying with the topic of Google Home, but going wider to all devices that run Assistant, it looks like Google is still working working out the best way to handle multiple always-listening devices. A new line of text has been added that will be used to give direction to the Assistant that the device in your hand is the one that should be responding. <string name="opa_mult_devices_answer_on_phone">Answer Here</string> There are no clear signs about how this line will be used, but it looks like it will be a button on the toast message. That is to say you'll probably have a brief span of a second or two after a command is claimed by another device when you'll be able to insist it should be handled on your phone. Obviously, we all want voice commands to be handled by the perfect device each time, but since that would take some bewilderingly perfect artificial intelligence and perfect knowledge of context, that's pretty unrealistic. Most of us expect commands to at least route to the device that can handle them, not to be sucked into the black hole that is a Google Home when certain commands only work on a phone. I welcome the option to manually tell Assistant to answer on my phone. It may be a hacky workaround, but at least it gives us an out that doesn't require whispering into a phone mic or walking over to the Home unit to hit a mute button. Independence Day [US-Only] There's actually nothing special to say here – Google just added a new line for activities scheduled for July 4th, which is Independence Day in the United States. <string name="july_4th_activities">July 4th activities</string> I don't have much to read into about a line like this, but I am going to predict those of us in the US will see this in a little less than a month. :p Notification access for easier access to contacts and messages If you were paying much attention to Google I/O, you may have caught that Android O is bringing a quirky new feature called Notification Dots. In short, the Google Launcher will draw a little dot over the corner of app icons when they have pending notifications. It seems Google may have another feature planned that will also begin watching your notifications. Several new lines describe a feature that will "help you find your contacts and messages," but it needs to watch your notifications to do that. code <string name="notification_accessable_apps_category_title">Notification access</string> <string name="notification_access_desc">Google uses notifications you've received on this device to help you find your contacts and messages. This is done solely on this device and these results are only shown to you.</string> <string name="notification_enabled_apps_title">Select the apps you'd like to include:</string> <string name="notification_access_link_text">Turn off notification access</string> <string name="notification_menu_message">To give Google access to your notifications, tap the toggle above next to Google. You can change this access from Settings &gt; In Apps.</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_title">Want to see more contacts?</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_body">To see more relevant contacts and messages, turn on notification access. This means that Google can read notifications from all apps and keep the information private on your phone.</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_dismiss_button_text">NOT NOW</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_learn_more_text">Learn more</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_optin_button_text">GO TO SETTINGS</string> Reading through the new strings is a little disappointing because they only give a (very vague) sales pitch about what the feature is supposed to achieve – helping you to find your contacts and messages – and that it wants permission to do this. However, there isn't even a hint about what users can actually expect to see as an end result. In fact, the most notable thing to take from the wording is that Google is very specific that all data collected for this feature is stored locally on your device and won't be going to the cloud. While privacy is certainly important, and it's not surprise Google wants to be cautious, this means users won't have cross-device syncing or some of the more clever features that rely on server-based processing. Two other small notes can be taken from the text, though they aren't terribly helpful. The first is simply that users can configure which apps will be watched, so it'll be possible to effectively ignore notifications that are misleading to the system or you might not want to have mixing into your results. The second detail is that the option to include or exclude apps from this feature is in Settings –> In Apps, which is currently where apps are enabled for deep search. This might suggest information from notifications will also turn up through the search field, just like deep search does now, but that feels like a bit of a leap in logic. Perhaps there will be more to learn when the next update begins rolling out. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 7.4.15 beta APK Mirror Download QR-Code Google Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app calling contacts download downloads google app google assistant google home Independence Day messages notifications teardown video subscribe ... Previous Story Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude ... Next Story Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments edmann What happen to the data saver for the cards that was supposed to be in the app? Cody Toombs If you don't live in India (or some other country with painfully slow bandwidth and crippling data caps), I'm not sure you'll see it at all. Even if you are in an area where it's going to roll out, I don't think it has been enabled yet. These things take time to implement and test, and things don't always move super quickly. Joshua So a third world Country or Canada. Got it. Oh wait, nothing comes to Canada. Cory S The Cold War has been over for a long time. Duder12 Google is moving farther and farther in front of Alexa and Siri. Its going to be embarrassing for the competition if the public finally notices. LondonLeedsFan Maybe in the US - UK won't be getting call features as far as I understand. Lars Jeppesen Neither will Europe or other places. xyz No worries since none of these will be available outside the US so everyone else will stick with the competition. Gfame103 Just enable the got dam calling feature already! Jack Smith Totally agree. Google has all of this already with Google Voice. Google is doing tons and tons but really wish they would go a little faster. XerBlade "It may be a hacky workaround, but at least it gives us an out that doesn't require whispering into a phone mic or walking over to the Home unit to hit a mute button." If this is truly what that's about, seriously, as I keep bringing up pretty much every time I see such extremes being brought up as necessities, wouldn't it be easier than any of those incredibly stupid solutions to just hit the button on your phone instead of using the hotword in the first place? tu3218 Bring it on! Good_Ole_Pinocchio I want new Hardware Google. Software is almost fully baked. I shall wait. Jack Smith "I want new Hardware " Not following. New hardware for what? BTW, the software will NEVER be fully baked. This does not work that way. It will be constant adding for the rest of my life. It is like saying Search was baked five years ago. Good_Ole_Pinocchio Better Speaker, and More Mics so it's easier for it to hear. And software wise I mean fully baked as in what we expected the thing to be on launch day. The software was gimped and anemic. Now all the expected basics are here.... Oh except we still can't set reminders. F4LL0U7 So this stuff is great, but I'm having some experience-breaking issues on my Nexus 5X and G Watch R. 1. Reminders just don't show up as notifications at all, and automatically get dismissed. This makes them completely useless as reminders! 2. I enter *every* appointment in Google Calendar, and some of them have addresses. This should (and used to) make a very handy "time to leave" card and notification show up when I needed it. Currently, the card and notification do show up, but then get automatically dismissed. When they disappear, that event no longer shows up in my agenda in my Google feed. If it weren't for Google Calendar reminders, I'd completely miss my appointments. Both of these issues have plagued me for months, and have not been fixed even if I do a factory reset. Anyone else experiencing this? Any suggestions? Good_Ole_Pinocchio I haven't experienced those issues personally. You may get a lot more responses over at reddit though. surethom All. I want is a graphical equaliser to reduce the ridiculously high base. Good_Ole_Pinocchio What you need is new hardware from Google. Jack Smith What do you need in new hardware? reggjoo Are you rooted? If so, Magisk has many audio mods that will give you the control your looking for(Dolby atmos is one example). If not, maybe the playstore has something, even though they seem to not integrate seamlessly with the system as much. Cory S You can't root the Google Home, or enable Dolby Atmos. obk88 is using the free spotify account available yet? JD That will never happen Spencer Actually... http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/17/google-home-now-supports-spotify-even-free-accounts-plus-soundcloud-deezer/ obk88 lol it was announced in the google I/O Grey When will my phone beep when I say Okay Google again? This is the single most head-scratching, bizarre, insane decision Google has ever made. Does anyone else's Okay Google's on their phone beep them anymore? Makes that sound? Mine make it over bluetooth but not in person. I DON'T GET IT. How do I get this feature back?? It's essential. Willie Chalmers III It makes the noise if it's on Bluetooth. I miss the sound, but I suppose Google considered the fact that if you're asking the assistant something on your phone, you can visually see if it's responding, so only tactile response, a vibration, is necessary There's also the possibility that the noise made Google Assistant feel less conversational and more like a robot, which isn't what Google desires. Grey I think the less conversational thing is what they were going for, but there's tons of problems. For one, it isn't always listening. I have spoken to the phone trying to be conversational and it's just not listening anymore. And two, I'm not looking at my phone!!! That's the point of voice commands!! reggjoo Those settings are not there with the new updates(at least the last two). If anybody can find the "in apps" button, more power to you. I lost the voice function, except in the Google app, after I updated that. Tried all the "solutions" that I could possibly find, and scoured every post. By accident, I was messing around with Google +, and did something, some settings came up, clicked on some, and "viola" everything came back! In apps was back, the beep was back, just like before their update. Do I want to update it again? Not really. akshay7394 It beeps when you trigger it via 'Ok Google', doesn't beep if triggered through the home button long-press gesture. Grey I only use Ok Google. Doesn't beep. akshay7394 Strange; are you referring to Assistant or the older version ? beeps for me :s Grey It's Assistant. I say "Okay Google" and there's no beep. You get a beep for every prompt to speak? Not over Bluetooth, not on Google Home, on your phone? I have a Nexus 6P. Cory S I know the beep can be turned on for the Home at least. reggjoo Go to google+, and find a setting in there that re-enables these settings for you. Uninstalling updates, updating, clearing data/cache had no effect on losing voice/beep, etc. By accident, I found a setting that took me to a voice adjustment page, that re-enables your voice, the way it's supposed to be. I can't remember what g+ setting took me to it, so you gotta do your homework. After that, I turned off auto updates, and detached it from the playstore, but Google always finds a way to sometimes secretly install the update anyway. Total Insecurity On my Google Pixel XL it still beeps like a champ. reggjoo Try to find the solution thru google+, you wouldn't expect any settings to be there for the assistant, but something's there, but I can't remember what I did, and it was by accident. Sina ina Anyone having problem with ok google detection when screen is off ( while chaging ) with this version ? mine is broken right now reggjoo If that's all that's wrong, feel lucky, the update of Google app broke my voice, it only worked in the Google app, after I pressed the home button. Almost 6 hours after I updated it, it went to that state. First it's actions started slowing down, then in any app died, then it stopped launching from the launcher(even though my launcher has OK Google detection built in). After clearing cache, data, uninstalling to previous versions, updating, messing with activity settings, enabling permissions with apps2sd pro, I fixed it by accident. I went to Google +, found some settings in there(wasn't looking for anything about the assistant). From the settings in the app, other settings about the assistant started popping up. Enabled them, and everything started working again, except screen off. I figure I could get that to work again too, but ya gotta know when to say when. I turned off automatic updates, used titanium backup to detach it from the playstore, but Google, sometimes gets around that, and updates anyway, so my fingers are crossed now. I want to enjoy my phone, for a little while, before they screw it up again. Behace When deciding which device to answer from, why can't assistant decide which decides can handle the request then figure out which device recorded the request at the highest decibel? It would be a rather crude way of deciding which device to answer with but it could work, no? Fruity101079 Still no Google Assistant on Nexus devices, while my language is supported... reggjoo What I worry about is breaking what setup I already have. Last few updates broke my voice function (what happened to "from any app button"?) It took almost a month to figure how to get that function back. Eventually, through g+, after trying all the help solutions, that didn't work at all, I figured it out, but I can't remember how now. I don't want to go thru that again. I'm turning off automatic updates, just to protect my setup, even though Google apps always finds a way. I'll shy away from this one, til I hear from various forums about stability problems with setups and older devices. Ryan How about recognizing the Home is handling the request and turning my screen back off? My phone just sits there with the screen on. JG it looks like Google is still working working out the best way to handle multiple always-listening devices Having to press a "Answer here" button, IMHO, kind of defeats the purpose of having hands free, always listening devices. Instead, I think Google should set customized wake up triggers for each device. Right now we have "OK Google" and "Hey Google" trigger phrases. The Google Home and Android Auto could be set to only reply to "Hey Google" while the phone could be set to reply to just "OK Google" triggers. Then I could just say "OK Google, send a text to Mark, let him know I'll be 10min late" and know my phone is going to handle it rather than my Home yelling at me that it still can't send messages. Or maybe even go a step farther. Motorola has had the ability to set personalized trigger phrases for their Moto X line for some years now (mine woke to "Hello Moto X"). I'm sure Google should be able to figure out a means to allow each of my devices to have their own specific wake up trigger. That might also help cut down on false triggers in multi-Home houses. "Hey Bedroom Home, what time is it" won't accidentally trigger both Bedroom Home and Living Room Home. reggjoo I said almost the same thing a while ago, as far as the trigger word goes. Why Google, still holds onto "OK Google" just to use voice, is beyond me. Some will say that changing it will mess with their servers, but no, how could it, all the info they collect on you, your habits, etc.. I'm sure there's enough space in there for personalized voice commands. Your idea is good. xyz US only? Lame. When is Google going to bring independence day to the rest of the world? JG There's actually nothing special to say here – Google just added a new line for activities scheduled for July 4th, which is Independence Day in the United States. I'm curious as to this string... Is Google going to display my personal information (from Calendar et al) reminding me I need to take potato salad to Aunt Em's pool party... Or will it display information about near by activities, like when my local municipality's fire works display is scheduled... Or is Google going to "host" their own special Independence Day activities? And will other holidays get similar treatment in the future? Blake Sinnett So I've been thinking ever since this was posted. What if you could connect Duo for audio calls? It would certainly improve quality. They mention "phone services" but that could be Duo, Skype, etc. What if they made it possible for apps to connect to the Google Home calling feature? Probably not, but it would be neat if that happened. Jack Smith Come on do a little research. Google already has all of this with Google Voice (GV). It will NOT require bluetooth and are you serious? Go download GV and then it will be obvious how it works. Cory S I'm surprised they aren't using the sensors in the device, so that it knows you are holding it to decide where to answer, instead of a ratchet toast button. Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 72 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 72 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 131 queries | 0.374s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Virtual Everything – the problem with smart assistants Featuresby Robert Triggs16 hours ago 3 282 8 Virtual or smart assistants, AI, or whatever you want to call them, these services have taken off in a big way this year, with virtually every new flagship smartphone touting their inclusion. We have universal players in Alexa and Google Assistant, and smaller propriety options from the likes of Samsung, HTC, and now even Andy Rubin’s new Essential Phone. We’re all familiar with the sales pitch by now. Better search results, personalized responses, and contextual information right at your fingertips. Not to mention that interacting with voice is a faster, more convenient, and a more human way to ask questions and be told certain pieces of information. Certainly, smart assistants have their uses and I’m sure that they’re going to be a helpful tool for many. But they’re not without their issues, and we might want to treat some aspects of them with scepticism. Another layer of fragmentation The biggest issue with the virtual assistant ecosystem right now is that it’s still early days, and there are a number of players all vying for pole position in the market. I’ve seen many a comment sarcastically rejoicing at the introduction of yet another smart assistant platform, and I’m sure we’ll see a number of other companies introduce their own technologies before long too. Between Alexa, Bixby, Cortana, Google Assistant, Sense Companion, Siri, Viv, and others, it's difficult to remember the exact capabilities of each platform and tougher still as features continue to evolve. While competition tends to be a boon for us consumers and and great incentive to innovate, we’re currently going through the stage where feature support varies widely and consumers don’t quite know exactly what to expect from each platform. You only have to look across the range of supported music apps, smart home products, or the different voice commands available on these various smart assistants to see the pickle we as consumers are in. Which tier of Spotify do I need to use voice commands on Alexa versus Google Assistant, does my smart assistant TV talk to my fridge from another brand, why does this command I use for my speaker not work the same on my phone? There’s a lot of research required on the consumer end to figure all of this out, and it feels like the last thing Android, or tech in general, needs right now is another layer of fragmentation. However, it won’t be until these standards realize most of their planned feature sets that we can begin to more readily contrast and compare. Making money While smart assistants can do a lot of us, we should also ask what we’re doing for the company’s providing them, and that’s eventually going to boil down to money. I’m usually not too cynical about profit motives if I receive a good product, but when it comes to trading increased amounts of our personal information and the details of our lives, the cynic in me begins to awaken. Obviously, Alexa is all about bringing new Amazon customers into the fold and making it easier for existing customers to do repeat business. We know what we’re getting into with Echo products. Google Assistant, on the other hand, doesn’t appear to have a clear money making plan yet, other than building up an even greater Google advertising profile on us all. This in itself is a little concerning, given that smart assistants not only keep track of our messages and emails, but now are also integrated into our fitness regimes, tastes in music, and even our bank accounts. This deeper level of information about our lives is probably more valuable than ever, but as ad revenues continue to fall smart assistants may need additional revenue streams. While Amazon and Google can easily fund development, the financial viability of smaller third party assistants remains to be seen. Recently, Google Assistant trial ran controversial advertisements as part of its Today’s Briefing feature, and has suggested that shopping results and referring customers to specific partners could be the way to generate revenue in the future. Of course, this leads us to ponder the implications of having sneaky or subtle advertisements injected right next to our daily schedule and whether or not we’ll be seeing the best deals or prices when a company has a vested interest in giving preferential results to its affiliates. See also: Google Assistant will make revenue from online sales 2 weeks ago Bixby, HTC Sense Companion, and other smaller proprietary smart assistants are perhaps less likely to be interested in money making directly and more about offering a competing feature out of the box, but even these aren’t going to be impervious to the need for revenue. Bixby is already heavily integrated into Amazon’s shopping results when using Bixby Vision to lookup objects, so we’re actually seeing a narrower set of results when using these assistants, compared with regular web searches. The question is, why should we as customers prefer Amazon, or any of the other major shopping services linked to other assistants, over unsupported competitors? I realize that it’s not realistic to support every small business or shop, but we need to be aware of the knock-on effects that using assistants for shopping and the like might have on businesses that are left out. Monopolizing the app market This leads me nicely onto my next point, and that’s about the level of influence these smart assistants are beginning to hold over app trends and market positions. Alexa, Google Assistant, and Siri have all announced various big named partners, which marks a stark change to the free-for-all and level-ish playing field that we’ve come to benefit from in smartphone app stores. Of course, these assistants are looking to support as many apps, services, and technologies as possible to accommodate what consumers are actually using, and their SDKs are relatively flexible for new developers. However, the level of integration and support varies a lot from those who have worked closely with the likes of Amazon or Google compared with those who haven’t or can’t. In the long term this risks limiting the number of services that consumers consider using or switching to based on what’s supported by these smart assistants. See also: Will AI assistants spark renewed interest in wearables? March 1, 2017 Take music apps, for example. Google recently unveiled that it will soon support voice commands for free Spotify accounts, along with SoundCloud and Deezer, on top of YouTube Music, TuneIn, Google Play Music, iHeartRadio, Pandora, and NPR One, but you’re without luck if you use another service. Meanwhile, Amazon’s Alexa enabled commands for Amazon Music, Prime Music, Amazon Music Unlimited, Spotify Premium, TuneIn, and Audible. However, if you want to use another third party service it has to support an Amazon account and then only the basic commands will work. Consider the influence that is up for grabs by news outlets that get their foot in early and the advantages given to Amazon Flash Briefing's default sources, such as NPR, BBC, and The Associated Press. While that’s passable support for now, there are some notable names, such as Tidal, that are clearly missing from these lists. Those with early support clearly have a big advantage, as some consumers switch to them in order to make the most of their smart home products. Furthermore, it’s not clear how much these support / deals are worth, but it’s a little concerning that smaller services or audio app developers might struggle to offer the same level of support. The same is true for Uber and Lyft, which are the default taxi hire options as opposed to your assistant looking up a local cab number for you. Perhaps more worryingly, think about the types of influence that is up for grabs by news outlets that get their foot in early or even just the advantages given to partners – such as NPR, BBC, and The Associated Press – that are the default sources for Amazon’s Flash Briefing feature. Lots of people don’t bother configuring these type of hidden settings or switching defaults, and so are only receiving news from a fraction of the sources that they could otherwise search for. Can we trust them? This brings us onto trust, and there are two points I think we should be aware of. The first is obviously security of our information, but secondly how well can we trust the results we’re given. What I mean by this, is that smart assistant searches are reliant on information provided from a variety of sources, some of which don’t have the most reliable histories. We’ve all heard stories of “Yelp disasters”, unfair spiteful reviews, or companies paying for fake 5 star listings. So when it comes to asking Google, Alexa, or whoever, for a recommendation, can we be sure that we’re actually getting the best product or going to the tastiest restaurant? Are crowdsourced reviews and opinions as useful as looking up dedicated and specialized critics? It’s a similar situation when it comes to film releases or recommending a new album to check out. As well as the affiliate incentives to recommend me something questionable over nothing at all, it’s quite rare, for me at least, to agree with IMDB’s film scores or Amazon’s book genre recommendations. Yet many of these rating systems form the core of many features offered by today’s assistants. I prefer reading the thoughts of critics that share similar opinions to me from a list that I’ve cultivated over time, rather than a taking a chance on a generic rating posted by anyone who just happens to have an opinion. There’s something to be said for consulting a specialized in-depth opinion, yet these smart assistants are basing their recommendations entirely on unverified, vague crowdsourced data. See also: Bixby vs Google Assistant vs Siri April 24, 2017 Going back to the bigger trust issue, these smart assistants are collecting more data on us than ever before, and many of these technologies rely on always-on microphones to capture keywords and quickly respond to requests. Many before me have already outlined the concerns about always-on listening, and it’s certainly concerning when we discover that law enforcement officials are interested in the data collected by our smart home tools. This is mitigated to some extent through microphone muting options or Bixby’s use of a dedicated button to call the feature. Communication with servers is also encrypted, so some measures are already in place. But we also have to trust that information recorded and analyzed from our requests is being saved securely too, and that we retain some control over what happens to them. Amazon allows its users to review and delete their past recordings, and Google Home offers a similar option to delete your history and toggle some data sharing options, but this isn’t the same as permanently deleting the profiles or data that these giants have collected about us. Furthermore, with customers using smart assistant in conjunction with their banking apps and other sensitive applications, there’s more at stake than with older basic voice search technology. With high profile hacks making many a headline over the past year, we certainly need this data to be secured with industry leading technologies. Wrap Up Although my tone may sound pessimistic, I am convinced that smart home appliance and mobile smart assistants have a lot to offer us all. Many of us will certainly find them useful in the years to come, if we’re not already enjoying them as part of our daily lives. However, as with all early technologies, the industry is still learning and growing, implementing new essential features, improving third party support, and ironing out issues. The broader software ecosystem is also only just getting to grips with this innovation, and as such it’s support is going to be limited to those willing to invest in early adoption. Things may look different in the coming months and years, and perhaps many of my early concerns will, hopefully, turn out to be misplaced. How do you feel about the current state of smart assistants? Features Virtual assistant Virtual assistant Robert Triggs Lead Technical Writer at Android Authority, covering the latest trends in consumer electronics and hardware. In his spare moments, you'll probably find him tinkering with audio electronics and programming. Show 3 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 6 days ago45 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
subscribe Vogue fashionbeautycultureliving runway videoshop Most Shared Living > Parties Anna Wintour, Andrew Bolton, and More Celebrate the Launch of We Wear Culture June 9, 2017 2:16 PM by Maria Ward 17 View Slideshow Photo: David X Prutting/BFA.com Last night Google Arts & Culture hosted a celebration for the launch of the global fashion project We Wear Culture at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Hosted by Eric Schmidt, the executive chairman of Google; Amit Sood, the director of the Google Cultural Institute; and Andrew Bolton, the curator in charge of the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s Costume Institute; the We Wear Culture digital platform was brought to life in an immersive experience made available for one night only. Anna Wintour, Tory Burch, Adam Selman, Hari Nef, Dao-Yi Chow, and Maxwell Osborne were among the many insiders who came out to have fun with serious fashion and technology. Part of the evening included donning VR goggles to view, for example, a 360-degree video of the conservation department. “It offers a behind-the-scenes window into what our conservators do,” Bolton said. “I’m deeply proud of what our conservators do; they really bring our garments to life.” The same could be said for We Wear Culture, which lets users zoom in on megapixel details otherwise invisible to the naked eye. “It’s very difficult to show fashion on a permanent display in museums because of its fragility,” explained Bolton. “[This experience] allows a large part of our collection—iconic pieces—to be on virtual perfect display.” Given the project brings together more than 180 costume institutes on a single platform, the scale is like no other. “I believe deeply that fashion is democratic, and the Google Platform offers and harnesses that accessibility,” Bolton said. “Every piece of clothing has a story to tell, and it’s my job as a curator to tease out those stories.” Of the many stories ready to be discovered, Bolton called out one dedicated to Charles James that highlights the making of a garment through the designer’s process. “To me, that’s one of the most enlightening features because it shows the process of one of the greatest American couturiers we’ve ever had,” he said. Using state-of-the-art technology, We Wear Culture allows users to explore everything from the Father of Couture to the ancient Silk Road, through the courtly fashions of Versailles to the British punk movement and beyond. Iconic pieces that changed the way we got dressed, such as Marilyn Monroe’s high heels or Coco Chanel’s LBD, are brought to life before the users’ eyes. “It makes you realize why Chanel has stood the test of time and introduced us to a vocabulary that’s really become a blueprint of fashion.” Recommended For You Vogue Fashion Beauty Culture Living Runway Magazine City Guides Videos Subscribe Vogue App Vogue Shop Promotions Vogue Archive Masthead Vogue Podcast Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Sign up for Newsletter Contact Press Accessibility Help Subscriptions Digital Editions Vogue Worldwide UK India Italy Mexico Australia Germany Korea Spain Taiwan Russia France Brazil Japan Portugal Ukraine Turkey China Reprints/Permissions Media Kits Careers Condé Nast Digital Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Magazine Customer Service Sitemap © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/2014) and Privacy Policy (Effective 1/2/2014). Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached, or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Apps Photography How to master Google Photos New, 55 comments Tips and tricks for getting the most from Google’s great service by Chris Welch Jun 9, 2017, 10:25am EDT share tweet Linkedin By now, you’ve almost certainly heard how good Google Photos is. Your friends, family, and coworkers are probably using it and singing the app’s praises. It makes backing up your photo library effortless. It can identify people — even babies — in your images with freakish accuracy. It automatically creates GIFs and movies that the people in your life will cherish. Hooray. But there’s really no great manual or user guide for Google Photos. Google’s FAQ site is about as close as the company comes to a “getting started” handbook. So I’ve compiled some how-tos and tips here and plan to update this article to keep up with any big changes that Google makes to the app. MOVING TO GOOGLE PHOTOS Few tasks feel as daunting as transferring your entire photo library from one service to another. And few things feel worse than accidentally losing images or videos that you can’t replace. So as great as Google Photos might be, switching to it won’t be a small undertaking for everyone. Apple Photos: If all of your pictures and videos are on your phone or Mac, this should be relatively straightforward. Just install Google Photos app on your iPhone or the desktop app for your Mac. On iOS, Photos will automatically start backing up your photo library. On Mac, you’ll need to point it to the folder where your photos are stored. There’s just one potential snag to be aware of if you’re using Apple’s iCloud Photo Library. Depending on your settings, some of your images could be in the cloud and visible on your devices — but not actually stored on them. This might be the case if you got tired of warnings about low storage on your phone and decided to buy more space with iCloud. If you’re using iCloud Photo Library, Google Photos might be unable to see or upload your photos and videos. The easiest solution is to make sure every file is actually saved on your smartphone or computer. To do that, just enable the options below: iOS: Settings > [your name at the top of the screen] > iCloud > PhotosSelect “Download and Keep Originals” Mac: Open Photos app. Choose Photos > PreferencesSelect “Download Originals to this Mac” Windows: Apple explains how to download iCloud photos to your PC here. Flickr: Glenn Fleishmann put together a thorough step-by-step guide at Macworld for relocating from Flickr to Google Photos. I wish I could say it’s a quick, easy process, but that’s not the case. It takes some work to bring everything over — especially if you want to save things like image titles, descriptions, and other details that some photographers will insist on preserving. Glenn goes the manual route using Flickr’s own export process, which is sure to test your patience since it involves downloading multiple, large zip archives of your entire Flickr library to a PC or Mac. You might be able to find third-party apps that can assist with that arduous step. Pictogo is one I’ve had some success with on macOS. Once you’ve got all the files, using the Google Photos desktop app to send them to their new home in the cloud is the easy part. Thankfully, Google Photos makes it painless to edit critical data for photos (ie. when they were taken) in case some of that gets lost during the move. My best advice is this: tough it out. Don’t let the distressing procedure make you abandon the entire mission. You’ll only have to do this once. Endure the grunt work and be done with it. Windows / Mac: If you’re got a traditional photo library (folders upon folders), the Google Photos desktop uploader should get the job done fairly well. Photo by Vlad Savov / The Verge CHOOSE WHAT TO BACK UP, WHEN, AND AT WHAT QUALITY Google Photos automatically backs up the pictures and videos you capture with your smartphone. When you first set up the app, you’ll be given two choices on backup quality: optimized or original. Optimized is an enticing choice since it offers unlimited storage for free. And it’s a fine option if you plan on sharing your images mostly online — via email, on social media, etc. But if you’re a semi-serious photographer, potentially see yourself making a photo book, or just want to archive everything without any quality degradation, it’s best to pick “original.” However, original backups will eat into your Google account storage, so you’ll likely need to upgrade at some point to get more room in the cloud for your library. By default, Google accounts come with 15GB of storage. The backup options in Google Photos are pretty flexible. Google Photos gives you plenty of flexibility about when backups occur. You can tell the app to only back up over Wi-Fi if you need to be careful about using too much data on your phone. Google Photos can also be set to only do backups while your phone is being charged to minimize any battery drainage. Personally, I’ve configured Photos to back up pictures at any time with cellular data but to wait for Wi-Fi for video uploads. Sometimes you might need Google Photos to back up more than just camera roll items, though. You can choose which folders — screenshots, downloads, Instagram, etc. — Photos backs up by going to settings, then “Back up & sync,” and then select “Back up device folders” to toggle folders on and off. If you want to back up an individual photo or video that’s in a folder not being synced with Google Photos, you can just do it manually. Open the image, tap the three-dot menu button in the top right, and choose “Back up now.” You can select multiple items when doing manual backups, as well. THE HELPFUL, AUTOMATIC ASSISTANT One of the best aspects of Google Photos is how much work it does for you automatically — without you doing a thing. Did you take a weekend trip somewhere? Photos will recognize that those pictures were taken in a specific location and create an album grouping them all together. If you took a sequence of similar images (even if they’re not technically “burst” shots), Photos will often make an animated GIF out of them. It’ll also create movies (with a music track), collages, and filtered versions of your shots. Again, this all happens with no work on your part. These automatic creations show up in the Assistant tab, where you’re free to either save them to your library permanently or swipe them away if Google made something bad. And yes, sometimes there are misfires. Movies are often imperfect when an algorithm is doing the editing, and Google really tends to layer on the effects thick when it randomly applies a filter to one of your photos. And just like with Facebook, on some days you’ll open Photos and be greeted with photos of an ex or other delicate memories thanks to the “Rediscover this day” feature. But more often than not, the Assistant produces really great stuff that’ll cause you a quick burst of emotion. And whether they’re rooted in joy, nostalgia, or wistfulness, those surprises get very addicting. How to hide someone in Google Photos: Tap the search bar Expand the section with faces of people in your library Tap and hold on the person you don’t want to see Select “Hide” in the upper right corner Once that’s done, Google Photos will avoid surfacing photos featuring that person in “Rediscover this day.” SEARCH IS THE KILLER FEATURE If you want to sell someone on Google Photos, show them the app’s search powers. You can do the basics like “selfie” or “photos from last weekend.” But the wow factor really hits when you search for specific subjects that Google Photos has identified in each of your shots. From individual people in your life to animals, objects, events (“concerts”) and nearby landmarks, Photos can pull up whatever you’re looking for in a massive library with astonishing speed. Occasionally some odd and not-quite-right results will appear with the good ones, but search is usually far more accurate than not. You can also ask search to show specific types of content within your library like GIFs, 360-degree photos, screenshots, and videos. MAKE YOUR OWN GIFS You’re not just limited to the GIFs that Google Photos automatically makes. The app also lets you create them with any photos you’d like. Select the sequence of images you want, tap the + icon, choose animation, and you’re done. You can string together any photos in your library that you’d like, which allows for a little more creativity than a GIF of burst-shot photos. OR MAKE MOVIES FOR YOUR PARENTS GIFs might be popular among your friends, but your parents and other family members might appreciate the movies feature of Google Photos a little more. They like that stuff. To have the app automatically create a movie, select any images and videos you want to include, tap the plus button, and pick movie. Movies can only be created with the Google Photos mobile app; you can’t yet make them from the web. From there, you can either just go with whatever Google makes or take control and edit things yourself. To change up the style and transitions, tap the clapperboard icon at the lower left of your screen. To switch up the music track, tap the music note. And if you want to adjust the order of content in the movie — or add or drop images — choose the film strip. Once you’re done, you can either share your movie directly or upload it to YouTube for public viewing. SHARED ALBUMS If you want to share your shots from a wedding or a party with other people that attended, Google Photos makes this relatively simple. Select the album that you want to share, tap the share icon, and start entering their name or email address. You can also create a new “Shared Album” and choose whether or not people you share it with will be allowed to contribute to the album. If someone you’re sharing with is already a Google Photos user, you’ll see the app’s icon on that person’s profile image. In this case, you can choose to share via Google Photos and they’ll receive an in-app notification. Otherwise, you can just simply share by email. Recipients must have a Google account to add their own images and videos to a shared album, but anyone with the link can view the album and download photos — even if they’re not in Google’s ecosystem. In that sense, it’s worth using a bit of care with the shared album link. There’s no way to assign different permissions to specific people you’re sharing with. You can block someone’s Google account to revoke access to any shared album. Next to the person's name, tap “More” and then hit the block option. FREE UP STORAGE ON YOUR PHONE As Google uploads your phone’s camera roll to the cloud, you might want to erase the copies of those images on your device to free up space. Photos makes this fairly simple: Open the side menu Select “Free up space” Google Photos will know what content has already been backed up and is safe to clear off of your device. Just tap the “remove” button to take the final step. FOLDERS! TURN ON THE PHOTOS FOLDER IN GOOGLE DRIVE If for whatever reason you want or need to dig through the actual folder and file structure of Google Photos, you can do this through Google Drive. Go to Drive, then settings, then check the “Create a Google Photos folder” option and you get... folders. Like this: ARCHIVE THE UGLY STUFF Google recently added an “archive” feature to Photos. This removes images from the main view of all your photos — but they’re still accessible in the Archive folder. Photos will suggest some stuff to archive (like screenshots) but you can use archive for more... sensitive content as well. SATURATE YOUR SKIES The built-in editing tools in Google Photos are perfectly adequate if you’re making basic touchups. And if nothing else, hitting the “Auto” filter usually does a very nice job of improving the white balance of your image. Google Photos editor There’s also a way to pump up the blues in your sky photos — without ratcheting up the saturation of the entire scene. Tap the pencil / edit button, choose the middle icon of setting sliders, and then expand the “color” section. There, you’ll see a slider for “deep blue.” Move that up, and your sky photography will get a a lot more pop. You can also use it for other blue subjects, as well. Other random tips and tricks: You can change the look and density of your library as it appears on your phone’s screen with a pinching gesture. Pinching in will increase the number of images shown on screen at once until you get to a month / year view, while pinching outward will zoom in to display just a few photos at a time — but much larger. For the mobile app: if you know when a photo you’re looking for was taken, it’s much faster to use the scrubber on the right side (that appears as you scroll) to navigate your library. Once you grab it and scroll either up or down, you’ll see the month and year pop up next to your finger so you know when to stop. You can tell Google Photos to automatically strip out the location data from images and videos that you share with a link. Go to settings and toggle on “Remove geo location.” Google notes that this doesn’t remove geolocation data for photos and videos that you share “by other means” in the app. Google Photos is the best cloud photo service going today, but if you’re not a fan of giving Google so much of your data, it’s relatively easy to bail on the whole thing. Just go to Google Takeout and you can choose to download your entire photo collection. As I mentioned earlier, I plan to update this How-to over time as Google introduces or changes Photos features. If you’ve got any questions (or if there’s something you’re dying for Google to add), I’d love to hear about all of it in the comments. Next Up In Reviews The new MacBook keyboard is better, but not enough to convince the doubters iMac 2017 first look: perspectives from a pro video editor Apple announces new iMac Pro with up to 18-core processor and 5K display for $4,999 ⌘ + K, the Slack keyboard shortcut that saved my life Five essential apps to track your spending, save money, and pay your friends Don’t buy the Chromebook Pro until Google fixes a critical bug Now Trending Watch the first teaser trailer for Black Panther Samsung’s 49-inch ultrawide curved display is basically just half a TV at this point Apple’s next iPhones won’t have the fastest possible LTE speeds Because of a multi-country legal battle over smartphone modems E3 2017 schedule: your guide to the biggest live streams Enjoy the show from the comforts of your couch A SpaceX engineer and marine biologist explain how they got picked to be NASA astronauts Robb Kulin and Zena Cardman had very unique journeys to the space agency Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 81. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Watch the first teaser trailer for Black Panther by Kwame Opam 8 comments / new Augmented reality company Meta sues former employee for stealing its tech by Adi Robertson Prosecutors say the Kansas shooting of Garmin engineers was a hate crime by Russell Brandom 9 comments / new Microsoft might be rethinking how users interact with Cortana by Ashley Carman 28 comments / new How to watch this weekend’s all-electric races in Berlin by Sean O'Kane 6 comments / new iOS 11 is already being used to make AR fidget spinners, BB-8, and Space Invaders by Sean O'Kane 36 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Saturday, 10 June 2017 Log in Forgot Username or Password New Here? Create an account Your profile Edit profile Log out Home Technology mobility networks & services media & entertainment Business finance business & regulatory people Global europe middle east & africa asia - pacific latin america north america Events Connected Britain 2017 Carriers World & IPX Summit 2017 Connected Europe 2017 Total Telecom Congress World Communication Awards 2017 Gigabit Access 2018 all Insight knowledge network press releases white papers Webinars video collaboration centre Archive Softbank acquires Boston Dynamics, Schaft from Alphabet By Nick Wood, Total Telecom Friday 09 June 17 Google parent backs away from autonomous robotics, but Japan-based telco says it is a key driver of the information revolution. Softbank on Friday agreed to acquire Alphabet's robotics units, Boston Dynamics and Schaft, as Google's parent refocuses on monetising data. Alphabet's Google X arm acquired Boston Dynamics in December 2013. The company is best known for developing a four-legged robot designed to accompany soldiers, called 'BigDog'… Softbank on Friday agreed to acquire Alphabet's robotics units, Boston Dynamics and Schaft, as Google's parent refocuses on monetising data. Alphabet's Google X arm acquired Boston Dynamics in December 2013. The company is best known for developing a four-legged robot designed to accompany soldiers, called 'BigDog'. Schaft meanwhile specialises in two-legged robots. It was founded at the University of Tokyo in 2012, and was also acquired by Google in December 2013. "There are many issues we still cannot solve by ourselves with human capabilities," said Softbank CEO Masayoshi Son, in a statement. "Smart robotics are going to be a key driver of the next stage of the information revolution, and Marc [Raibert, CEO and founder of Boston Dynamics] and his team at Boston Dynamics are the clear leaders in advanced dynamic robots." The acquisition fits with Son's 30-year vision, which centres on positioning Softbank to usher in, and therefore benefit from, the emergence of super-intelligence, or the singularity. It is this vision that led Softbank to acquire U.K.-based chip designer ARM in 2016 for €28.8 billion, and why it is in the process of establishing a $100 billion venture capital fund. "We at Boston Dynamics are excited to be part of Softbank's bold vision and its position creating the next technology revolution," said Raibert. "We share Softbank's belief that advances in technology should be for the benefit of humanity." Financial terms were not disclosed. The deals are subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. For Alphabet, the sale reflects a refocusing on its core activities around gathering, analysing, and monetising data. "At the end of the day, Alphabet is a data analytics company whose objective is to categorise and understand every piece of digital information that users generate and to sell those insights to marketers," said Radio Free Mobile founder Richard Windsor, in a research note. "Autonomous robots that can carry out physical tasks do not generate data about users because they are designed to replace them, making them a bad fit inside Alphabet," he said. He also pointed out that Google's robotics effort was the brainchild of Android co-creator Andy Rubin, who left Google in 2014, and recently returned to the device market with a new company, Essential. Boston Dynamics and Schaft "will be much more at home inside a company that can make use of them," Windsor said. We are having trouble showing you adverts on this page, which may be a result of ad blocker software being installed on your device. To view the article please disable any ad blocking software Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. TRENDING » When you think the result will go one way, but it goes anoth… » Softbank acquires Boston Dynamics, Schaft from Alphabet » Yahoo shareholders OK Verizon deal » Total Telecom Media Information 2017 » Global IP traffic to hit 3.3 zettabytes by 2021 » Industry bodies gang up on EU over 5G » BT creates team of customer-championing CIOs » China Telecom COO quits » MegaFon, Huawei in 35-Gbps 5G demo » AINMT to buy up to 60% of Nextel Brazil RECENTLY READ » Softbank acquires Boston Dynamics, Schaft from Alphabet Newsletter signup Quickly get on board and up to date with the telecoms industry Your Last Name Your Email Your Company Login RELATED ARTICLES 3CX V15.5 sets the standard in usability with new Web client From A-Z - more than 200 organisations attend Connected Britain 2017 An aversion to logos could be Essential's undoing Global average connection speed rises 15% according to Akamai   Quick Links Home Media information About us Contact us Privacy My profile Newsletter Breakfast briefings Webinars Video Social Links Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Total Telecom meets the information and research needs of the Global Communications industry, from breaking news to expert analysis. It is the leading communications link between end users and the vendors, carriers and resellers of telecommunications technology and services. Email: info@totaltele.com Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7092 1000 © terrapinn holdings ltd mmxvi all rights reserved Home Technology mobility networks & services media & entertainment Business finance business & regulatory people Global europe middle east & africa asia - pacific latin america north america Events Connected Britain 2017 Carriers World & IPX Summit 2017 Connected Europe 2017 Total Telecom Congress World Communication Awards 2017 Gigabit Access 2018 all Insight knowledge network press releases white papers Webinars video collaboration centre Archive
Home > Search Video Recaps > Search Buzz Video Recap: Sell Links To Google, hreflang, Google Maps & The SEO Movie Search Buzz Video Recap: Sell Links To Google, hreflang, Google Maps & The SEO Movie Jun 9, 2017 • 8:45 am | (0) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Search Buzz Video Round Recap Prev Story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story This week in search I quickly go through the monthly Google webmaster report. I then discuss how someone sent a Googler an email about selling links to them. But Google tells us they ignore links from all types of sites and only penalizes the worst of them. Google said use pop up style DIVs over interstitials for age verification. Google site if your site has one language, don’t use hreflang. And the order of your hreflang does not matter to Google. Google said lesser crawl rate doesn’t matter. Google doesn’t do spring cleaning on their search index. Google has expanded their featured snippets in Europe Google tests more hotel features, like sliders, three tabs, carousel pricing and the number of results. Google launched the tab feature in the local results. Google moved Google Posts to Google My Business. Google reworded other resources to web tools in Search Console. Google keeps testing new black user interfaces. Finally, the SEO Movie trailer is out and it is about our SEO industry. That was this past week in search at the Search Engine Roundtable. Make sure to subscribe to our video feed or subscribe directly on iTunes to be notified of these updates and download the video in the background. Here is the YouTube version of the feed: For the original iTunes version, click here. Search Topics of Discussion: June 2017 Google Webmaster Report Tip Of The Day: Don't Sell Links To Googlers Google: We Can Ignore Links On Any Site Including Forbes & Entrepreneur Google: We Penalizes Egregious Link Manipulation; Otherwise Ignores The Link Google: Pop Up Style DIVs Better Than Interstitials Google: Site In One Language? No Need To Use hreflang. Google: Order Of Language Values In hreflang Doesn't Matter Google: Less Crawl Rate Isn't Necessarily A Bad Thing Google: No Spring Cleaning On The Search Index Google Expands Reach Of Featured Snippets In European Regions Google Tests Hotel Price Slider & Carousel Price Labels In Search Google Hotel Pack Now Shows Number Of Results Google Local Panels Now Rolling Out Tab User Interface? Google Local Panel Tests Three Tabs: Overview, Rates & Reviews Google Posts Now Within Google My Business Google Search Console Rewords "Other Resources" To "Web Tools" Google Tests A More Colorful Black Search Results Design SEO: The Movie - A Movie About Our Industry Coming Soon Please do subscribe via iTunes or on your favorite RSS reader. Don't forget to comment below with the right answer and good luck! This week in search I quickly go through the monthly Google webmaster report. I then discuss how someone sent a Googler an email about selling links to them. But Google tells us they ignore links from all types of sites and only penalizes the worst of them... Previous story: Google: We Can Ignore Links On Any Site Including Forbes & Entrepreneur   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 06/09/2017 08:45 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums New Bing Visual Search Detail View What is HTTP/2 and Why You Should Use It Digital Point Forums Image Usage Query Adbuff - Official Publisher Thread Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google Posts Now Within Google My Business Google Posts Now Within Google My Business Jun 9, 2017 • 7:25 am | (3) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Maulik Panchal shared a screen shot on Twitter of the Google Posts feature, which enables businesses, organizations and personalities to share information in more real time within the knowledge panel in Google search, now being within Google My Business. It looks like you can manage your posts directly in Google My Business when you dive into a specific location that you manage. Of course, your business/organization etc must qualify to do Google Posts. If not, you won't see the feature. Here is Maulik's screen shot (click it to enlarge): Google is rolling these out to more categories over time, so keep checking your Google My Business account for more details. Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Google Local Panel Tests Three Tabs: Overview, Rates & Reviews   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 06/09/2017 08:45 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums New Bing Visual Search Detail View What is HTTP/2 and Why You Should Use It Digital Point Forums Adnow Native Ads [Official Thread] Looking For Forum Posters For Credit Card Community. Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Business Image Source: Boston Dynamics Google finally sold Boston Dynamics, and all its insane robots Mike Wehner @MikeWehner June 9th, 2017 at 8:51 AM Share Tweet Inventor of all manner of awe-inspiring and uber-creepy robots, Boston Dynamics has finally found a buyer. SoftBank, the Japanese Google-alike which has been on a buying spree of late, just announced that it has acquired Boston Dynamics from Google for a undisclosed sum, but you can bet it wasn’t cheap. Don't Miss: A new iPhone 8 case leak shows us a very different design Boston Dynamics is one of the leaders in robot development worldwide, and when the company was bought by Google X in 2013 it was a pretty huge deal. But the honeymoon didn’t last long, and Alphabet started shopping the company over a year ago in the hopes of offloading it. A handful of rumored suitors popped up, including Amazon, but the acquisition talk quieted down rapidly. SoftBank apparently decided enough was enough, and struck a deal with Alphabet to buy the firm outright. “Today, there are many issues we still cannot solve by ourselves with human capabilities,” SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son said in a statement. “Smart robotics are going to be a key driver of the next stage of the Information Revolution, and Marc and his team at Boston Dynamics are the clear technology leaders in advanced dynamic robots. I am thrilled to welcome them to the Softbank family and look forward to supporting them as they continue to advance the field of robotics and explore applications that can help make life easier, safer and more fulfilling.” Even if you’re only vaguely familiar with Boston Dynamics as a company, you’ve no doubt seen plenty of their robots in viral videos and various news pieces over the past half decade or so. Now, with an owner who actually wants them, perhaps the company can get the eventual robot takeover of Earth back on track. Tags: Boston Dynamics, google, Robots, Softbank View Comments Trending 1 Tech Major leak shows that Google’s Pixel 2 will be just as exciting as the iPhone 8 2 Science 99-million-year-old bird found preserved in amber stuns scientists 3 Tech OnePlus just gave us an official look at the OnePlus 5’s camera 4 Tech A new iPhone 8 case leak shows us a very different design 5 Tech So the launch of Blackberry’s new phone is going really well Picked For You Vaux transforms your Echo Dot into a portable Alexa smart speaker with killer sound By Maren Estrada 19 hours ago The Galaxy Note 8 was supposed to have a signature iPhone 8 feature, but it looks like it won’t By Zach Epstein 2 days ago This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch By Maren Estrada 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS The countdown is on to Ireland’s sci-tech extravaganza, Inspirefest 2017 Time running out to get your hands on Inspirefest early bird tickets Construction begins on €500m Limerick Twenty Thirty development Dave, technology and the power of people Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest 10 incredible Inspirefest speakers you won’t want to miss Heads in the sand: Almost 25pc of Irish SME businesses are offline Boston Dynamics finally finds a buyer in big spender SoftBank Uber executive fired over medical records of Indian rape victim Is your iPhone screen cracked? A quicker fix is on the way Uber culls 20 of its staff after 215 claims of sexual harassment Dublin Fire Brigade’s John Lynch: ‘The right data could save lives’ Google can now track your in-store purchases – it can track everything Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the smart data Fenergo’s Niall Twomey: ‘How often does IT have to say no?’ Qualcomm’s next-gen charger is fitter, stronger, faster Connecting the data dots for the future of healthcare Apps like WhatsApp are inflicting carnage on mobile revenues in Ireland Campaign to make Valentia Island a World Heritage Site gains momentum EU reveals €120m plan to provide free wireless internet in 8,000 public places Economic impact of Virgin owner’s European broadband network reaches €7bn Five firms win Ireland’s first 5G licenses in €78m auction Three U-turn sees roaming data limits bumped back up Weekend takeaway: Be inspired UX sells: How TSSG start-ups are taught to design for the user first It might be worth keeping an eye on these 10 award-winning start-ups €1.5m on offer for Irish regional and fintech start-ups An Irish start-up in New York: How to meet and greet the fintech elite Fintech start-up secures one of Ireland’s largest ever Series A rounds ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE David Puttnam steps down from role as Irish digital champion Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Stay curious and discover, says scientist and Lego innovator UCD to lead new €2.1m European cancer rehab research programme Boston Scientific invests €17m in new RoadRunner R&D lab in Galway Hubble Space Telescope proves Einstein right by proving him wrong Is medtech the sole domain of the rich, ignoring the world’s poor? We finally know what the mysterious Wow! signal in space was Nothing can stop proliferation of IoT – not fear, not security, not anything As drones deliver drugs and heavy loads, are we keeping an eye on them? An AI sat a university entrance exam, and the results are in Rockstart about to kick-start Europe’s largest AI accelerator in Amsterdam Fidelity’s Irish iLab team envisions the future of work through a VR lens Irish tech firm invents the future of connected cars How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS Want to work in sci-tech? We can help NIBRT-GE biopharma centre to train 1,500 professionals per year Dublin calling: Could Brexit push London’s European start-up talent elsewhere? Digital skills and thinking skills are what’s needed in our schools Here’s everything you need to know to land a career in life sciences Reach for the stars with space events in Cork throughout the summer 13 tips to help you nail your next phone interview Feeling stuck? Here’s how to advance your tech career Jack of all trades or master of one: Which is better for coding? How to build a biopharma career in 5 easy(ish) steps Want to work in biopharma? Here’s what you need to study 9 tips to kick-start an amazing software developer career Women in tech: Do not underestimate yourself In HR, the decisions you make can have a significant impact If you want to work with data, you need to get your hands dirty How can you find your dream career? Stay curious 5 reasons you should encourage a good work-life balance As a software engineer, problem-solving is paramount 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Online gift voucher firm Smartbox bringing 100 jobs to Dublin Broadband sales deal leads to 15 new jobs across Ireland at DSM Medical device security start-up Nova Leah to create 78 new jobs Irish tech firm Netwatch to create 15 new jobs in Chicago HealthBeacon to create 20 new jobs in Dublin Do you know where your life sciences degree will take you? ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Is it a case of more funding, fewer women in the arts? What app did you use at Guns N’ Roses? Probably Snapchat Google: You can check out any time you like, but you can never leave Palm-sized drone, perfect for selfies – haven’t we heard this before? Should you pee on a jellyfish sting? It might not be the best idea … Smartphones ‘biggest challenge’ facing teachers, many students ‘addicted’ Ireland and rest of Europe can now ‘Snap’ up Spectacles online Google reveals new GIF maker, for journalists not in a rush Beneath the Surface: Microsoft is now making its own silicon This clever mapping tool is a must for An Post Rás enthusiasts Refurb of the Mac: Apple to ramp up processing power in new MacBooks Proposed ban on ‘unrestricted’ smartphones for kids discussed Shake it off, Taylor Swift: Superstar ends bad blood with Spotify Breakthrough app aims to smash taboos about training during your period Irish animator’s video game is the first to qualify for an Oscar Another nail in TV’s coffin: YouTube to produce 7 original series this year YouTube reveals new Material Design desktop site E-sports champions will now get medals at 2022 Asian Games Who are Ireland’s most-followed people on Twitter? While we were laughing at ‘covfefe’, millions of Twitter bots joined Trump’s ranks Carnage in Manchester: Social media captures horror of attack at Ariana Grande concert What is the Antikythera mechanism and why is it so important today? ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ is today’s glorious Google Doodle 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle ALL The Irish ‘can-do’ attitude is gold for the biopharma giants Want to take part in a soft robotics workshop? Well, now you can What to expect at Ireland’s sci-tech wonderland, Inspirefest 2017 ‘The skills we’re looking for are heavily digital literate’ – Dr Bernadette Doyle, GSK ‘Data is everything’ – Dr Mike Thien, MSD BioPharma Ambition: The convergence of manufacturing and care ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT MACHINES Nothing can stop proliferation of IoT – not fear, not security, not anything by Gordon Hunt 1 hour ago1 Share Image: Tommy Lee Walker/Shutterstock Amid a whirlwind of new releases and regulation developments, it appears connected devices simply cannot be stopped. WannaCry and Mirai were mere inconveniences. Apple is rarely away from the news, always aware that brand presence and constant product innovation are a must to keep its value at such spectacular heights. It recently became the world’s most valuable publicly traded company by market cap, after a rise in shares lifted the company’s value above $800bn for the first time. But resting on its laurels is hardly the Apple way, which is why, this week, the Tim Cook-led company made its boldest play to take on the internet of things (IoT), virtual reality and artificial intelligence worlds yet. Apple’s HomePod was revealed, a direct competitor to Google’s Home and Amazon’s Echo. The company is also introducing a new platform for developers to bring high-quality augmented reality experiences to the iPhone and iPad, combining the camera, processors and motion sensors to create interactive gaming, immersive shopping and industrial design. Elsewhere, Wexford- and San Diego-based internet of things powerhouse Taoglas has invented a new kind of radio system for the next generation of connected cars. The new system, branded Axiom, is a reference design for a low-profile, compact, multi-antenna system. Looking to the skies, drones can now cut down delivery times of life-saving equipment in remote African villages, or carry one-tonne packages from store to door. Alphabet, the owner of Google, is even working on a drone-like air traffic control system. But what else did you miss this week? Nothing can stop the rise of the machines IoT will spread rapidly between now and 2026, despite the growing threats – both real and imagined – that surround the security of societies growing more and more digital. That’s according to a study from Pew Research Centre which, along with Elon University, canvassed hundreds of experts to assess where we’re headed. The findings show further human and machine connectivity is inevitable, despite events such as the recent WannaCry ransomware disruption and Mirai botnet attack. Given the extreme disruption both caused, they left barely a bruise on our thirst for connectivity, it seems. “Participants in this canvassing said a variety of forces will propel more connectivity over the next decade that manifests in things like cars, medical devices, public infrastructure and home ‘smart’ systems,” said Lee Rainie, co-author of the study. “They argue that humans crave connection; that the IoT will bring advantages that are useful; that people’s desire for convenience will usually prevail over their concerns about risk, and these factors will make it difficult – if not impossible – for people to opt out of a highly connected life. “At the same time, a small share of the experts predicted that significant numbers will withdraw to at least some degree from connected life due to possible risks that will arise as the IoT rolls out.” UK going big on microelectronics The UK government and industry stakeholders are turning their gaze towards microelectronics, which represents one of the fields of technology that finds it hardest to secure skilled workers. According to TechVision, this niche field of innovaton will support “eco-friendliness, innovating to zero, smart and connected homes, cloud computing and miniaturisation trends, and influence the technological progress of a wide range of industries”. Anything this disruptive should be on many peoples’ agendas. Though it isn’t all plain sailing. A couple of years ago, a report showed three-quarters of microelectronics employers in Ireland would expand their workforce if the highly skilled engineers required were available, but they’re not. “One of the major selling points of microelectronics is its low power consumption,” said Brinda Manivannan, research analyst at TechVision, this week. “Industries recognise that the technology’s rapid charging, smart antenna, wireless charging and organic light-emitting diodes make it extremely cost effective in the long term. “Furthermore, a small footprint makes microelectronics relevant in an era that is experiencing the accelerated adoption of wearables and smart devices. Wireless communication technologies and display technologies will be significantly affected by this trend.” Who are the most influential brands in IoT? Market research firm Onalytica has trawled through social media to find who exactly are the biggest influencers in IoT. This included individuals, companies and publications, with Siliconrepublic.com coming in 22nd place in its list. However, when it comes to companies, the competition really hots up, with many of the major Silicon Valley firms aiming to be leading the conversation. So, based on the report, it seems as if IBM is dominating this space, coming in first place with an influencer score of 100. Intel is in second place at 67.65. But, even in third place, IBM continues its influence through IBM Watson with a score of 41.5. Despite this, IBM’s brand awareness online lags quite a bit behind Amazon and Apple who account for 41pc and 22pc of the conversation, respectively. Truly autonomous cars in France as early as next year According to Phys.org (via AP), French automotive electronic parts maker Delphi is to team up with the transport company Transdev to launch the first truly autonomous vehicles on roads as early as next year. Current tests conducted by the likes of Google and Tesla still require a human in the car to prevent any major accidents. However, the pair of French companies revealed they plan to use a fleet of autonomous taxis and a shuttle van that will travel on the country’s roadways. Two of these Renault Zoe autonomous taxis will be deployed in the city of Rouen, while the bus will run between a rail station and campus in the university district of Paris-Saclay. While the first tests will be conducted later this year with humans on board, the intention is to go fully autonomous next year with the vehicles not having any steering wheel or pedals. However, a human will be on board to communicate with passengers. Transdev’s chief performance officer, Yann Leriche, said that the company has plans to have the taxis and buses eventually running throughout Paris. With additional reporting from Colm Gorey. Want stories like this and more direct to your inbox? Sign up for Tech Trends, Silicon Republic’s weekly digest of need-to-know tech news. Related: conversations, IoT round-up, electronics, internet of things, autotech 66 DAYS 4 HOURS 26 MINUTES Get your early bird tickets now! Gordon Hunt is a journalist at Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Machines Global IoT round-up: Jackets, cars and regulation getting smarter 17 Mar 20179 Shares Hiring Now Join us to create the technology of tomorrow Working at the leading edge of IoT 2016 Graduate Employer of the Year A dynamic and rapidly expanding company Be part of a globally successful team Machines Global IoT round-up: Intel reveals its new self-driving car lab 5 May 201740 Shares Machines Team develops first blockchain that can’t be hacked by quantum computer 2 Jun 2017291 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Machines Infographic identifies the 263 self-driving car start-ups to watch 19 May 2017174 Shares Machines Global IoT round-up: Even our Bose headphones are listening to us 21 Apr 201730 Shares Machines Global IoT round-up: Rapid shift to blockchain cannot be ignored 10 Mar 2017153 Shares Latest News Want to work in sci-tech? We can help 3 minutes ago Shake it off, Taylor Swift: Superstar ends bad blood with Spotify 4 minutes ago Weekend takeaway: Be inspired 11 minutes ago UX sells: How TSSG start-ups are taught to design for the user first 47 minutes ago 10 incredible Inspirefest speakers you won’t want to miss 47 minutes ago Nothing can stop proliferation of IoT – not fear, not security, not anything 1 hour ago Dublin Fire Brigade’s John Lynch: ‘The right data could save lives’ 2 hours ago It might be worth keeping an eye on these 10 award-winning start-ups 3 hours ago Stay curious and discover, says scientist and Lego innovator 4 hours ago UCD to lead new €2.1m European cancer rehab research programme 5 hours ago Heads in the sand: Almost 25pc of Irish SME businesses are offline 5 hours ago Breakthrough app aims to smash taboos about training during your period 6 hours ago Boston Dynamics finally finds a buyer in big spender SoftBank 6 hours ago 13 tips to help you nail your next phone interview 7 hours ago NIBRT-GE biopharma centre to train 1,500 professionals per year 7 hours ago Boston Scientific invests €17m in new RoadRunner R&D lab in Galway 8 hours ago Apps like WhatsApp are inflicting carnage on mobile revenues in Ireland 22 hours ago As drones deliver drugs and heavy loads, are we keeping an eye on them? 23 hours ago Women in tech: Do not underestimate yourself 1 day ago An AI sat a university entrance exam, and the results are in 1 day ago €1.5m on offer for Irish regional and fintech start-ups 1 day ago Is it a case of more funding, fewer women in the arts? 1 day ago Rockstart about to kick-start Europe’s largest AI accelerator in Amsterdam 1 day ago In HR, the decisions you make can have a significant impact 1 day ago More from Discovery Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 30 Plus 1 on G+ 78 Share on Facebook 33 Share on Twitter Total Shares141 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Videos Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Calling through Google Home 1.2 Manual control over which Assistant answers 1.3 Independence Day [US-Only] 1.4 Notification access for easier access to contacts and messages 2 Download There's another version of the Google app floating around in the wild, and as we've probably become accustomed, it doesn't appear to make any notable changes upon installation. However, there are some interesting elements floating around in the apk. In this update, we can see the first signs of support for making calls with Google Home and a new action that allows users to manually reroute voice commands to the device in their hand. There's also a new feature that looks at your notifications in an effort to give easier access and suggests about your contacts and messages. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Calling through Google Home Google announced this one at I/O, so it's far from a surprise that things are starting to show up in the Google app. Think of this section as a status update. In case you missed it, the announcement at I/O declared that it will soon be possible to use Google Home a bit like a speakerphone. More specifically, you'll be able to start and carry through a call on Google Home. There were still a lot of unanswered questions, but a few of those might be cleared up with this teardown. To begin with, some people have predicted that the call still occurs through the caller's phone, but the audio is traveling over Bluetooth or Wi-Fi, while others have suggested a phone number will be linked to Google Home and calls will be made through the Google Voice infrastructure. It appears that the latter of the two is the winner. Some of the new strings show that users will link their phone service to Google Home for outgoing calls. Another common question is whether or not people will be able to answer incoming calls through Google Home. At the moment, only outgoing calls are mentioned in the strings, which hints that incoming calls might not be supported. On the other hand, this implementation doesn't look finished, and support could be added in the future, so this is far from conclusive. code <string name="assistant_settings_active_phone_service_category_title">Linked phone services</string> <string name="assistant_phone_preference">assistantPhone</string> <string name="assistant_settings_more_phone_servicer_category_title">Other phone services</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_title">Phone</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_default_snackbar_text">%1$s is your default phone service.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_link_dialog_text">Link your Google Account to %1$s to make calls on Google Home through Google Assistant.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_no_preference_title">Anonymous</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_no_preference_summary">You will appear as unlisted to others</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_service_category_title">The Assistant will use the phone service provided below for outgoing calls on Google Home. E911 is not available.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_unable_unlink_default">Cannot unlink your default phone service.</string> Manual control over which Assistant answers Staying with the topic of Google Home, but going wider to all devices that run Assistant, it looks like Google is still working working out the best way to handle multiple always-listening devices. A new line of text has been added that will be used to give direction to the Assistant that the device in your hand is the one that should be responding. <string name="opa_mult_devices_answer_on_phone">Answer Here</string> There are no clear signs about how this line will be used, but it looks like it will be a button on the toast message. That is to say you'll probably have a brief span of a second or two after a command is claimed by another device when you'll be able to insist it should be handled on your phone. Obviously, we all want voice commands to be handled by the perfect device each time, but since that would take some bewilderingly perfect artificial intelligence and perfect knowledge of context, that's pretty unrealistic. Most of us expect commands to at least route to the device that can handle them, not to be sucked into the black hole that is a Google Home when certain commands only work on a phone. I welcome the option to manually tell Assistant to answer on my phone. It may be a hacky workaround, but at least it gives us an out that doesn't require whispering into a phone mic or walking over to the Home unit to hit a mute button. Independence Day [US-Only] There's actually nothing special to say here – Google just added a new line for activities scheduled for July 4th, which is Independence Day in the United States. <string name="july_4th_activities">July 4th activities</string> I don't have much to read into about a line like this, but I am going to predict those of us in the US will see this in a little less than a month. :p Notification access for easier access to contacts and messages If you were paying much attention to Google I/O, you may have caught that Android O is bringing a quirky new feature called Notification Dots. In short, the Google Launcher will draw a little dot over the corner of app icons when they have pending notifications. It seems Google may have another feature planned that will also begin watching your notifications. Several new lines describe a feature that will "help you find your contacts and messages," but it needs to watch your notifications to do that. code <string name="notification_accessable_apps_category_title">Notification access</string> <string name="notification_access_desc">Google uses notifications you've received on this device to help you find your contacts and messages. This is done solely on this device and these results are only shown to you.</string> <string name="notification_enabled_apps_title">Select the apps you'd like to include:</string> <string name="notification_access_link_text">Turn off notification access</string> <string name="notification_menu_message">To give Google access to your notifications, tap the toggle above next to Google. You can change this access from Settings &gt; In Apps.</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_title">Want to see more contacts?</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_body">To see more relevant contacts and messages, turn on notification access. This means that Google can read notifications from all apps and keep the information private on your phone.</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_dismiss_button_text">NOT NOW</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_learn_more_text">Learn more</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_optin_button_text">GO TO SETTINGS</string> Reading through the new strings is a little disappointing because they only give a (very vague) sales pitch about what the feature is supposed to achieve – helping you to find your contacts and messages – and that it wants permission to do this. However, there isn't even a hint about what users can actually expect to see as an end result. In fact, the most notable thing to take from the wording is that Google is very specific that all data collected for this feature is stored locally on your device and won't be going to the cloud. While privacy is certainly important, and it's not surprise Google wants to be cautious, this means users won't have cross-device syncing or some of the more clever features that rely on server-based processing. Two other small notes can be taken from the text, though they aren't terribly helpful. The first is simply that users can configure which apps will be watched, so it'll be possible to effectively ignore notifications that are misleading to the system or you might not want to have mixing into your results. The second detail is that the option to include or exclude apps from this feature is in Settings –> In Apps, which is currently where apps are enabled for deep search. This might suggest information from notifications will also turn up through the search field, just like deep search does now, but that feels like a bit of a leap in logic. Perhaps there will be more to learn when the next update begins rolling out. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 7.4.15 beta APK Mirror Download QR-Code Google Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app calling contacts download downloads google app google assistant google home Independence Day messages notifications teardown video subscribe ... Previous Story Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude ... Next Story Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments edmann What happen to the data saver for the cards that was supposed to be in the app? Cody Toombs If you don't live in India (or some other country with painfully slow bandwidth and crippling data caps), I'm not sure you'll see it at all. Even if you are in an area where it's going to roll out, I don't think it has been enabled yet. These things take time to implement and test, and things don't always move super quickly. Joshua So a third world Country or Canada. Got it. Oh wait, nothing comes to Canada. Cory S The Cold War has been over for a long time. Duder12 Google is moving farther and farther in front of Alexa and Siri. Its going to be embarrassing for the competition if the public finally notices. LondonLeedsFan Maybe in the US - UK won't be getting call features as far as I understand. Lars Jeppesen Neither will Europe or other places. xyz No worries since none of these will be available outside the US so everyone else will stick with the competition. Gfame103 Just enable the got dam calling feature already! Jack Smith Totally agree. Google has all of this already with Google Voice. Google is doing tons and tons but really wish they would go a little faster. XerBlade "It may be a hacky workaround, but at least it gives us an out that doesn't require whispering into a phone mic or walking over to the Home unit to hit a mute button." If this is truly what that's about, seriously, as I keep bringing up pretty much every time I see such extremes being brought up as necessities, wouldn't it be easier than any of those incredibly stupid solutions to just hit the button on your phone instead of using the hotword in the first place? tu3218 Bring it on! Good_Ole_Pinocchio I want new Hardware Google. Software is almost fully baked. I shall wait. Jack Smith "I want new Hardware " Not following. New hardware for what? BTW, the software will NEVER be fully baked. This does not work that way. It will be constant adding for the rest of my life. It is like saying Search was baked five years ago. Good_Ole_Pinocchio Better Speaker, and More Mics so it's easier for it to hear. And software wise I mean fully baked as in what we expected the thing to be on launch day. The software was gimped and anemic. Now all the expected basics are here.... Oh except we still can't set reminders. F4LL0U7 So this stuff is great, but I'm having some experience-breaking issues on my Nexus 5X and G Watch R. 1. Reminders just don't show up as notifications at all, and automatically get dismissed. This makes them completely useless as reminders! 2. I enter *every* appointment in Google Calendar, and some of them have addresses. This should (and used to) make a very handy "time to leave" card and notification show up when I needed it. Currently, the card and notification do show up, but then get automatically dismissed. When they disappear, that event no longer shows up in my agenda in my Google feed. If it weren't for Google Calendar reminders, I'd completely miss my appointments. Both of these issues have plagued me for months, and have not been fixed even if I do a factory reset. Anyone else experiencing this? Any suggestions? Good_Ole_Pinocchio I haven't experienced those issues personally. You may get a lot more responses over at reddit though. surethom All. I want is a graphical equaliser to reduce the ridiculously high base. Good_Ole_Pinocchio What you need is new hardware from Google. Jack Smith What do you need in new hardware? reggjoo Are you rooted? If so, Magisk has many audio mods that will give you the control your looking for(Dolby atmos is one example). If not, maybe the playstore has something, even though they seem to not integrate seamlessly with the system as much. Cory S You can't root the Google Home, or enable Dolby Atmos. obk88 is using the free spotify account available yet? JD That will never happen Spencer Actually... http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/17/google-home-now-supports-spotify-even-free-accounts-plus-soundcloud-deezer/ obk88 lol it was announced in the google I/O Grey When will my phone beep when I say Okay Google again? This is the single most head-scratching, bizarre, insane decision Google has ever made. Does anyone else's Okay Google's on their phone beep them anymore? Makes that sound? Mine make it over bluetooth but not in person. I DON'T GET IT. How do I get this feature back?? It's essential. Willie Chalmers III It makes the noise if it's on Bluetooth. I miss the sound, but I suppose Google considered the fact that if you're asking the assistant something on your phone, you can visually see if it's responding, so only tactile response, a vibration, is necessary There's also the possibility that the noise made Google Assistant feel less conversational and more like a robot, which isn't what Google desires. Grey I think the less conversational thing is what they were going for, but there's tons of problems. For one, it isn't always listening. I have spoken to the phone trying to be conversational and it's just not listening anymore. And two, I'm not looking at my phone!!! That's the point of voice commands!! reggjoo Those settings are not there with the new updates(at least the last two). If anybody can find the "in apps" button, more power to you. I lost the voice function, except in the Google app, after I updated that. Tried all the "solutions" that I could possibly find, and scoured every post. By accident, I was messing around with Google +, and did something, some settings came up, clicked on some, and "viola" everything came back! In apps was back, the beep was back, just like before their update. Do I want to update it again? Not really. akshay7394 It beeps when you trigger it via 'Ok Google', doesn't beep if triggered through the home button long-press gesture. Grey I only use Ok Google. Doesn't beep. akshay7394 Strange; are you referring to Assistant or the older version ? beeps for me :s Grey It's Assistant. I say "Okay Google" and there's no beep. You get a beep for every prompt to speak? Not over Bluetooth, not on Google Home, on your phone? I have a Nexus 6P. Cory S I know the beep can be turned on for the Home at least. reggjoo Go to google+, and find a setting in there that re-enables these settings for you. Uninstalling updates, updating, clearing data/cache had no effect on losing voice/beep, etc. By accident, I found a setting that took me to a voice adjustment page, that re-enables your voice, the way it's supposed to be. I can't remember what g+ setting took me to it, so you gotta do your homework. After that, I turned off auto updates, and detached it from the playstore, but Google always finds a way to sometimes secretly install the update anyway. Total Insecurity On my Google Pixel XL it still beeps like a champ. reggjoo Try to find the solution thru google+, you wouldn't expect any settings to be there for the assistant, but something's there, but I can't remember what I did, and it was by accident. Sina ina Anyone having problem with ok google detection when screen is off ( while chaging ) with this version ? mine is broken right now reggjoo If that's all that's wrong, feel lucky, the update of Google app broke my voice, it only worked in the Google app, after I pressed the home button. Almost 6 hours after I updated it, it went to that state. First it's actions started slowing down, then in any app died, then it stopped launching from the launcher(even though my launcher has OK Google detection built in). After clearing cache, data, uninstalling to previous versions, updating, messing with activity settings, enabling permissions with apps2sd pro, I fixed it by accident. I went to Google +, found some settings in there(wasn't looking for anything about the assistant). From the settings in the app, other settings about the assistant started popping up. Enabled them, and everything started working again, except screen off. I figure I could get that to work again too, but ya gotta know when to say when. I turned off automatic updates, used titanium backup to detach it from the playstore, but Google, sometimes gets around that, and updates anyway, so my fingers are crossed now. I want to enjoy my phone, for a little while, before they screw it up again. Behace When deciding which device to answer from, why can't assistant decide which decides can handle the request then figure out which device recorded the request at the highest decibel? It would be a rather crude way of deciding which device to answer with but it could work, no? Fruity101079 Still no Google Assistant on Nexus devices, while my language is supported... reggjoo What I worry about is breaking what setup I already have. Last few updates broke my voice function (what happened to "from any app button"?) It took almost a month to figure how to get that function back. Eventually, through g+, after trying all the help solutions, that didn't work at all, I figured it out, but I can't remember how now. I don't want to go thru that again. I'm turning off automatic updates, just to protect my setup, even though Google apps always finds a way. I'll shy away from this one, til I hear from various forums about stability problems with setups and older devices. Ryan How about recognizing the Home is handling the request and turning my screen back off? My phone just sits there with the screen on. JG it looks like Google is still working working out the best way to handle multiple always-listening devices Having to press a "Answer here" button, IMHO, kind of defeats the purpose of having hands free, always listening devices. Instead, I think Google should set customized wake up triggers for each device. Right now we have "OK Google" and "Hey Google" trigger phrases. The Google Home and Android Auto could be set to only reply to "Hey Google" while the phone could be set to reply to just "OK Google" triggers. Then I could just say "OK Google, send a text to Mark, let him know I'll be 10min late" and know my phone is going to handle it rather than my Home yelling at me that it still can't send messages. Or maybe even go a step farther. Motorola has had the ability to set personalized trigger phrases for their Moto X line for some years now (mine woke to "Hello Moto X"). I'm sure Google should be able to figure out a means to allow each of my devices to have their own specific wake up trigger. That might also help cut down on false triggers in multi-Home houses. "Hey Bedroom Home, what time is it" won't accidentally trigger both Bedroom Home and Living Room Home. reggjoo I said almost the same thing a while ago, as far as the trigger word goes. Why Google, still holds onto "OK Google" just to use voice, is beyond me. Some will say that changing it will mess with their servers, but no, how could it, all the info they collect on you, your habits, etc.. I'm sure there's enough space in there for personalized voice commands. Your idea is good. xyz US only? Lame. When is Google going to bring independence day to the rest of the world? JG There's actually nothing special to say here – Google just added a new line for activities scheduled for July 4th, which is Independence Day in the United States. I'm curious as to this string... Is Google going to display my personal information (from Calendar et al) reminding me I need to take potato salad to Aunt Em's pool party... Or will it display information about near by activities, like when my local municipality's fire works display is scheduled... Or is Google going to "host" their own special Independence Day activities? And will other holidays get similar treatment in the future? Blake Sinnett So I've been thinking ever since this was posted. What if you could connect Duo for audio calls? It would certainly improve quality. They mention "phone services" but that could be Duo, Skype, etc. What if they made it possible for apps to connect to the Google Home calling feature? Probably not, but it would be neat if that happened. Jack Smith Come on do a little research. Google already has all of this with Google Voice (GV). It will NOT require bluetooth and are you serious? Go download GV and then it will be obvious how it works. Cory S I'm surprised they aren't using the sensors in the device, so that it knows you are holding it to decide where to answer, instead of a ratchet toast button. Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 72 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 72 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 131 queries | 0.374s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Chrome Beta 60 offers new search widget, context menu, and more Newsby Mitja Rutnik17 hours ago 1 300 9 Google has released the Chrome Beta 60 for Android which features a few minor changes, including a new search widget available that opens up the browser once you tap on it. Google actually developed it as part of an anti-trust lawsuit settlement in Russia. What happened was that a company called Yandex said that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement agreement required Google to develop a widget capable of changing between search engines. The next new feature is one that I’m sure a lot of you will welcome with open arms. With Chrome 60, those annoying malware ads that pop up on your screen from time to time won’t make your device vibrate anymore, unless you tap on the page first. See also: Latest update to Chrome for Android loads pages faster than before 2 days ago There’s also a new context menu available, which is the menu that appears when you tap and hold on a link or an image in Chrome.  It adds an icon next to each item on the list, which does make the whole thing look a bit nicer. See for yourself down below. Android Police The new context menu is actually turned off by default, but you can turn it on by enabling the #enable-custom-context-menu flag. The last thing worth mentioning is a new file picker, which appears every time you want to upload a file. It doesn’t really do anything new but does look a bit different than before. It’s also turned off by default, so you’ll have to turn it on manually if you want to use it — #enable-new-photo-picker flag. Android Police Those of you who want to try out the latest version of Chrome Beta can download it to your device via the button below. Download Chrome Beta News Google, Google Chrome Google, Google Chrome  Google  Android Police Mitja Rutnik Show 1 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 6 days ago45 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC 2017 News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 2.0M 483K 364K 57K 14K 21K 65K 43K Android Deals Pick Up AUKEY 30000mAh Portable Charger with Quick Charge 3.0 for $49 – 6/9/17 Deal: Save 30% on TP-Link Networking Products – Today Only! Pick Up the DOSS Touch Bluetooth Portable Speaker for $23.98 – Today Only! Electronics Deals – June 9th, 2017: UE WONDERBOOM, Wemo Mini Smart Plug & More Recent News Best Smartphones in India – June 2017 Sprint Will Acquire More Than 100 Stores From Dixon Carphone Best Cell Phone Plans – June 2017 Motorola Brazil Sends Out Invites For June 21st Launch Event Recent Reviews Sony Xperia XZ Premium Review – Familiar Design & Top Specs OUKITEL K4000 Plus Review – A Well-Rounded Budget Phone Maze Blade Review: Premium Design Without A Premium Price OUKITEL K6000 Plus Review: Feature-Packed On A Budget Google Reveals When Pixel & Nexus Support Will End June 9, 2017 - Written By Daniel Fuller Google has officially laid out exactly when customer support will end for Pixel and Nexus devices. Essentially, as long as a device continues to receive security updates, it will continue to receive support over the phone and online from Google. Device OEMs are only required to keep major Android updates coming for 18 months after a device is released, but Google provides major updates to Nexus and Pixel devices for at least two years, usually allowing them to see two major Android version upgrades beyond the one they were released with. Security updates, on the other hand, normally continue for far longer. Nexus and Pixel devices get guaranteed updates for one year after major update support ends.  The dates revealed by Google correspond to when guaranteed support will end for a given device, but Google and the device manufacturer can continue to offer updates and support after that date if they wish to. The earliest current device to see its support end is the Nexus 6, which will see guaranteed security updates and support end this October. October of last year marked the end of guaranteed major updates for the device. All older models, such as the popular Nexus 5, have already hit the end of the support road. The Nexus 9 shares its support dates with the Nexus 6. The Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P, on the other hand, will see major updates end this September, and security updates and support end in September of 2018. The Pixel and Pixel XL will see their guaranteed major updates come to an end in October of 2018, then guaranteed security updates and support will end one year later. A couple of Nexus and Pixel devices are missing. The Pixel C is notably absent from the listing, but since it was released in December of 2015, it’s a safe bet that it will stop getting major updates in December of 2017, then stop getting security updates in December of 2018. The Nexus Player was released in November of 2014, meaning that it will stop getting security updates this November. No other devices were listed by the Alphabet-owned company as Chromebooks, Android One devices, and other such Google-supported products are all on different update schedules to its smartphones. Post navigation HTC U11 Is Finally Available at Amazon & Sprint Report: Samsung Codenames Galaxy S9 AMOLED Tech ‘Sunflower’ June 9, 2017 | Android News , Android Phone News , Android Tablet News Source: Google Support Via: Android Authority Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News Phone Comparisons: BlackBerry KEYone Vs. LG V20 Best Smartphones in India – June 2017 Sprint Will Acquire More Than 100 Stores From Dixon Carphone Best Cell Phone Plans – June 2017 Honda Plans To Have SAE Level-4 Cars In Cities By 2025 Deal: Save 30% on TP-Link Networking Products – Today Only! Motorola Brazil Sends Out Invites For June 21st Launch Event Kimera Systems Nigel AI Gets Open Beta On Android Best Android Apps – Browser – June 2017 Sony’s Xperia L1 Hits The UK & Europe Weekly Poll: Are You Buying The HTC U11? Sponsored: LEAGOO M7, 3D Printer & More On Sale At GearBest Google Home Still Can’t Do Reminders, While Alexa Can Best Android Apps — Fitness Trackers — June 2017 Verizon Will Offer a Different Streaming TV Service Than Competitors UPDATED: European Commission Investigating Qualcomm’s NXP Acquisition VR: Should Subscription-Based VR Services Be More Widespread? Sony Xperia XZ Premium Review – Familiar Design & Top Specs Best OxygenOS Features: Gestures, Dark Mode, And More IoT Bulging With Revenue Options, According To AT&T Exec Chromebooks Could Be Getting Tablet Mode Window Management Load More Posts Follow Share
Jump to navigation Log in Sign Up Feed Main menu Articles Containers Gaming Hardware 3D printing Arduino Raspberry Pi Law Licensing Patents Linux OpenStack Programming JavaScript Perl Python SysAdmin DevOps Resources Projects and applications Conferences and events Organizations The open source cloud Big data Docker Internet of things Kubernetes Linux containers Microservices OpenStack Software defined networking Virtualization Open source alternatives Alternatives to Acrobat Alternatives to AutoCAD Alternatives to Dreamweaver Alternatives to Gmail Alternatives to MATLAB Alternatives to Minecraft Alternatives to Picasa Alternatives to Publisher Alternatives to Slack Alternatives to Trello More... eBooks Open Source Yearbook About The Open Source Way Meet the team Press kit Contact Community Join the community Register Rules for comments and discussions Community Moderator program Community Columnist program Points and badges Editorial calendar Submit your story Writer testimonials Guides for writers Article submission and style guide How to conduct an interview How to enter an article Tips for promoting your Opensource.com article Writing topics Contributor Club The Open Org What is an open organization? What is The Open Organization? What is the Open Decision Framework? Twitter chats Open Org FAQs Resources Guide to IT Culture Change download Leaders Manual download Catalyst in Chief download Field guide download Chapter download Discussion guide download Reading list Book club Ambassadors program Meet the ambassadors Search form Search Main menu Articles Containers Gaming Hardware 3D printing Arduino Raspberry Pi Law Linux OpenStack Programming JavaScript Perl Python SysAdmin DevOps Resources Projects and applications Conferences and events Organizations The open source cloud Open source alternatives eBooks Open Source Yearbook About Community The Open Org What is an open organization? What is The Open Organization? What is the Open Decision Framework? Twitter chats Open Org FAQs Resources Guide to IT Culture Change download Leaders Manual download Catalyst in Chief download Field guide download Chapter download Discussion guide download Reading list Book club Ambassadors program 9 resources to get started coding with JavaScript About the author Josh Wulf - About me: I'm a Legendary Recruiter at Just Digital People; a Red Hat alumnus; a CoderDojo mentor; a founder of Magikcraft.io; the producer of The JDP Internship — The World's #1 Software Development Reality Show; a contributor to MCT1 the "Minecraft for Type 1 Diabetes" Project; the host of » More about me Learn how you can contribute 9 resources to get started coding with JavaScript If you're new to JavaScript, check out these resources to get started quickly. Posted 09 Jun 2017 Josh WulfFeed 3up Image by :  opensource.com JavaScript is the lingua franca of the Internet. Like English, it's a language that language snobs love to hate, and it's spoken everywhere. As Anders Hejlsberg said: "JavaScript is the only true cross-platform game in town." Written in just 10 days by Brendan Eich back in 1993, JavaScript has evolved and expanded to fill every computing niche. You can run JavaScript on the server and on desktop computers. You can use JavaScript to build server applications using Node.js. You can use it to build mobile apps with Ionic and desktop apps with Electron. If you want to do something really old school, you can even use it to build web applications! Ready to get started coding with JavaScript? Here are nine resources that can help. 1. Google Chrome The current Cambrian explosion of JavaScript was triggered by Google's Chrome browser. In 2008, after years of stagnation in web browser technology, Google released a revolutionary browser called Chrome along with an awesome comic book that you can still access. The Chrome browser increased the speed of JavaScript by up to 100x, and it had a modular engine—V8—that could be used separately from the browser. The V8 engine became the basis for Node.js and server-side JavaScript. The other thing that Google Chrome introduced is a powerful suite of developer tools. To access them, follow these instructions: For MacOS, open the Google Chrome browser and choose View > Developer > Developer Tools. For Windows, hit Ctrl-Shift-I. Developer tools will open in a window to the right of the webpage you're on. After you get there (via either method), you have to click "Console" at the top of the Developer tools window to get to the Console. This will open the Chrome Developer tools. In the Console, type the following: 
alert('Hello World!'); Now hit the Enter key on your keyboard. You'll see a pop-up window that says: "Hello World!" Welcome to the JavaScript REPL—the Read-Eval-Print Loop. You can use this to explore and test JavaScript with immediate results. It's a powerful and useful tool that will become your staple for developing and debugging JavaScript. 2. repl.it On the subject of REPL, repl.it is an online REPL that includes lessons in JavaScript. You can code in your browser without having to install any tools and immediately test your code. 3. @JavaScriptDaily Follow @JavaScriptDaily on Twitter. Don't try to understand everything on this daily Twitter account, which focuses on JavaScript news and events; just let it flow over you and change your perspective over time. 4. Eric Elliott Eric Elliott blogs prolifically about JavaScript on Medium.com. He is a longtime software developer with a well-considered perspective and a commitment to the JavaScript space. 5. FunFunFunction Mattias Petter Johansson (mpj for short) has a YouTube channel about JavaScript called FunFunFunction. It's equal parts entertaining and educational. Start at the beginning of his episodes. 6. Visual Studio Code Microsoft Visual Studio Code is a cross-platform code editor that is written in JavaScript and uses Electron to provide a cross-platform desktop app. It has first-class support for JavaScript and also supports Microsoft's TypeScript language, which adds static typing to JavaScript. 7. CoderDojo/FreeCodeCamp/Meetup Hanging out with people who are coding in JavaScript IRL (in real life) is a great way to pick up enthusiasm and knowledge. There are free coding groups in most cities—from CoderDojos (you can learn while you teach kids), to FreeCodeCamp groups, to the local JavaScript Meetup. 8. GitHub GitHub is the "Facebook of coding." People share code on GitHub like they share photos on Facebook. When you learn to use GitHub, you'll tap into a rich source of learning and support. The GitHub tutorial is an easy introduction to it. 9. Magikcraft Magikcraft is a way to code JavaScript in Minecraft. It's a fun way to learn, and you can get immediate, dramatic results. It's especially good for people (of any age) who play Minecraft. These are some of my favorite JavaScript learning resources, but it's definitely not an exhaustive list. Feel free to add your favorite JavaScript resources in the comments. Tags JavaScript, Programming About the author Josh Wulf - About me: I'm a Legendary Recruiter at Just Digital People; a Red Hat alumnus; a CoderDojo mentor; a founder of Magikcraft.io; the producer of The JDP Internship — The World's #1 Software Development Reality Show; a contributor to MCT1 the "Minecraft for Type 1 Diabetes" Project; the host of » More about me Learn how you can contribute Recommended reading Get started with machine learning using Python What's the hardest part about microservices? Your data 30 best practices for software development and testing 5 reasons the D programming language is a great choice for development Hugo vs. Jekyll: Comparing the leading static website generators Python scripts to automatically replace text in Scribus Comment now Login or Register to earn points for your comments. Your name * E-mail * The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly. Accept the Terms of Use to continue. You are licensing your contribution(s) as CC-BY-SA. * Comment * Verification * Type the characters you see in the picture; if you can't read them, submit the form and a new image will be generated. Not case sensitive.  Switch to audio verification. Home page Sign up for Opensource.com news Footer Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Meet the Team Visit opensource.org Find us:  Twitter Facebook Google Plus Instagram Youtube LinkedIn Flickr RSS For more discussion on open source and the role of the CIO in the enterprise, join us at The EnterprisersProject.com. The opinions expressed on this website are those of each author, not of the author's employer or of Red Hat. Opensource.com aspires to publish all content under a Creative Commons license but may not be able to do so in all cases. You are responsible for ensuring that you have the necessary permission to reuse any work on this site. Red Hat and the Shadowman logo are trademarks of Red Hat, Inc., registered in the United States and other countries.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan This Android malware features a 'dangerous' new attack Dvmap uses new techniques to infect devices - and has been downloaded over 50,000 times. By Danny Palmer | June 9, 2017 -- 11:53 GMT (04:53 PDT) | Topic: Security The trojan was found inside the official Google Play app store. Image: iStock An Android Trojan which uses new techniques to take of control devices has been discovered in the Google Play Store. The Trojan has been downloaded from Google's official app marketplace over 50,000 times since March 2017 and is a particularly dangerous form of malware because it it can inject code into the system library and remove root-detection features designed to detect malicious intrusions. Uncovered by cybersecurity researchers at at Kaspersky Lab, the Dvmap trojan is not only capable of obtaining root access rights on Android devices but has the ability to monitor information and install other applications. Dvmap disguised itself as a game called 'colourblock' within Google Play which managed to bypass the store's security checks by first of all uploaded a clean version of the app in March. Shortly afterwards, they updated it to a malicious version for a short time before reverting it back to the clean version. Researchers say they did at least five times in the space of four weeks, successfully tricking Google Play in the process. The trojan disguised in the Google Play store. Image: Kaspersky Lab Once successfully installed on the device, the trojan installs a root exploit back installing several tools - which appear to contain comments in Chinese, potentially pointing to the malware authors - in order to run the main phase and overwriting Android's code with malicious code. Researchers note that this could be "very dangerous" and cause some devices to crash. If successfully installed and executed, Dvmap can successfully connect to a command and control server - but in the device being investigated it received no comments. Researchers suggest that if allowed to run, additional malware or advertising files could be stored on the device. The method of code injection "marks a dangerous new development in Android malware" said Roman Unuchek, Senior Malware Analyst, Kaspersky Lab. "Users who don't have the security in place to identify and block the threat before it breaks in have a difficult time ahead.". Those worried they may have been infected by Dvmap are advised to back up all their data and perform a factory data reset of their device. Kaspersky Lab has reported the Trojan to Google, and it has now been removed from the store - but it represents just the latest instance of malicious apps sneaking into the Play store, in Google's ongoing battle with Android malware. While Google keeps the vast majority of its 1.4 billion Android users safe from malware, malicious apps still get through and there's no recall option for malicious applications. Google had not responded to a request for comment at the time of publication. READ MORE ON CYBERSECURITY Google: We've killed off Chamois, one of the largest Android malware families ever Gang robs Russian banks with over 1M hacked Android phones [CNET] Nokia to smartphone owners: Malware infections are far higher than you think Hackers are using this Android malware to spy on Israeli soldiers Hundreds of popular Android apps have open ports, making them prime targets for hacking [TechRepublic] Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Cloud The dumbest passwords people still use Security Want ransomware-proof Windows? It won't work against Windows 10 S, claims Microsoft Security EU seeks new powers to obtain data "directly" from tech firms Security Prepare for increasing 'nation-state' cyberattacks with strategy, not technology × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cashback Fix Trending in Apple Comparison: How does Apple’s current iPad & iPad Pro lineup stack up? Trending in Apple Comment: Siri and HomePod will likely remain behind competing IAs, but there’s a reason for that Trending in Apple Hands-on: macOS High Sierra’s native eGPU support shows promise [Video] Trending in Apple What’s new in iOS 11? Hands-on with 100+ features and changes [Video] Trending in Apple Comment: What does the iMac Pro tell us about the all new Mac Pro to follow? Trending in Apple WWDC 2017: Apple announces iOS 11, macOS 10.13, HomePods, new iPad Pro and more June 8 AAPL: 154.99 -0.38 Comment: Siri and HomePod will likely remain behind competing IAs, but there’s a reason for that Ben Lovejoy - Jun. 8th 2017 7:33 am PT @benlovejoy Feature Opinion Siri HomePod View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Siri has come under fresh attack today, with former members of Apple’s intelligent assistant team stating that it still lags behind its rivals despite the announcement of HomePod and improvements introduced in iOS 11. Independent tests of the main IA systems also tend to bear this out, especially when it comes to personalization. Both Google Home and Amazon Echo have a better understanding than Siri of who we are and what we are likely to want. The thing is, this isn’t coincidence – and doesn’t come without a cost … NordVPN Google is the master when it comes to big data. Many live almost their entire digital lives on Google. They conduct their web searches on Google. Send & receive email in Gmail. Schedule everything they do in Google Calendar. Upload all their photos through the Google Photos app. Read news stories via Google News. Search for products in Google Shopping. Use Google Translate while travelling. Upload their documents to Google Drive. If you do all of this, Google gets to learn a massive amount about you and your life. Google services are able to use all of this data to be incredibly proactive in the way that they assist you. If you receive an email confirmation of a flight booking, for example, Google can add this to your calendar and – based on your current location – prompt you when it’s time to leave for the airport, all without you doing a thing. So it’s no surprise that Google Home is smarter than Siri: it takes advantage of all the data it has to compile a comprehensive digital picture of who you are. Amazon Echo knows less about you, but if you do much of your shopping on Amazon, it still knows quite a lot. Now that Apple is pitching in with its own speaker, the difference in capabilities of the three IA systems will come into even clearer focus. Given the comprehensive nature of the Apple ecosystem, Apple could choose to go down the same route as Google. It could use all of the data it has about me, tie Siri queries to my Apple ID and deliver the same level of intelligence and proactive suggestions as Google Home. If it did so, nobody would be saying that Siri lags significantly behind Google’s IA. But Apple makes a deliberate choice not to do so. When I ask Siri a question, my iPhone doesn’t attach my Apple ID to my query so that Siri’s servers can make contextual sense of it. All that is sent is a random identifier that cannot be linked to my identity in any way. The random identifier is used to help Siri learn my voice: it doesn’t know who I am, but it knows that my query came from (say) person 7582066701, and it can check back over six months to match my query against my voice file to better understand what I actually said. Whenever you speak into Apple’s voice activated personal digital assistant, it ships it off to Apple’s data farm for analysis. Apple generates a random numbers to represent the user and it associates the voice files with that number. This number — not your Apple user ID or email address — represents you as far as Siri’s back-end voice analysis system is concerned. Once the voice recording is six months old, Apple “disassociates” your user number from the clip, deleting the number from the voice file. But it keeps these disassociated files for up to 18 more months for testing and product improvement purposes. That’s a huge difference in approach. Apple protects my privacy, but delivers a less helpful service. Google and Amazon make better assistants, but they know exactly who I am when I ask a question or issue a command. I don’t think either approach is right or wrong. So long as companies are upfront about what they do with my data, I’m happy to weigh up the pros & cons and make my own decision about how much privacy I’m willing to sacrifice in order to take advantage of a particular service. But I also recognize that I’m in a somewhat privileged position when it comes to making that choice. I don’t live in a country with a repressive regime (even if governments of late have taken us rather further in that direction than I would like). I don’t have any business, political or religious affiliations that would put me on anyone’s radar. I’m boringly law-abiding, saving my criminal enterprises for works of fiction. I don’t have any concerns that my government has any interest in surveilling me. Apple knows that not everyone is as fortunate. The company chooses to err strongly on the side of privacy, no matter how much pressure is placed upon it, and I’m glad that it does so. I’m glad that option exists. Will I ever switch IA platforms to take advantage of the greater power offered by a service which knows more about me? Maybe. But either way, I want that choice to exist, and right now Apple is the only player to offer the option of uncompromised privacy. What are your own views? Is Apple right to favour privacy over power? Or would you prefer Apple to take the Google path, and use everything the company knows about you to deliver much more personalized Siri responses? As always, please take our poll and share your thoughts in the comments. Take Our Poll Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news! Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides Opinion pieces & commentary View THe Guide Siri View THe Guide HomePod View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Friday June 09 2017 7:46 pm       Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here   Read the Print Edition Here:   Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Verizon’s first move with Yahoo is to ditch 2,100 jobs June 09, 2017, 05:00 AM By Tali Arbel The Associated NEW YORK — About 2,100 jobs are on the chopping block as Verizon prepares to combine Yahoo and AOL for a digital advertising offensive. Yahoo’s shareholders on Thursday approved the $4.5 billion sale of its key businesses to Verizon. The deal is expected to close by Tuesday. AOL and Yahoo will cut 15 percent of the 14,000 workers they now employ, or about 2,100 jobs, said a person familiar with the matter who requested not to be identified discussing the cuts. USING YAHOO Verizon has a simple goal in buying Yahoo’s core business: It wants to challenge Google and Facebook in the huge and lucrative field of digital advertising. But Verizon faces its own challenge in doing so, given that it will be competing against a slew of other companies also looking to break in. Verizon wants to become a strong third choice for advertisers by adding Yahoo’s popular sites and billion users worldwide to its own media business, which includes AOL and Verizon’s home-grown go90 video service. It can place ads on those sites, and can also combine data from visitors to those sites with AOL’s ad technologies and sales teams, and possibly also personal data from Verizon mobile customers such as location and other information, in order to better target ads at individuals. Verizon has programs that use mobile-customer data for targeted ads and may combine that with data gathered by AOL and Yahoo. Verizon says customers can choose whether to participate. Yahoo and AOL are “positioned to do better together than apart,” Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Wieser said. But he is setting the bar low. While Verizon talks of growth from the deal, Wieser said “not declining would be a success. Five years from now, if the combined entity were the same size as it is today, I would consider that to be successful.” THE VISION Verizon sees online ads — particularly targeted ads — as a potential new source of growth as the wireless industry fights for U.S. users with lower prices and other discounts. Verizon has “essentially turned into a no-growth business,” said CFRA Research’s Angelo Zino. The ad business would be a “big deal” for Verizon if it goes well, he said. Tim Armstrong, the former Google executive who joined AOL as CEO in 2009, has for years wanted to combine AOL with the long-declining Yahoo. Although AOL has big-name properties such as HuffPost and Engadget, it hasn’t been as big of an online destination as Yahoo’s mail, finance, sports and other properties. The combined business, to be called Oath, will expand its news, sports, entertainment, finance and lifestyle coverage. Like everyone else, Oath will focus on video and mobile, where consumers increasingly spend their time online. Armstrong says he wants Oath properties to be a place consumers “come and visit every day” and predicts users growing to 2 billion from 1.3 billion by 2020, with annual revenue of $10 billion to $20 billion from roughly $7 billion today. Lowell McAdam, CEO of New York-based Verizon, teased last month that this could set the stage for a new streaming video service, competing with the slew of internet-TV services already out there. Verizon already has a free mobile video service, go90, that isn’t well known. ALTERNATIVES TO THE DUOPOLY Facebook and Google together draw about half the world’s spending on digital ads, and in the U.S., they’re even more dominant. They’re also where the majority of mobile-ad dollars go, eMarketer data show. The sway Facebook and Google hold for advertisers isn’t expected to change in the next few years. They had a head start on mobile. Yahoo has poured billions into acquisitions that have helped Yahoo make some leeway in mobile — but not enough. It’s gotten better at doing mobile ads, but it has had no major hit apps. Still, AOL and Yahoo together provide a much-smaller No. 3 in the U.S. for advertisers looking to reach lots of people. But even if Verizon’s goal is to just be happy at No. 3, there are several much smaller players that also draw advertisers. Snapchat is a niche hit with young people. Amazon has an under-the-radar ad business that supports its e-commerce dominance. Microsoft, which owns LinkedIn, is expected to grow its piece of the ad pie; Microsoft will be just behind the combined AOL-Yahoo in the U.S. once the deal closes. Twitter, although it’s sorting out its ad business, is a significant smaller player. Globally, several Chinese companies also rake in ad dollars. And the combined company will also have to compete for people’s attention, and not just with other services that rely on ad dollars to survive. Popular sites like Amazon or Netflix also suck up time spent online, said eMarketer analyst Martin Utreras. “They’ve acquired these two dinosaurs and you kind of wonder, can they be successful?” Zino said. That will depend on Verizon being able to convince marketers that they know more about consumers than anyone else, he said. ——— AP Technology Writer Michael Liedtke contributed to this story.     Tags: verizon, yahoo, mobile, billion, business, other, Other stories from today: GOP-run House votes to roll back post-2008 financial rules Verizon’s first move with Yahoo is to ditch 2,100 jobs Modest gains, led by banks, push indexes higher     Print this Page  |  << Back            Daily Journal Quick Poll   The Warriors will ... Win the NBA title in game four Friday Win the NBA title in game five Monday Win the NBA title in game six next Thursday Win the NBA title in game seven next Sunday Lose the NBA title                 Boy, 13, stabbed in unprovoked attack in Millbrae A man allegedly stabbed a 13-year-old boy multiple times this afternoon in Millbrae, in what appears.. California AG slams Trump, defenders in Comey dealings SACRAMENTO — California’s top law enforcement official blasted his former congressional colleagu.. More >>                 Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal Redwood City newspaper  
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Science & Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Android O Developer Preview 3 hits Google Nexus and Pixel phones: Download links Google rolls out the third developer preview iteration of Android O to select Nexus and Pixel devices. Vinod Yalburgi   June 9, 2017 16:05 IST Android O public beta and developer preview 3 releasedGoogle Android app developers are in for some great news as Google has just rolled out the third developer preview for Android O aka Android 8.0 with access to the final Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) and official SDK. The latest preview of Android O is touted to be the most stable beta version till date and well-suited for third-party app compatibility testing with Android O. With Android O public release tipped for August, the third-party Android app developers seem to have adequate time to start developing new apps for the forthcoming Android update and publish it on the Google Play Store. Also Read: iOS 11 vs Android O 8.0: Which mobile OS is the best so far? Prospective Android O users and beta testers may go ahead and download the Android O Developer Preview 3 files on their supported Nexus and Pixel devices, using the direct links provided below. Nexus 5X Nexus 6P Nexus Player Pixel Pixel XL Pixel C Those who have enrolled for the Android O Beta programme should start seeing the notification update for the Developer Preview 3 on their supported Google device. Meanwhile, OEM Android users may soon start receiving the Android O update while Nokia and OnePlus have already confirmed its release on some select devices. Consequently, Nokia 3, Nokia 5 and Nokia 6 will be amongst the first few devices to embrace Android O alongside OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T. Related IOS 11 vs Android O 8.0: Which mobile OS is the best so far? Android O Public Beta and Developer Preview 2 factory images released: Download now Google device codenamed 'Taimen' spotted on Geekbench with 4GB of RAM Quick Links Google Post Comment IBT TV Close Inside Yandex, the Russian tech company that claims to be better than Google Why advertise with us? Latest News March of the robots: Softbank picks up two robotics firms from Alphabet 20 minutes ago By IBTimes Staff Reporter Moto Z2 Force, Moto X4 or Moto E4 Plus: What will Motorola unveil at June 21 event in Brazil? 57 minutes ago By Kukil Bora Why advertise with us? most popular This will disappoint fans who are waiting for Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 will not come with a feature that fans have been waiting for so long. How much will OnePlus 5 cost in India? It's tipped to be the most expensive OnePlus phone ever OnePlus 5 is tipped to be priced higher than any other OnePlus smartphone, raising concerns on whether or not it will convince buyers. Planning to buy OnePlus 5? You may need that annoying invite once again, at least in India The event landing page on the website mentions about an "invite code," suggesting that customers may require invites to buy the OnePlus 5, at least in India. IPhone 8, iPhone 7s Plus mass production begins, new design surfaces Apple is tight-lipped on its upcoming products but schematics of iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s Plus have been leaked, revealing its design. Are you still excited about Nokia 3, Nokia 5, Nokia 6 launch in India on June 13? Nokia trio is all set to enter the Indian market next week. Promoter principle: Swearing by staying power Infosys shareholders have an abiding faith in promoter competence. Friday's crash said so. Major specs leak suggests Google Pixel XL 2 will be worth the wait New GFXBench report confirms that Google Pixel XL 2 will be powered by Snapdragon 835 processor and paired with 4GB of RAM. IPhone 6 16GB at its lowest price ever still doesn't make sense: Here's why While buying an iPhone 6 16GB for Rs. 21,999 is a good deal, there are better offers waiting for you on Flipkart. Photo Gallery Hilaria Baldwin flaunts her body in bikini as she hits the beach with Alec and the kids Hilaria Thomas Baldwin flaunts her body in bikini as she hits the beach with Alec and the kids. Frankie Gaff flaunts her enviably toned figure Model Frankie Gaff flaunts her enviably toned figure. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
icon-book icon-close icon-conversation icon-delta icon-envelope icon-external icon-house icon-menu icon-pencil icon-products icon-search moz-logo Products Blog About Learn SEO Moz Pro Moz Local Free SEO Tools Log in Learn SEO Broaden your SEO with marketing resources for all skill levels: best practices, industry survey results, webinars and more. Advance your marketing skills: Local Marketing | Content | Social Media Get started with: The Beginner's Guide to SEO The Local Learning Center The Beginner's Guide to Content Marketing Q&A Get answers from the Moz Community Help Hub Learn how to use Moz Products Community & Events Connect with 500K online marketers Blogs Read the Moz Blog and YouMoz Blogs Moz Blog Moz Blog YouMoz Rand’s Blog Dev Blog Categories Moz Blog Tips tricks, news and tutorials to help you level-up your online marketing YouMoz Posts submitted by the Moz community, often promoted to the Moz Blog Rand’s Blog Written by the co-founder of Moz and Inbound.org Dev Blog Written by the members of the Moz engineering team By: Rand Fishkin June 9th, 2017 How Does Google Handle CSS + Javascript "Hidden" Text? - Whiteboard&nbspFriday Advanced SEO | Technical SEO | Whiteboard Friday 32 33 Does Google treat text kept behind "read more" links with the same importance as non-hidden text? The short answer is "no," but there's more nuance to it than that. In today's Whiteboard Friday, Rand explains just how the search engine giant weighs text hidden from view using CSS and JavaScript. Click on the whiteboard image above to open a high-resolution version in a new tab! Video Transcription Howdy, Moz fans, and welcome to another edition of Whiteboard Friday. This week we're going to chat a little bit about hidden text, hidden text of several kinds. I really don't mean the spammy, black on a black background, white on a white background-like, hidden text type of keyword stuffing from the '90s and early 2000s. I'm talking about what we do with CSS and JavaScript with overlays and with folders inside a page, that kind of hidden text. It's become very popular in modern web design to basically use CSS or to use JavaScript to load text after a user has taken some action on a page. So perhaps they've clicked on a separate section of your e-commerce page about your product to see other information, or maybe they've clicked a "read more" link in an article to read the rest of the article. This actually creates problems with Google and with SEO, and they're not obvious problems, because when you use something like Google's fetch and render tool or when you look at Google's cache, Google appears to be able to crawl and parse all of that text. But they're not treating all of it equally. So here's an example. I've got this text about coconut marble furnishings, which is just a ridiculous test phrase that I'm going to use for this purpose. But let's say I've got page A, which essentially shows the first paragraph of this text, and then I have page B, which only shows part of the first sentence and then a "read more" link, which is very common in lots of articles. Many folks do this, by the way, because they want to get engagement data about how many people actually read the rest of the piece. Others are using it for serving advertising, or they're using it to track something, and some people are using it just because of the user experience it provides. Maybe the page is crowded with other types of content. They want to make sure that if someone wants to display this particular piece or that particular piece, that it's available to them in as convenient a format as possible for design purposes or what have you. What's true in these instances is that Google is not going to treat what happens after this "read more" link is clicked, which is that the rest of this text would become visible here, they're not going to treat that with the same weight that they otherwise would. All other things being equal So they're on similar domains, they have similar link profiles, all that other kind of stuff. A is going to outrank B for "coconut marble furnishings" even though this is in the title here. Because this text is relevant to that keyword and is serving to create greater relevance, Google is going to weight this one higher. It's also true that the content that's hidden behind this "read more" here, it doesn't matter. If it's CSS-based, JavaScript-based, post load or loaded when the HTML is, it doesn't matter, it's going to be weighted less by Google. It will be treated as though that text were not as important. Interestingly, fascinatingly, perhaps, Bing and Yahoo do not appear to discern between these. So they'll treat these more equally. Google is the only one who seems to be, at least right now, from some test data — I'll talk about that in a sec — who is treating these differently, who is basically weighting this hidden content less. Best practices for SEO and "hidden" text So what can we discern from this? What should SEOs do when we're working with our web design teams and with our content teams around these types of issues? I. We have to expect that any time we hide text with CSS, with JavaScript, what have you, that it will have less ranking influence. It's not that it won't be counted at all. If I were to search for "hardwood-like material creates beautiful shine," like that exact phrase in Google with quotes, both of these pages would come up, this one almost certainly first, but both of these pages would come up. So Google knows the text is there. It just isn't counting it as highly. It's like content that isn't carrying the same weight as it would if it were visible by default. So, given that we know that, we have to decide in the tradeoff situation whether it's worth it to lose the ranking value and the potential visitors in exchange for whatever we're gaining by having this element. II. We've got to consider some creative alternatives. It is possible to make text visible by default and to instead have something like an overlay element. We could have a brief overlay here that's easily close-able with a message. Maybe that could give us the same types of engagement statistics, because 95% of people are going to close that before they scroll down, or they're going to receive a popover message or those kinds of things. Granted, as we've discussed previously on Whiteboard Friday, overlays have their own issues that we need to be aware of, but these are possible. We can also measure scroll depth by doing some JavaScript tracking. There's lots of software that does that by default and plenty of GitHub repositories, that are open source, that we could use to track that. So there might be other ways to get the same goals. III. If it is the case that you have to use the "read more" or any other text hiding elements, I would urge you to go ahead and place the crucial information, including the keyword phrases and the most related terms and phrases that you know are going to be very important to rankings, up in that most visible top portion of the page so that you maximize the ranking weight of the most important pieces rather than losing those below or behind whatever sorts of post-loading situation you've got. Make those the default visible portions of text. I do want to give special thanks. One of the reasons that we know this, certainly Google has mentioned it on occasion, but over the course of the last few years there's been a lot of skepticism, especially from folks in the web design community who have sort of said, "Look, it seems like Google can see this. It doesn't seem to be a problem. When I search in quotes for this text, Google is bringing it back." That has been correct. But thanks to Shai — I'm sorry if I mispronounce your name — Aharony from Reboot Online, RebootOnline.com, and I'll link to the specific test that they performed, but they performed some wonderful, large-scale, long-term tests of CSS, of text area, of visible text, and of JavaScript hiding across many domains over a long period and basically proved to us that what Google says is in fact true, that they are treating this text behind here with less weight. So we really appreciate the efforts of folks like that, who go through intense effort to give us the truth about how Google works. That said, we will hopefully see you again next week for another edition of Whiteboard Friday. Take care. Video transcription by Speechpad.com Popular posts like this New Site Crawl: Rebuilt to Find More Issues on More Pages, Faster Than Ever! Site Crawl, Day 1: Where Do You Start? Win a Ticket + Lodging to MozCon 2017 – On Us! 32 33 Get fresh SEO data, insights, and tracking Learn More About Moz Pro Comments 33 Please keep your comments TAGFEE by following the community etiquette. E-mail me when new comments are posted Sort by: Most Popular Oldest to Newest + Add Comment Paulo_Goncalves 2017-06-09T00:33:44-07:00 Hi Great video. Sorry about my beginner question, does this also apply to tabs and accordions/spoilers that we use to breakdown and make more readable big pieces of content? 6 0 Reply <p>Hi</p>

<p>Great video. </p>

<p>Sorry about my beginner question, does this also apply to tabs and accordions/spoilers that we use to breakdown and make more readable big pieces of content?</p> Submit Cancel Aida_Granada 2017-06-09T06:15:10-07:00 Hi Paulo, I´m no expert but as far as I know accordions contain both javascript & css or css only. 1 0 Reply <p>Hi Paulo,</p>

<p>I´m no expert but as far as I know accordions contain both javascript &amp; css or css only.</p> Submit Cancel Topster_87SEO 2017-06-09T07:45:53-07:00 Yes this is correct. The best way to lay content out on a page is a tiled layout - that can be broken up by a series of images / videos and / or charts. That way you don't hit your visitors with the dreaded wall of text. 2 0 Reply <p>Yes this is correct. The best way to lay content out on a page is a tiled layout - that can be broken up by a series of images / videos and / or charts. That way you don't hit your visitors with the dreaded wall of text. </p> Submit Cancel Kuldeep Sharma 2017-06-09T02:57:09-07:00 The most awaited post Rand! Interesting too.. Agree that by default hidden content gives less weight for search engine ranking. But is it for desktop or mobile ranking? Is it true that hidden and visible text 'well below the fold' will act similarly? Sometimes we want to display hidden content, creating a plain text transcript content and put in no script tag. It is a good way for visibility and maintaining user experience. In the case of using 'read more', you touch a crucial point and did a great job. BTW content relevancy, visibility, crawl-ability is most important for us and this time Moz new site crawl playing a major role. Thank you for insightful WBF. Kuldeep-Sharma edited 2017-06-09T04:25:15-07:00 3 0 Reply <p>The most awaited post Rand! Interesting too..</p>

<p>Agree that by default hidden content gives less weight for search engine ranking. But is it for desktop or mobile ranking? Is it true that hidden and visible text 'well below the fold' will act similarly?</p>

<p>Sometimes we want to display hidden content, creating a plain text transcript content and put in no script tag. It is a good way for visibility and maintaining user experience.</p>

<p>In the case of using 'read more', you touch a crucial point and did a great job. BTW content relevancy, visibility, crawl-ability is most important for us and this time Moz new site crawl playing a major role.<br /></p>

<p>Thank you for insightful WBF.<br /></p> Submit Cancel Ron Vierhout 2017-06-09T07:28:47-07:00 Hello, great post thank you for the information. On 4 nov 2017 Garry Illyes from Google stated the following: "No, in the mobile-first world content hidden for ux should have full weight." https://twitter.com/methode/status/794896464476418... Anny comment or input on this? 1 0 Reply <p>Hello, great post thank you for the information.</p>

<p>On 4 nov 2017 Garry Illyes from Google stated the following:<br />"No, in the mobile-first world content hidden for ux should have full weight."</p>

<p><a href="https://twitter.com/methode/status/794896464476418048?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&amp;ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.searchenginejournal.com%2Fgoogle-says-now-ok-put-content-behind-tabs%2F178020%2F" rel="nofollow">https://twitter.com/methode/status/794896464476418...</a><br /></p>

<p>Anny comment or input on this?</p> Submit Cancel Ewan Kennedy 2017-06-09T07:30:10-07:00 I suppose it fits with common sense that hidden content is likely to rank lower but it's great to see pretty conclusive proof from Reboot Online. 1 0 Reply <p>I suppose it fits with common sense that hidden content is likely to rank lower but it's great to see pretty conclusive proof from Reboot Online.</p> Submit Cancel Gillon Hunter 2017-06-09T06:39:11-07:00 Same deal for accordions I'm assuming? For me the biggest challenge with all this will be when the index eventually goes mobile. With that in mind, maybe Google is working on ways to better handle "hidden text" as the last thing you want on a small device is 3000 words of text before the call to action :) 1 0 Reply <p>Same deal for accordions I'm assuming?</p>

<p>For me the biggest challenge with all this will be when the index eventually goes mobile. </p>

<p>With that in mind, maybe Google is working on ways to better handle "hidden text" as the last thing you want on a small device is 3000 words of text before the call to action :)</p> Submit Cancel Gerry Foster 2017-06-09T06:33:57-07:00 Anyone who can answer? How is text that is within an ajax hover element, or set to opacity 0 with a fade in element treated? 1 0 Reply <p> Anyone who can answer? How is text that is within an ajax hover element, or set to opacity 0 with a fade in element treated?</p> Submit Cancel Cory Beevers 2017-06-09T07:54:15-07:00 Cheers Rand! Always look forward to Whiteboard Friday and this is why. Thank you for this. Imagine if we had css hiding the text from the eye but totally seeable in the back end code. So if we had CSS code only letting users read the text when they hover over? Can this be bad SEO? CoryEmbryo edited 2017-06-09T07:55:15-07:00 1 0 Reply <p>Cheers Rand! Always look forward to Whiteboard Friday and this is why. Thank you for this. Imagine if we had css hiding the text from the eye but totally seeable in the back end code. So if we had CSS code only letting users read the text when they hover over? Can this be bad SEO?</p> Submit Cancel PopArt-Studio 2017-06-09T06:40:50-07:00 Hi, Rand - thanks for this video and the link -- I'm going to have to read it carefully a bit later. What I find fascinating is that, to me, it's a real bummer if I have to click on the Read More button - even though it helps with the statistics and the measurements... Kinda ruins UX, I guess... Take care and hope to see more next week! 1 0 Reply <p>Hi, Rand - thanks for this video and the link -- I'm going to have to read it carefully a bit later.</p>

<p>What I find fascinating is that, to me, it's a real bummer if I have to click on the Read More button - even though it helps with the statistics and the measurements... Kinda ruins UX, I guess...</p>

<p>Take care and hope to see more next week!</p> Submit Cancel Dennison Packer 2017-06-09T08:11:48-07:00 To what extent does this differentiation in weighting go when it comes to "hidden text" techniques? Rand didn't mention toggle/accordion HTML features, but I'm wondering if this applies to them also? Very important to consider. 1 0 Reply <p>To what extent does this differentiation in weighting go when it comes to "hidden text" techniques? Rand didn't mention toggle/accordion HTML features, but I'm wondering if this applies to them also? Very important to consider.</p> Submit Cancel matt463789 2017-06-09T12:12:24-07:00 With this in mind, what are the general advantages of using hidden text? Is it just an aesthetic preference or would it theoretically help reduce page load times? 1 0 Reply <p>With this in mind, what are the general advantages of using hidden text? Is it just an aesthetic preference or would it theoretically help reduce page load times?</p> Submit Cancel Sadie Shackelford 2017-06-09T12:51:52-07:00 After years of advising design teams not to place content behind tabs, I recently read that Google has stopped equating tabbed content with cloaking. If articles on other sites are to be believed, this is a very recent development, part of Google's understanding that majority-mobile audiences like the organizational structure of tabs. I was hoping to see that addressed here... any word from Moz-land on this? 1 0 Reply <p>After years of advising design teams not to place content behind tabs, I recently read that Google has stopped equating tabbed content with cloaking. If articles on other sites are to be believed, this is a very recent development, part of Google's understanding that majority-mobile audiences like the organizational structure of tabs.</p>

<p>I was hoping to see that addressed here... any word from Moz-land on this?<br /></p> Submit Cancel mgordon 2017-06-09T11:25:28-07:00 Thanks for the WBF and the confirmation on this subject. This was something that we changed on our site about 2 weeks ago and have seen the positive results. Does the animation of text coming into view discount the text as well? There are some cool features that Visual Composer (wordpress theme) uses to have the text "float" into view as the user scrolls down... is this bad? 1 0 Reply <p>Thanks for the WBF  and the confirmation on this subject. This was something that we changed on  our site about 2 weeks ago and have seen the positive results. </p>

<p>Does the animation of text coming into view discount the text as well?  There are some cool features that Visual Composer  (wordpress theme) uses to have the text "float" into view as the user scrolls down... is this bad? </p>

<p><br /></p> Submit Cancel KadirKr 2017-06-09T09:30:51-07:00 what about AMP page? Can you provide some information regarding amp page . Because I have implement amp on Trickspaid but have seen no improvement in ranking. FeliciaCrawford edited 2017-06-09T21:30:11-07:00 1 0 Reply <p>what about AMP page?  Can you provide some information regarding amp page . Because I have implement amp on Trickspaid but have seen no improvement in ranking. </p> Submit Cancel PinCrafters 2017-06-09T08:39:37-07:00 How does this impact backlinks that are being loaded via JavaScript or CSS? Will a link loaded via javascript not give as much of a SEO benefit to the third party site? 1 0 Reply <p>How does this impact backlinks that are being loaded via JavaScript or CSS? Will a link loaded via javascript not give as much of a SEO benefit to the third party site?</p> Submit Cancel Gerry Foster 2017-06-09T06:33:15-07:00 Anyone who can answer? How is text that is within an ajax hover element, or set to opacity 0 with a fade in element treated? 1 0 Reply <p>Anyone who can answer? How is text that is within an ajax hover element, or set to opacity 0 with a fade in element treated?</p> Submit Cancel Ron Vierhout 2017-06-09T07:33:22-07:00 I would say that the 0 opacity could probably be considered hidden content. Check your cached page, is the content visible for the search bot, but not for visitors, this could be considered hidden content. If not, than the content will not be found @all. (sorry for my english) Hope it helps. 1 0 Reply <p>I would say that the 0 opacity could probably be considered hidden content. Check your cached page, is the content visible for the search bot, but not for visitors, this could be considered hidden content. If not, than the content will not be found @all.</p>

<p>(sorry for my english) Hope it helps.</p> Submit Cancel Mathias Kresler 2017-06-09T06:23:08-07:00 Last year, I launched a few online shops, all in WordPress with a WooCommerce plugin, and they all had implemented microdata. In this case, all the shops had hidden product description markup, and outranked other shops with a description of the products in the excerpt. It seems to me that with classic websites (local business, etc.) the situation is slightly different, that is - exactly like you described it in this article. mathias.kresler edited 2017-06-09T21:31:07-07:00 1 0 Reply <p>Last year, I launched a few online shops, all in WordPress with a WooCommerce plugin, and they all had implemented microdata. In this case, all the shops had hidden product description markup, and outranked other shops with a description of the products in the excerpt. It seems to me that with classic websites (local business, etc.) the situation is slightly different, that is - exactly like you described it in this article.<br /></p> Submit Cancel Eddie Dunkerley 2017-06-09T02:19:24-07:00 When used correctly the dynamic loading of content can provide a very nice user experience. It also can have the affect of reducing the number of pages/URLs that you have on a website because instead or directing users to a new page the content appears on the same URL. From a broader perspective this must be a challenge for the Search Engines. Traditional page/keyword targetting is not as straightforward with this methodology and in theory you can serve a whole site from a single URL.....from what you say this obviously not a wise tactic just now but is that a realistic direction of travel. I am not suggesting the URL will die (can it?) Also...if Search Engines are making an effort to read the dynamically loaded content how can they provide the Searcher with a link that will automatically show that hidden content. this has really made me think and sorry for doing that out loud here. 1 0 Reply <p>When used correctly the dynamic loading of content can provide a very nice user experience. It also can have the affect of reducing the number of pages/URLs that you have on a website because instead or directing users to a new page the content appears on the same URL. From a broader perspective this must be a challenge for the Search Engines. Traditional page/keyword targetting is not as straightforward with this methodology and in theory you can serve a whole site from a single URL.....from what you say this obviously not a wise tactic just now but is that a realistic direction of travel. I am not suggesting the URL will die (can it?)</p>

<p>Also...if Search Engines are making an effort to read the dynamically loaded content how can they provide the Searcher with a link that will automatically show that hidden content.</p>

<p>this has really made me think and sorry for doing that out loud here.</p> Submit Cancel UPMC 2017-06-09T03:26:59-07:00 Very helpful post! My team often receives push back when we recommend not using expand/collapse or accordions and tabbed content. Hopefully, this will help us strengthen the argument 1 0 Reply <p>Very helpful post! My team often receives push back when we recommend not using expand/collapse or accordions and tabbed content. Hopefully, this will help us strengthen the argument</p> Submit Cancel Tom Etherington 2017-06-09T02:14:23-07:00 Great WBF as always, Rand. I've always recommended the best practices that you've outlined, however, I'm not as sure now due to the upcoming mobile-first index. How do you think this will affect things? Gary Illyes has said that content that's in accordions or hidden behind 'read more' will be given full weight if done for user experience purposes as it makes sense on mobile. tometherington edited 2017-06-09T21:30:26-07:00 1 0 Reply <p>Great WBF as always, Rand.</p>

<p>I've always recommended the best practices that you've outlined, however, I'm not as sure now due to the upcoming mobile-first index. How do you think this will affect things?<br /></p>

<p>Gary Illyes has said that content that's in accordions or hidden behind 'read more' will be given full weight if done for user experience purposes as it makes sense on mobile.</p> Submit Cancel Praveen Sharma 2017-06-09T00:40:04-07:00 Interesting WBF, Rand! I am no expert here, but as a user, I do like to read content on the go without wanting to see any advertisements in between. Similarly, a read more link with an advertisement beneath it doesn't seem to be a nice user experience for me. On the other hand, if this is something done to capture if the readers are interested in the content or not by capturing their clicks on 'read more' link, I think that's the wrong metric to analyze that. Many times, users just click on a read more link out of curiosity to see what's there to read more, or, they just click to see if there is really something to read more or not, and that's surely not going to give us the real intent of the click. To measure if the content is liked by the readers or not, I would like to check some other metrics instead, like its social shares, comments, referral social media traffic, backlinks, etc. This can give us a fair idea about our content's success or failure. As a good practice to hide content for long posts, one can follow Wikipedia's example how they do that for their mobile users. It's even recommended by Matt Cutts back in 2013 - Matt on Hidden Text - SEL. Thanks 2 1 Reply <p>Interesting WBF, Rand!</p>

<p>I am no expert here, but as a user, I do like to read content on the go without wanting to see any advertisements in between. Similarly, a read more link with an advertisement beneath it doesn't seem to be a nice user experience for me.</p>

<p>On the other hand, if this is something done to capture if the readers are interested in the content or not by capturing their clicks on 'read more' link, I think that's the wrong metric to analyze that. Many times, users just click on a read more link out of curiosity to see what's there to read more, or, they just click to see if there is really something to read more or not, and that's surely not going to give us the <em><strong>real</strong> intent</em> of the click.</p>

<p>To measure if the content is liked by the readers or not, I would like to check some other metrics instead, like its social shares, comments, referral social media traffic, backlinks, etc. This can give us a fair idea about our content's success or failure.</p>

<p>As a good practice to hide content for long posts, one can follow Wikipedia's example how they do that for their mobile users. It's even recommended by Matt Cutts back in 2013 - <a href="http://searchengineland.com/googles-matt-cutts-on-hidden-text-using-expandable-sections-youll-be-in-good-shape-167753" rel="nofollow">Matt on Hidden Text - SEL</a>.</p>

<p>Thanks</p> Submit Cancel Toni_Amarres 2017-06-09T00:36:51-07:00 Really useful whiteboard. Long time since I didn´t think about it, but the question was on my mind until now. Thanks to solve it ;-) For my blog I´ll keep using the "Read more" tag, because I think is better for the user experience, but put the valuable keywords in the top part is a really good point and it will become a must for me. 1 0 Reply <p>Really useful whiteboard. Long time since I didn´t think about it, but the question was on my mind until now. Thanks to solve it ;-)</p>

<p>For my blog I´ll keep using the "Read more" tag, because I think is better for the user experience, but put the valuable keywords in the top part is a really good point and it will become a must for me.</p> Submit Cancel Patrick Stox 2017-06-09T06:26:38-07:00 I'm a little disappointed by this WBF Rand. It's a great topic of course but there's no mention of how this will be changing with the upcoming mobile-first index where Gary Illyes has said hidden text will be given full weight instead of partial. This is really important for usability and I hope you'll do an update when that is live. The other important element missed here is that much of the "hidden text" out there isn't actually loaded into the DOM until clicked. If that's the case, then Google can't actually see it and won't give it any weight at all. Basically, the distinction between loaded in the DOM and hidden and only loaded in the DOM when clicked needs to be covered. 1 0 Reply <p>I'm a little disappointed by this WBF Rand. It's a great topic of course but there's no mention of how this will be changing with the upcoming mobile-first index where Gary Illyes has said hidden text will be given full weight instead of partial. This is really important for usability and I hope you'll do an update when that is live. The other important element missed here is that much of the "hidden text" out there isn't actually loaded into the DOM until clicked. If that's the case, then Google can't actually see it and won't give it any weight at all. Basically, the distinction between loaded in the DOM and hidden and only loaded in the DOM when clicked needs to be covered.</p> Submit Cancel Gutsu 2017-06-09T03:33:01-07:00 Had read the full article from reboot online a few days ago, hopefully a little abstract will help people who doesn't want to dive too deep into data! I have just a little question: except in the thanks parts, you didn't mentioned the text-area method to hide text, which seems to have similar result than no hidden-text at. Why not talking about it and what do you think about this method? 1 0 Reply <p>Had read the full article from reboot online a few days ago, hopefully a little abstract will help people who doesn't want to dive too deep into data!<br /><br />I have just a little question: except in the thanks parts, you didn't mentioned the text-area method to hide text, which seems to have similar result than no hidden-text at. Why not talking about it and what do you think about this method?</p> Submit Cancel Bob Comer 2017-06-09T06:07:54-07:00 This is really a nice and informative.Much obliged for making such a cool post which is truly exceptionallywell written.Thanks for sharing it 1 0 Reply <p>This is really a nice and informative.Much obliged for making such a cool post which is truly exceptionallywell written.Thanks for sharing it</p> Submit Cancel Aida_Granada 2017-06-09T06:09:36-07:00 Thanks for clarification around hidden text supported by the tests that Reboot Online was performing. Luckily we don´t use CSS or Javascript for this purposes but instead we link to a new page. I am assuming that the old technique of opening the "read more" button in a new page is outside of this problem. If B is a new landing page with the specific content the user wants to read it should outrank A, right? I am going to change my short descriptions with the most relevant content of the full article (now I just have the beginning of it) but in my page we use the "read more" button to open a new page and now I´m concerned about ranking for the destination page with full article content. 1 0 Reply <p>Thanks for clarification around hidden text supported by the tests that Reboot Online was performing. Luckily we don´t use CSS or Javascript for this purposes but instead we link to a new page.</p>

<p>I am assuming that the old technique of opening the "read more" button in a new page is outside of this problem. If B is a new landing page with the specific content the user wants to read it should outrank A, right?</p>

<p>I am going to change my short descriptions with the most relevant content of the full article (now I just have the beginning of it) but in my page we use the "read more" button to open a new page and now I´m concerned about ranking for the destination page with full article content.</p> Submit Cancel Paulha 2017-06-09T05:40:44-07:00 Very Interesting! I guess "Read More" has become more relevant with the fact that mobile browsing is getting dominant. Although fully visible text seems better for user experience on a desktop but may not be ideal on a mobile device so Google might have to follow Bing and Yahoo. On a side note, my friend is looking to start a furnishing business and I can certainly suggest him to brand it as "Coconut marble furnishings" :) 1 0 Reply <p>Very Interesting! I guess "Read More" has become more relevant with the fact that mobile browsing is getting dominant. Although fully visible text seems better for user experience on a desktop but may not be ideal on a mobile device so Google might have to follow Bing and Yahoo. On a side note, my friend is looking to start a furnishing business and I can certainly suggest him to brand it as "<strong>C</strong><strong>oconut marble furnishings</strong>" :)</p> Submit Cancel muhmd 2017-06-09T04:16:08-07:00 Agree that by default hidden content gives less weight for search engine ranking. But is it for desktop or mobile ranking? Is it true that hidden and visible text 'well below the fold' will act similarly? Sometimes we want to display hidden content, creating a plain text transcript content and put in no script tag. It is a good way for visibility and maintaining user experience. In the case of using 'read more', you touch a crucial point and did a great job. BTW content relevancy, visibility, crawl-ability is most important for us and this time Moz new site crawl playing a major role. FeliciaCrawford edited 2017-06-09T21:31:04-07:00 1 0 Reply <p>Agree that by default hidden content gives less weight for search engine ranking. But is it for desktop or mobile ranking?</p>

<p>Is it true that hidden and visible text 'well below the fold' will act similarly? Sometimes we want to display hidden content, creating a plain text transcript content and put in no script tag. It is a good way for visibility and maintaining user experience.<br />In the case of using 'read more', you touch a crucial point and did a great job. BTW content relevancy, visibility, crawl-ability is most important for us and this time Moz new site crawl playing a major role.</p> Submit Cancel Rich Owings 2017-06-09T03:42:39-07:00 I believe Google has said that hidden text such as this will no longer be devalued once they role out mobile-first indexing. 1 0 Reply <p>I believe Google has said that hidden text such as this will no longer be devalued once they role out mobile-first indexing.</p> Submit Cancel sivaprasad kun 2017-06-09T03:20:17-07:00 Thank you for providing such a wonderful list of new website as i hardly needed them. Thank you so much once again. Keep it up 1 12 Reply <p>Thank you for providing such a wonderful list of new website as i hardly needed them.</p>

<p>Thank you so much once again. Keep it up</p> Submit Cancel Kuldeep Sharma 2017-06-09T05:23:42-07:00 Nice try, but it is not working. Totally inappropriate. Kuldeep-Sharma edited 2017-06-09T05:24:24-07:00 2 0 Reply <p>Nice try, but it is not working. Totally inappropriate.</p> Submit Cancel + Add Comment Post Analytics Visits Pageviews Avg. Time on Page Direct Traffic Search Traffic Referral Traffic N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Yikes, looks like something went wrong. Please try again later. Get fresh SEO data, insights, and tracking Learn More About Moz Pro Log in to Moz Remember Me Forgot Password Log In Don't have an account? Join the Moz Community to add a comment, give something a thumbs up/down, and get enhanced access to free tools! Sign Up Contact Products API Terms & Privacy Jobs Help Copyright 2017 © Moz, Inc. All rights reserved. Back to Top SEO Tools Keyword Research SEO Audit & Crawl Backlink Research Rank Tracking SEO Toolbar Local Marketing Business Listings Audit Citation Cleanup Local Ranking Factors Local For Enterprise Marketing Resources Moz Blog Beginner’s Guide To SEO Community Q&A Workshops & Training Recommended SEO Companies Get the Moz Top 10 The 10 most valuable pieces of content we can find for SEOs. Every 2 weeks.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Your browser does not support Javascript. Please turn Javascript on to get the best experience from rte.ie News Sport Entertainment Business Lifestyle Culture Player TV Radio More Today 17° to 21° Tonight 10° to 13° Go Weather Aertel Watch Live Lotto Jobs Apps RTÉ Archives Century Ireland Gaeilge RTÉ Orchestras RTÉ Shop   TRTÉ RTÉ Jr About RTÉ Blog News Business Brexit Bites Technology Markets Economy Analysis SoftBank to buy robotics businesses from Alphabet Updated / Friday, 9 Jun 2017 12:53 SoftBank in deal for robot firms Boston Dynamics and Tokyo-based Schaft SoftBank Group said it would buy two firms that build walking robots from Google's parent company, Alphabet, adding to the Japanese company's growing artificial intelligence portfolio.  SoftBank said it would buy Boston Dynamics and Tokyo-based Schaft, which design and manufacture robots that simulate human movement. Terms of the transactions were not disclosed.  Shares of the company rose as much as 7.9% after the deal was announced, hitting a 17-year high.  "Smart robotics are going to be a key driver of the next stage of the information revolution, and Marc (Raibert) and his team at Boston Dynamics are the clear technology leaders in advanced dynamic robots," SoftBank Group Chairman Masayoshi Son said in a statement.  Raibert is CEO and founder of Boston Dynamics.  SoftBank has embarked on an aggressive acquisition campaign to boost its research and development capabilities.  The group is backing the $93 billion Vision Fund, the world's largest private equity fund that seeks to invest in technologies expected to grow significantly in the near future, such as robotics and artificial intelligence. Son, Japan's richest man, describes the fund as essential for setting up SoftBank for a data "gold rush" which he expects to happen as the global economy becomes increasingly digitised.  Boston Dynamics and Schaft could eventually be vested with the Vision Fund, a person familiar with the deal told Reuters.  Schaft, a University of Tokyo spinoff, develops bipedal robots designed to negotiate uneven terrain.  "Robotics as a field has great potential, and we're happy to see Boston Dynamics and Schaft join the SoftBank team to continue contributing to the next generation of robotics," an Alphabet spokesperson said. Boston Dynamics has produced a number of robots that mimic human and animal movement, including Atlas, a humanoid model that co-ordinates motion and balance using its arms and legs and can pick itself up off the ground when knocked over.  It is best known for building robots that look as if they belong in science-fiction movies and are often co-developed or funded by the US military.  Its military projects would mean the acquisition is likely to be subject to regulatory approval from Committee on Foreign Investment in the US.  The company was acquired by Google in 2013 during a robotics shopping spree led by Android creator Andy Rubin, but the team struggled to find its place within the tech giant after Rubin's departure, former Boston Dynamics employees said.  More on News Science and Technology Business Technology Business softbank alphabet boston dynamics Schaft Most Read 1Sterling recovers from sharp drop after UK result18:30 2AIB's IPO timetable 'designed to cater for UK election'14:46 3Economic impact of Westminster shock17:57 4Even before new political chaos, UK economy was limping15:35 5Car sales slow down by 5.4% in May - CSO11:40 Source: Reuters More for you. Most Read 1Sterling recovers from sharp drop after UK result18:30 2AIB's IPO timetable 'designed to cater for UK election'14:46 3Economic impact of Westminster shock17:57 4Even before new political chaos, UK economy was limping15:35 5Car sales slow down by 5.4% in May - CSO11:40 Read News Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Culture Business Weather Gaeilge Watch & Listen RTÉ Player RTÉ Player International RTÉ Live TV Radio RTÉ Services RTÉ Archives RTÉ Orchestras RTÉ Shop Century Ireland Lotto RTÉ Aertel Youth TRTÉ RTÉJr Help Contact Feedback Complaints Terms & Conditions Data Protection Privacy Statement Information Information About RTÉ License Fee Careers Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn SAORVIEW Follow RTÉ RTÉ.ie is the website of Raidió Teilifís Éireann, Ireland's National Public Service Broadcaster. RTÉ is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Images courtesy of Inpho.ie and Getty Images © RTÉ 2017 X Dismiss Important information regarding cookies and RTÉ.ie By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with the RTÉ Cookie Policy. For more information on cookies see our cookie policy.
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: This is when the Pixel and Nexus phones will stop receiving phone and online support Newsby Scott Adam Gordon19 hours ago 25 707 38 Google has updated its Android versions help page with information regarding telephone and online support for its range of devices. According to its “Minimum update & support periods table,” the Google Pixel phones will not receive “guaranteed telephone or online support” from October 2019. As for the Nexus range, only the Nexus 6, 9, 5X and 6P are still receiving phone and online support, with the cutoff for the Nexus 6 and 9 coming October 2017, and October 2018 for the 5X and 6P. These dates also match the end of security updates for the respective handsets. See also: Deal: Google offers $75 off Pixel or Pixel XL when spending $750 or more with financing 4 days ago What this means is that you won’t be able to contact Google for specific device help from the aforementioned periods. Other OEMs have similar policies to Google on support, though few of them provide an official page where the information is accessible to customers. For more details on Google product support, you can view the help page here. If you just want to know when your handset might get the latest version of Android, visit our Android Nougat update tracker article at the link. News Google, Google Pixel, Google Nexus Google, Google Nexus, Google Pixel  Google Support Scott Adam Gordon Scott Adam Gordon is a European correspondent for Android Authority. Originally from the UK, Scott has been tinkering with Android phones since 2011 and writing about them full-time since 2014. He now lives in Berlin with three roommates he never sees. Befriend him on Twitter and Google+ at the links. Show 25 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 6 days ago45 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Home NEWS Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events ABOUT US ADVERTISING CONTACT US Home NEWS Carrie Ann , June 9, 2017 IKEA NASA Collaboration to Make Furniture Resembling Life in Space Anna Domanska , June 9, 2017 Data Center Company Digital Realty Buys DuPont Fabros in $7.6 Billion All Stock Deal Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Anna Domanska , June 9, 2017 The Billion Dollar Question: Why did Google offload Boston Dynamics? Carrie Ann , June 8, 2017 Airbnb’s Open Homes Platform to House 10,000 Refugees Real Soon Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Christy Gren , June 2, 2017 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Carrie Ann , April 6, 2017 Humor at Work: The road less traveled by which leads to Success Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Anna Domanska , June 6, 2017 India Cementing its Positions as World Leader in Renewable Energy Christy Gren , May 29, 2017 India is the Fastest Growing Economy in the World As Per Q1 Poll Results Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events IKEA NASA Collaboration to Make Furniture Resembling Life in Space Data Center Company Digital Realty Buys DuPont Fabros in $7.6 Billion All Stock Deal The Billion Dollar Question: Why did Google offload Boston Dynamics? Softbank Acquires Boston Dynamics- Is This The End of Google’s Robotic Dreams? Porsche 911 Exudes Power but in a Limited Quantity Alphabet’s Drone-tracking System to Avoid Aerial Mishaps Home NEWS Softbank Acquires Boston Dynamics- Is This The End of Google’s Robotic Dreams? Softbank Acquires Boston Dynamics- Is This The End of Google’s Robotic Dreams? Softbank Acquires Boston Dynamics- Is This The End of Google’s Robotic Dreams? NEWS SHARE Christy Gren , June 9, 2017 / 133 0 The 25-year old lab, Boston Dynamics, is the most promising robotics company the world has seen. It is a company spun out of the famous Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). The way this MIT spinout has developed robots and its work in the area of robotic engineering makes us wonder if it will be the one to usher into a new age of robotics. Some of its robots like the Atlas and Handle are truly a piece of enigma. Today, the biggest news in the tech world is the acquisition of Boston Dynamics by SoftBank, a tech and telecommunications company of Japan. So what will happen next is the question on every tech person’s mind. Boston Dynamics' Robot- Handle (Picture Credits- Boston Dynamics) Boston Dynamics in the Hands of SoftBank Google’s Andy Rubin, the co-founder of Android, was heading the acquisitions of a handful of robotic firms during his tenure at the company. He was a prominent name in the Boston Dynamic’s acquisition. The Verge reports that this division was internally known as Replicant and it went haywire after the departure of Rubin. This left the future of robotic companies under Alphabet in a flux. Back in March 2016, there was also news that Alphabet planned to sell the 25-year old Boston Dynamics. After which, it is recently acquired by SoftBank. However, the terms of the deal is undisclosed. Boston Dynamics' Robot- Atlas (Picture Credits- Boston Dynamics) Boston Dynamics has seen financial help from the U.S. government itself. The ‘Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency’has financially helped this company. The robotics company has also pioneered breakthrough robots that can change and adapt to real-world situations and terrain changes. Handle is a jumping robot that can even perform aerial acts and avoid obstacles easily. Why Alphabet Took the Decision Boston Dynamics' Robot- Atlas (Picture Credits- Boston Dynamics) Notably, there are no problems with the robotics company that was once owned by Alphabet. In fact, it is advancing by leaps and bounds, and no other robotics startup can match up to the level of tech that comes out of it. But it seems that Alphabet was clueless about what to do with its robotic company and ambitions. Even more, Alphabet’s CFO, Ruth Porat had set a cost-saving and re-structuring strategy last year. According to this strategy, the company did take some significant measures to cut down on its ‘experimental’ projects and continue to rule in the ‘moonshot’ projects, reports The Verge. It also reports that prior to this strategy and the hiring of Porat; Alphabet was already incurring loss as its robotic ambitions never took off. Boston Dynamics' Robot- Handle (Picture Credits- Boston Dynamics) Alphabet is a big name, probably enough big to fuel the robotics ambitions. But it seems that it does not want to spend more time and resources on the future. Rather, it is concentrating on its already established projects. If the robotics firm makes a breakthrough innovation under the leadership of SoftBank, there will certainly be a sense of loss or regret in Alphabet. But we think it is ready to leave its robotics dreams in the hands of the Japanese firm, SoftBank. Boston Dynamics Excited to Work with SoftBank Boston Dynamics' Robot- Atlas (Picture Credits- Boston Dynamics) Marc Raibert, the CEO and founder of the robotics company mentioned his views in a statement. He said that they are excited to be a part of the bold vision and the position of SoftBank that creates tech revolution. Raibert said that they share the belief of SoftBank that technological advances should be done for benefitting humanity. It seems that the robotics company which was once at cross with Alphabet has now found a suitable owner. Well, Alphabet it is really a huge loss and farewell to an ambition and SoftBank we would like to heartily congratulate you. Also, we await the amazing innovations this merger will bring to us in the future. Author Christy Gren Christy Gren is an Industry Specialist Reporter at Industry Leaders Magazine; she enjoys writing about Unicorns, Silicon Valley, Startups, and Business leaders and innovators. Her articles provide an insight about the Power Players in the field of Technology, Auto, Manufacturing, and F&B. Follow Christy Gren on Twitter, Facebook & Google. Tags: Alphabet, boston dynamics, robotics, SoftBank Next Article The Billion Dollar Question: Why did Google offload Boston Dynamics? Previous Article Porsche 911 Exudes Power but in a Limited Quantity Similar Articles Richard Meryn, May 5, 2011 Bentley Carrie Ann, July 14, 2014 China favours new-energy vehicles, waives purchase tax on electric cars Christy Gren, May 3, 2017 Small Business Owners Getting Cautious – Borrowing Stalls in March Related Posts Radical restructure required for the refining industry of Europe BlackBerry Acquires Voice-Security Specialist Secusmart, To Make Mobile Communications More Secure Shire to acquire specialty drugmaker NPS Pharmaceuticals for $5.2 Billion South Korean auto brands are closing gaps with Japanese competitors Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. CAPTCHA Code* 2017 CURRENT ISSUE Highlights Big Ticket Luxury Comes at a Price ‘Most Expensive Yachts’ Crowdfunded, Inc Tesla Heading To Make U.S. Car Industry No. 1 Again Imminent Trends Solar Industry to Enter a New Phase By 2020 Table of contents » Subscribe Now Already A Subscriber? Log In Past Issues (click cover to view the magazine) VIEW ALL PAST ISSUES » Get Connected 5,249 Followers 16,222 Followers 1,241 Followers RSS Feeds Most Popular Article Chan Zuckerberg Initiative raises $3 Billion for a disease-free future What will the looming U.S Government shut-down mean in real-terms? The Economics of Sony PlayStation Network & Qriocity Identity-Hacks Timothy Geithner: Raise U.S Debt Ceiling or Risk Default The Stop Online Piracy Act: What Industry Leaders Can Do About It Sign up for Daily post updates About Industry Leaders Magazine Widely seen as a CEO's Magazine, Industry Leaders is widely read by corporate executives and professionals from a wide spectrum of industries and business functions. The brand has a huge and loyal patronage amongst readers for its sharp... Read More Get Connected 5,249 Followers 16,222 Followers 1,241 Followers RSS Feeds Recent Posts IKEA NASA Collaboration to Make Furniture Resembling Life in Space Carrie Ann , June 9, 2017 Data Center Company Digital Realty Buys DuPont Fabros in $7.6 Billion All Stock Deal Anna Domanska , June 9, 2017 The Billion Dollar Question: Why did Google offload Boston Dynamics? Anna Domanska , June 9, 2017 Softbank Acquires Boston Dynamics- Is This The End of Google’s Robotic Dreams? Christy Gren , June 9, 2017 Other Navigation ABOUT US EVENTS ADVERTISING CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS & CONDITIONS SITEMAP CAREERS Leadership Story Of The Month leadership-story-of-the-month The Great Traits of Feminine Leadership! © Copyright 2016. All Rights Reserved. Industry Leaders Current Issue Highlights Big Ticket Luxury Comes at a Price ‘Most Expensive Yachts’ Crowdfunded, Inc Tesla Heading To Make U.S. Car Industry No. 1 Again Imminent Trends Solar Industry to Enter a New Phase By 2020 Table of contents » Subscribe Now × Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments PASSWORD RESET EMAIL Back to Login? Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments LOGIN EMAIL PASSWORD CAPTCHA Code Forgot Password?
Home NEWS Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events ABOUT US ADVERTISING CONTACT US Home NEWS Carrie Ann , June 9, 2017 IKEA NASA Collaboration to Make Furniture Resembling Life in Space Anna Domanska , June 9, 2017 Data Center Company Digital Realty Buys DuPont Fabros in $7.6 Billion All Stock Deal Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Anna Domanska , June 9, 2017 The Billion Dollar Question: Why did Google offload Boston Dynamics? Carrie Ann , June 8, 2017 Airbnb’s Open Homes Platform to House 10,000 Refugees Real Soon Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Christy Gren , June 2, 2017 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Carrie Ann , April 6, 2017 Humor at Work: The road less traveled by which leads to Success Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Anna Domanska , June 6, 2017 India Cementing its Positions as World Leader in Renewable Energy Christy Gren , May 29, 2017 India is the Fastest Growing Economy in the World As Per Q1 Poll Results Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events IKEA NASA Collaboration to Make Furniture Resembling Life in Space Data Center Company Digital Realty Buys DuPont Fabros in $7.6 Billion All Stock Deal The Billion Dollar Question: Why did Google offload Boston Dynamics? Softbank Acquires Boston Dynamics- Is This The End of Google’s Robotic Dreams? Porsche 911 Exudes Power but in a Limited Quantity Alphabet’s Drone-tracking System to Avoid Aerial Mishaps Home C-Suite The Billion Dollar Question: Why did Google offload Boston Dynamics? The Billion Dollar Question: Why did Google offload Boston Dynamics? The Billion Dollar Question: Why did Google offload Boston Dynamics? C-Suite Featured Leadership Redefined SHARE Anna Domanska , June 9, 2017 / 168 0 On Thursday, Japanese technology conglomerate SoftBank agreed to acquire two firms that build two- and four-legged walking robots from Alphabet Inc. SoftBank which sells its chatty humanoid robot Pepper will now add Boston Dynamics and Tokyo-based SHAFT, to its growing artificial intelligence portfolio. It did not reveal the terms of the deal. Soon as the deal was announced, SoftBank’s share peaked as much as 7.9 percent, tapping a 17-year high. Boston Dynamics, a maker of animal-themed robotic weapons will bring significant credibility to SoftBank’s robotic efforts led by Kent Yoshida. The SoftBank Boston Dynamics deal is an offloading of some of Google’s robotics investments. Between 2013 and 2014, Google snapped up a series of robotic acquisitions – including SCHAFT, Boston Dynamics, and Bot & Dolly – making it the most active acquirer of private robotics companies. Google’s Boston Dynamics acquisition eclipsing billions left tongues wagging. Andy Rubin, the man who built Android operating system, headed Google’s robotic division. The SoftBank Boston Dynamics deal is an offloading of some of Google’s robotics investments. Google's Flailing Robotics Arm The tension between Google and Boston Dynamics escalated in 2014, and soon after Andy Rubin left Replicant (Google’s robotics division). So what exactly happened? What led to Google’s decision to offload the two most brilliant acquisitions from 2013? When Boston Dynamics posted a video of a military robot Atlas, a bipedal capable of walking in the snow, picking up boxes and recovering from getting kicked, Google was not amused. The relationship was heading south when Google started pushing the team to work on a consumer-friendly product. Trouble started mounting soon after Rubin’s departure left a leadership vacuum. Many employees under Replicant felt disappointed by his departure. A year after, Google tried to take control of Replicant to learn what they were developing and how it could be translated into a consumer product. Basically, Google wanted a consumer friendly robot that could help with day-to-day tasks. The change in vision impelled Boston Dynamics to switch from hydraulic actuators and electric to only electric. And so, they decided to go in a different direction than what Google wanted. Boston Dynamics' Robot- Atlas (Picture Credits- Boston Dynamics) Internal Conflict An internal email from Courtney Hohne, a director of communications at Google and the spokeswoman for Google X, wrote in an email to “distance X from this video,” and that “we don't want to trigger a whole separate media cycle about where BD really is at Google.” Soon after, Google began talks with Toyota Research Institute to offload its robotics division Boston Dynamics. What followed was a flurry of senior executive departures. James Kuffner, the co-founder of Google’s robotics division, left the company to join Toyota’s artificial intelligence research lab. Joseph Bondaryk, the operations manager for Boston Dynamics also joined Toyota Research Institute. Other notable departures to Toyota Research Institute include Adam Geboff, senior systems and hardware engineer for Replicant, and Philipp Michel, who worked as a senior roboticist. Of course, the Boston Dynamics acquisition never materialized, and now the robotics company has a Japanese buyer. SoftBank Boston Dynamics Deal The enthusiasm SoftBank has been drumming up for years has met with little success. The company marketed Pepper aggressively after it was unveiled in 2014. It says the friendly humanoid is able to understand how people are feeling and react accordingly. After launching a few pilots with Pepper assisting customers in retail stores in 2016, the efforts eventually paid off. There are around 10,000 Pepper robots around the globe, including at a retail shop in Palo Alto, a Pizza Hut in Singapore, on cruise ships, at resort hotels and in homes across Japan. It’ll be interesting to see what fate awaits for Boston Dynamics and SCHAFT. There are valid concerns that SoftBank Boston Dynamics deal will go south. SoftBank has a lot of talent, intellectual property and tech at its disposal. Let's hope something truly amazing will come out of the SoftBank Boston Dynamics deal. We’ll keep you updated as learn more. Author Anna Domanska Follow Anna Domanska on Twitter, Facebook & Google. Tags: Boston Dynamics acquisition, robotic acquisitions, SoftBank Boston Dynamics Next Article Data Center Company Digital Realty Buys DuPont Fabros in $7.6 Billion All Stock Deal Previous Article Softbank Acquires Boston Dynamics- Is This The End of Google’s Robotic Dreams? Similar Articles Anna Domanska, November 16, 2012 Titanium Metals Takeover Bid: $2.9 Billion Offer from Precision Castparts Anna Domanska, November 25, 2014 Creating solar, wind power now is as cheap as other energy sources Anna Domanska, June 5, 2017 Why is SoftBank Investing in India’s Solar Ambitions? Related Posts Asian market rallies on ECB comments Coca-Cola and will.i.am collaborate on Ekocycle Cube Printer to Boost Innovative Recycling Trouble Brewing at Citigroup, Pulls out of 11 Countries, Co-President Medina-Mora Plans to Leave Dell Launches Venue 10 7000 Tablet, Starts At $499 Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. CAPTCHA Code* 2017 CURRENT ISSUE Highlights Big Ticket Luxury Comes at a Price ‘Most Expensive Yachts’ Crowdfunded, Inc Tesla Heading To Make U.S. Car Industry No. 1 Again Imminent Trends Solar Industry to Enter a New Phase By 2020 Table of contents » Subscribe Now Already A Subscriber? Log In Past Issues (click cover to view the magazine) VIEW ALL PAST ISSUES » Get Connected 5,249 Followers 16,222 Followers 1,241 Followers RSS Feeds Most Popular Article Chan Zuckerberg Initiative raises $3 Billion for a disease-free future What will the looming U.S Government shut-down mean in real-terms? The Economics of Sony PlayStation Network & Qriocity Identity-Hacks Timothy Geithner: Raise U.S Debt Ceiling or Risk Default The Stop Online Piracy Act: What Industry Leaders Can Do About It Sign up for Daily post updates About Industry Leaders Magazine Widely seen as a CEO's Magazine, Industry Leaders is widely read by corporate executives and professionals from a wide spectrum of industries and business functions. The brand has a huge and loyal patronage amongst readers for its sharp... Read More Get Connected 5,249 Followers 16,222 Followers 1,241 Followers RSS Feeds Recent Posts IKEA NASA Collaboration to Make Furniture Resembling Life in Space Carrie Ann , June 9, 2017 Data Center Company Digital Realty Buys DuPont Fabros in $7.6 Billion All Stock Deal Anna Domanska , June 9, 2017 The Billion Dollar Question: Why did Google offload Boston Dynamics? Anna Domanska , June 9, 2017 Softbank Acquires Boston Dynamics- Is This The End of Google’s Robotic Dreams? Christy Gren , June 9, 2017 Other Navigation ABOUT US EVENTS ADVERTISING CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS & CONDITIONS SITEMAP CAREERS Leadership Story Of The Month leadership-story-of-the-month The Great Traits of Feminine Leadership! © Copyright 2016. All Rights Reserved. Industry Leaders Current Issue Highlights Big Ticket Luxury Comes at a Price ‘Most Expensive Yachts’ Crowdfunded, Inc Tesla Heading To Make U.S. Car Industry No. 1 Again Imminent Trends Solar Industry to Enter a New Phase By 2020 Table of contents » Subscribe Now × Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments PASSWORD RESET EMAIL Back to Login? Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments LOGIN EMAIL PASSWORD CAPTCHA Code Forgot Password?
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Amazon kills off its $60 unlimited annual cloud storage deal Amazon has withdrawn its $60-a-year unlimited cloud storage plan that it launched two years ago. By Liam Tung | June 9, 2017 -- 10:23 GMT (03:23 PDT) | Topic: Cloud Instead of $60 unlimited storage, Amazon now offers 100GB for $11.99 and 1TB for $59.99 a year. Image: Amazon Amazon's $60-a-year cloud storage smorgasbord is over but it's still offering a better deal than many rivals. Along with unlimited storage, Amazon has also cut the $12-a-year plan for unlimited photos. However, Prime subscribers will still get unlimited photo storage as part of their membership, similar to Google's unlimited photos offer via its Photos app. Amazon now offers 100GB for $11.99 and 1TB for $59.99 a year. Customers can rent up to 30TB space at a flat rate of $59.99 per GB. The new plan rolled out on Thursday but customers who have an existing unlimited storage plan will continue to have that until their year expires. Customers with auto-renew or who are using less than 1TB will be transferred to the 1TB tier. As with Apple and Microsoft, new sign-ups still get 5GB free storage, compared with Google's more generous free 15GB starter. Amazon introduced the unlimited storage option in March 2015 as competition was heating up for consumer storage services. It dramatically cut its former pricing that ranged from 20GB for $10 a year to 1TB for $500. The move followed unlimited storage offers from Microsoft and Google, which put Amazon Web Services infrastructure in more direct competition with its two rivals for consumers. Even without unlimited storage, Amazon's storage prices significantly undercut its rivals. Google by comparison currently offers 100GB for $19.99 a year, 1TB for $99.99 a year, and 10TB for $99.99 a month. Apple just this week also rearranged its iCloud offers. It dropped the 1TB tier for $9.99 per month, or $119 per year, and replaced it with 2TB at the same price. The 200GB tier costs $2.99 per month, or $35 per year, and the 50GB tier costs $0.99 per month, or $11.88 per year. More on Amazon and cloud storage Storj introduces a distributed blockchain-protected cloud storage service Microsoft, AWS and Google may have just started the next cloud computing price war Google refreshes its cloud storage, slashes prices to a new low The cloud price war continues: Amazon cuts its cloud storage prices, again Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Cloud The dumbest passwords people still use Cloud ​Storage, networking markets see mixed demand in Q1 Cloud Microsoft to shut down its Docs.com file-sharing site December 15 Cloud What Alibaba can teach us about digital transformation × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos letters editorials Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition US edition: switch to the UK edition UK switch to the US switch to the Australia edition AU switch to the International edition INT jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters digital newspaper archive crosswords Facebook Twitter UK politics US world science US politics business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Politics Politics live with Andrew Sparrow Politics Live - readers' edition: Friday 20 February Share breaking news, leave links to interesting articles online and chat about the week’s political events in our open thread This liveblog has concluded – follow our 2017 election results coverage here Updated The Houses of Parliament in Westminster, central London. Photograph: Tim Ireland/PA Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close James Walsh and Guardian readers Friday 9 June 2017 08.37 EDT First published on Friday 20 February 2015 03.40 EST Live feed Show 8.37am EDT 08:37 That’s it from us today. Have a good weekend, everyone. Thanks for all the comments. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.39am EDT 07:39 That’s it from us today. Have a good weekend, everyone. Thanks for all the comments. Updated at 7.41am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.35am EDT 07:35 That’s it from us today. Have a good weekend, everyone. Thanks for all the comments. Updated at 7.41am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.14am EDT 07:14 That’s it from us today. Have a good weekend, everyone. Thanks for all the comments. Updated at 7.41am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.53pm EST 12:53 That’s it from us today. Have a good weekend, everyone. Thanks for all the comments. Updated at 10.49am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.07am EST 10:07 A local council by-election update from AnatolyKasparov. AnatolyKasparov 20 February 2015 2:18pm One local council by-election yesterday: Carmarthenshire - Labour hold, narrowly beating the Plaid candidate in what had been a knife edge three way marginal in 2012; the other of the 2 seats here being taken by the localist People First group - formed by a former Plaid councillor who has some following locally - and Plaid narrowly missing out after polling just a handful fewer votes than Labour overall. Plaid may be disappointed not to have won given that they easily took both places here in 2008 and split the ward with Labour in 2004 (though they comfortably won most votes overall then due to Labour only fielding one candidate) whilst after topping the poll overall last time, PF saw their vote crash by over two thirds - coming fourth behind UKIP who outpolled them by almost 2 to 1 as they got 15% in their first contest here. PF were also only just ahead of an Independent - though their vote was also well down on three years ago - whilst a Tory candidate (their first showing here since 2004) came last with 5%. No principal level contests next week, but four to begin March. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.39am EST 09:39 A little later than usual, but here’s today’s Populus poll, showing Labour with a one point lead. Populus (@PopulusPolls) Latest Populus VI: Lab 32 (-1), Con 31 (-), LD 9 (-1), UKIP 17 (+2), Others 12 (+1). Tables here http://t.co/k5eWX3IspJ February 20, 2015 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.50am EST 08:50 It may have been a quieter than average week, but that’s no excuse not to do the Guardian’s weekly politics quiz. Do let us know how you got on. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.45am EST 07:45 Could Labour’s ‘Vote SNP, get Tory’ message to Scottish voters backfire? This was one of the conclusions of our survey of Scottish swing voters, who singled out Labour’s perceived closeness to the Tories during the independence campaign and their failure to challenge the “pro-austerity” consensus as key reasons for switching the the Scottish National Party in May. Updated at 10.49am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.15am EST 06:15 George Osborne has broken his silence over HSBC Switzerland, reports Rowena Mason. George Osborne has washed his hands of responsibility for prosecutions against people who evaded tax through HSBC Switzerland after more than a week of silence on the issue. The chancellor said the allegations were very serious but such decisions were a matter for the prosecuting authorities - a principle that has been “one of the bulwarks of freedom in this country for hundreds of years”. “I don’t think it would be right - and actually when you pause to think about it I think most people would agree - I don’t think it would be right for a chancellor of the exchequer to direct prosecutions against individuals or individual companies,” he told an audience at the Tate on the Southbank in London. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.51am EST 05:51 Which party will have the most seats in May? Commenters have been discussing the various permutations, but it seems likely that no party will have an overall majority. The Economist have published this interesting long read on the future of Britain’s electoral system. Is ‘first past the post’ fit for purpose? Britain may muddle along, as it has done when its electoral system has creaked in the past. Weak governments in the 1970s gave way to more than a decade of handsome Tory majorities as FPTP squashed the attempts of the Liberals, allied to the Labour absconders in the Social Democratic Party, to split the two-party system. (In the 1983 election Labour, with 28% of the vote, got 209 seats; the SDP-Liberal alliance, with 25%, got 23.) People seeing their votes for small parties wasted and no likelihood of that changing might return to Labour or the Tories—one of which might yet come up with a leader and programme that appeals both to its ideologically hardcore members and to centrist voters. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.39am EST 03:39 Andrew is not writing his usual Politics Live blog today but, as an alternative, here’s Politics Live: readers’ edition. It’s intended to be a place where you can catch up with the latest news and find links to good politics blogs and articles on the web. Please feel free to use this as somewhere you can comment on any of the day’s political stories - just as you do during the daily blog. It would be particularly useful for readers to flag up new material in the comments - breaking news or blogposts or tweets that are worth passing on because someone is going to find them interesting. As we’re now in a general election year, there’s plenty to talk about. With this in mind, we are going to update the readers’ edition throughout the day, with polls, talking points and material flagged up by readers. All today’s Guardian politics stories are here, and all the politics stories filed yesterday, including some in today’s paper, are here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close Topics Politics Politics live with Andrew Sparrow Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion letters editorials sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video podcasts digital archive Politics › General election 2015 UK politics US world science US politics business back to top jobs become a supporter make a contribution guardian labs about us work for us contact us advertise with us solve technical issue terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop complaints & corrections all topics all contributors Facebook Twitter subscribe digital newspaper archive © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. Learn more here.Close Me Home > India > Intellectual Property India: Trademark Genericide: Victims Of Their Own Success? Last Updated: 9 June 2017 Article by Shrabani Rout Singh & Associates Your LinkedIn Connections at Firm Introduction The Trademarks Act 1999 provides for registration of trademarks- a mark capable of being represented graphically and distinguishing the goods and services of one person from that of another. Sections 9 and 11 of the Act make it amply clear that in order to be registered a mark should be sufficiently distinctive in nature. However registered trademarks also fall prey to common usage and journey into the public domain. Consequently, the trademark owner loses all his rights over the trademark. Trademark Genericide can be defined as the loss of trademark rights when a term enters common usage and consumers begin to denote a particular product than its source. When a trademark becomes the "common descriptive name" of a certain product, the trademark owner will no longer have an exclusive right to its use. Justice O'Connor while deciding whether the term Park'N Fly when used with respect to long term airport parking services was a generic term held that "A trademark or service mark that becomes generic is no longer entitled to protection."9 Every year the term Trademark Genericide claims more trademarks into their early graves. A mark is said to be generic if it is the common descriptive name of a class of goods or services. For instance, Merriam-Webster dictionary defines 'Escalator' as "a moving set of stairs that carries people up or down from one level of a building to another." The term Escalator was however formerly a trademark of the Otis Elevator company before it became a victim to its own success and died a generic death. Same in the case of Dettol, Dalda, and Heroin where what was originally a brand name has now been diluted to bear reference to the product itself. Reasons behind Trademark Genericide The reason behind Trademark Genericide is simple. The trademark becomes genericized due to the continuous use by the public who use the term to denote a particular product rather than its source. The more popular the product, the chances of it dying a generic death increase. Some of the popular trademarked names that have now become generic because of the wrongful and continuous use by the public are � Aspirin, Cellophane, Zipper, Kleenex, Thermos, Popsicle etc. In Coca-Cola Co v. Overland Inc.10the Court emphasised that "An originally non-generic, valid trademark becomes generic and invalid when the principal significance of the word to the public becomes the indication of the nature or class of an article, rather than the indication of the article's origin" .Genericide of trademarks is now a major concern for companies who fear that their trademarks may become victims to their own successes. Once a trademark becomes generic, the company loses all proprietary rights over it and it journeys into the public domain. There are a lot of possibilities as to why a trademark becomes generic in nature. The first possibility being that the product was first of a kind and enjoyed monopolistic status in the market and therefore the public associated the trademark with the good rather than the source of the good.11 The term "genericide" is sometimes used to describe the process where the trademark owner actually participates, often unknowingly, in the destruction of the distinctiveness of the trademark. Another reason for trademark genericide can also be the lack of a suitable substitute term for the good, case in point being the term 'Escalator'. 'Escalator' is catchy and fanciful and much easier to say than a moving staircase manufactured by the Otis Elevator Company. Another reason for trademark genericide can be the paradoxical behaviour of companies regarding their own trademark. Companies want their products to become well known but they definitely do not want the public to use the trademark to denote the product rather than the source of the product. Unskilful advertising and inadequate control measures are the reasons why trademarks like Kleenex, Trampoline etc are now generic terms. Legal standpoint Famous trademarks like Google, Yahoo and Xerox now stand at the pearly gates of trademark genericide. In 2012, the IPAB while deciding B.V Ilango vs. Rank Xerox Ltd., held that if a company or brand had taken extensive measures to rectify and police the incorrect usage of the their trademarked term including sending cease and desist notices, it will not be considered as a generic term. The statement of the IPAB � "perhaps the respondent has acted just in time to save its mark losing its life...."12 shows that Xerox is indeed in a precarious position and must act pro-actively so as to prevent its trademark from dying a generic death. The Google trademark ranks as one of the most valuable trademarks in the world. People have now started using the term Google as a verb often referring to search something as 'Google it'. Google is so conscious of the problem that it has published "rules for proper usage" of all its trademarks, partly to help stem the use of "Google" as a verb. In 2012, Google filed a Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy (UDRP) Complaint following the registration by a third party of several hundred domain names which combined the word Google' with another word element.13 The Administrative panel ruled in favour of Google and ordered that the registrant transfer all the domain names to Google.14 The Registrant, Mr David Elliot then filed a suit in the US district court in Arizona seeking cancellation of the trademark registration of Google saying that the term Google had become generic. In supporting his claim, Elliot contended that the GOOGLE mark had become generic because the public frequently uses the wording "Google" as a verb.15 The court, ruled in favour of Google however, clarifying that using a mark as a verb does not necessarily render the mark generic as long as the mark continues to perform its statutory function�that of distinguishing a product or service from those of others and to indicate the product's or service's source The court pointed out that, even if a mark is used as a verb exclusively in the indiscriminate sense, the mark has still not become generic if a majority of the consuming public continues to use the mark to distinguish the product or service of choice from those offered by competitors.16 Steps that can be taken to avoid Trademark Genericide Trademark owners should avoid using the trademark as a verb or a noun which implies that the word is generic. Trademark owners should give a new product an easily recognized generic name in addition to the fancy trademark name. Trademark owners should be extremely vigilant and must keep a check on improper use of their mark. Trademark owners can add the word "brand" after the trademark on the product packaging. Trademark owners must establish guidelines for the usage of their trademarks and make sure that they are followed strictly. Companies should implement a strong trademark regimen which may help them in prevention of their trademark becoming generic. Conclusion Companies should take active steps to prevent their trademarks from becoming generic. For e.g. Adobe has a whole page dedicated to trademark guidelines. The guidelines very clearly state that the public should not use the term 'Photoshop' as a noun or a verb. Instead of choosing a name that is very fancy, companies should ensure that the usage of the term is correct and in accordance to their trademark guidelines. However what still remains to be seen is, whether a company can really control how the public uses its trademark? If a trademark is hugely popular like Xerox for photocopying or Escalator which is a pioneer in its field, can public usage of the term actually be monitored? The enforcement of correct usage of the term is very difficult. In 2003 Xerox ran an extensive ad campaign to educate the public about the correct usage of the word 'XEROX'. The advert ran as, "When you use 'XEROX' the way you use 'Aspirin', we get a headache." Companies should therefore use the generic name of the product along with the trademark. For e.g. Apple Computers, Xerox Photocopiers etc. They should avoid all variations and make sure that the trademark stands out from the surrounding text.0Google and Xerox may have managed to keep their trademark status for now but it still remains to be seen how long they can keep their competitors at bay from declaring their trademark to be generic. Public perception and understanding is the key for determining whether a registered trademark has lost its source-denoting value and become generic. While evaluating public perception, a broad set of factors should be considered including availability of alternative terms, the trademark owner's use and promotion of the mark etc. Footnotes 9 Park'N Fly, Inc.v. Dollar park and Fly,Inc. 469 U.S 189(1985) 10 692 F.2d 1250 11Harshavardhan Ganesan, The Other Mass killing: TM genericide available at� https://spicyip.com/2016/05/the-other-mass-killing-tm-genericide.html 12 Mr.B.V.Ilango vs M/s Rank Xerox Limited IPAB order no. 229/2012 on 21/09/2012 13US trademarks: Google defeats Genericness claim available at http://www.managingip.com/Article/3396065/US-trade-marks-Google-defeats-genericness-claim.html 14Elliot vs Google Inc., order available at� https://law.wm.edu/faculty/inthenews/pdfdocuments/Elliot%20v.%20Google.pdf 15Elliot v. Google Inc., No. CV-12-1072, 2014 WL 4447764 (D. Ariz. Sept. 10, 2014) in the United States district Court for the District of Arizona. 16Irene Callboli, Elliot vs. Google Inc. available at� https://ttlfnews.wordpress.com/2014/10/17/elliot-v-google-inc-no-cv-12-1072-phx-smm-2014-u-s-dist-lexis-127352-d-ariz-sept-10-2014/#_ftn5� park and Fly,Inc. 469 U.S 189(1985) The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances. To print this article, all you need is to be registered on Mondaq.com. Click to Login as an existing user or Register so you can print this article. Do you have a Question or Comment? Click here to email the Author Interested in the next Webinar on this Topic? Click here to register your Interest Contributor Shrabani Rout Singh & Associates Email Firm View Website Events from this Firm More from this Firm More from this Author News About this Firm Authors Shrabani Rout More Popular Related Articles on Intellectual Property from India Cabinet Approves India's IPR Policy Singh & Associates The Union Cabinet on 13 May 20161 approved the National Intellectual Property (IPR) policy roadmap to foster creativity and innovation, promote entrepreneurship and enhance socio development... Intellectual Property Regime: Post BEPS Impact - Analysis Of Action Plan 5: Countering Harmful Tax Practices Phoenix Legal In a business environment that is continuously evolving, existing tax rules are facing challenges. More often than not they are criticized for setting out provisions that seems to be detached... Digital Rights Management & Its Interaction With Net Neutrality Khurana and Khurana The online platform offers ample opportunity for infringement of copyrights and it is but natural for copyright holders to react apprehensively and clamor for absolute regulation of the digital copyright... CRI Guidelines - II LexOrbis This article is a follow up to my article: �Need Soft Patents for Software Inventions'; in fact, it is one in the series analysing the patentability of �computer related inventions.' Cipla v Novartis: Import Qualifies As Working Of Patent LexOrbis The Indian pharmaceutical industry is a major manufacturer of cost-effective generic drugs and is set to become the leading exporter of generic pharmaceutical products. Protecting Translations of Descriptive Words as Trademark LexOrbis In law of trademarks, words that are distinctive enough to distinguish goods or services of one person from those of others, qualify to be protected against infringement and/or passing off. Unconventional Trademarks In India Singh & Associates A trademark according to S.2(1)(zb) of the Trademarks Act means "a mark capable of being represented graphically and which is capable of distinguishing the goods or services of one person... Cartier International AG And Ors. vs. Gaurav Bhatia And Ors. Khurana and Khurana As per a study conducted in 2016 by OECD (Organisation Economic Cooperation and Development) and the European Union's Intellectual Property Office, India ranks amongst the top five exporters...   In association with Mondaq Advice Centre (MACs) Trademarks Investment Immigration Trademarks in SAARC Countries More Advice Centers Related Topics Similar Topics Intellectual Property Trademark Intellectual Property Copyright Licensing & Syndication Patent Trade Secrets Related Articles Recently Viewed Trademark Rules Reformed: Filing Applications In India Nishith Desai Associates Update: Guidelines Issued For Determination Of Well-Known Mark By The Registrar Under The New Trademark Rules, 2017 Khaitan & Co Bombay High Court Holds That Each Component Of Design Need Not Be Tested For Originality And Novelty S.S. Rana & Co. Advocates Protecting A Slogan Litmus Legal Is Prior Use The Knock Out Punch In Passing Off Cases Litmus Legal Passing Off In Design Litmus Legal Guidelines For Startups-SIPP Scheme Singh & Associates Combating Counterfeiting LexOrbis Reforms Bear Fruits At Indian Trade Marks Office LexOrbis Sound Marks: A New Perspective LexOrbis Recently viewed items tracks each article you read and gives you a quick link back to that article if you need to review it again. To activate recently viewed, you just need to login or register with us above. Up-coming Events Search Region / Country...WorldwideUnited StatesLatin AmericaEuropeAsia PacificAsiaEuropean UnionU.K.BrazilCanadaCyprusFranceGermanyHong KongHungaryIrelandItalyMexicoPolandSpainTaiwanUKUnited StatesJerseyGuernsey Show More Filters Timeframe...This WeekNext Two WeeksNext MonthNext Quarter Event Type...Business BreakfastConferenceOtherPodcastSeminarSpeaking EngagementWebinarWorkshop Location...Brazil- San PauloCanada- Calgary- Montreal- Ontario- Ottawa- Toronto- VancouverCyprus- NicosiaFrance- ParisGermany- BerlinGuernsey- St Peter PortHong Kong- Hong KongHungary- BudapestIreland- Dublin- EnnisItaly- Milan- ParmaJersey- UnknownMexico- MexicoPoland- WarsawSpain- Barcelona- Madrid- UnknownTaiwan- TaipeiUK- LondonUnited States- Arizona- Atlanta- Boston- California- Chicago- Dallas- Denver- Idaho Falls- Las Vegas- Los Angeles- New York- Pittsburgh- San Diego- San Francisco- St Louis- Texas- Washington, DC GO Tools Print Font Size: Translation Channels Mondaq on Twitter Free News Alert Custom RSS Feed Download on iPhone & Android Contact Us | Your Privacy | Feedback © Mondaq� Ltd 1994 - 2017 All Rights Reserved   News Alert|Login|Register Login / Register Free News Alert Privacy/ Cookies Terms & Conditions About Mondaq Unsubscribe TOPICS| REGIONS| CONTRIBUTORS| ADVICE CENTRE| OUR SERVICES Accounting| Finance| Commercial| Anti-trust| Employment| Wealth Mgt| Environment| Consumer| Insurance| IP| Government| International| More Accounting Finance Commercial Anti-trust Employment Wealth Mgt Environment Consumer Insurance IP Government International Litigation Media & IT Healthcare Real Estate Tax All Regions |USA |Canada |UK |Europe |Offshore |Asia Pacific |Australia |Latin America |Middle East & Africa |India | More Contributors A-Z | Most Popular Contributors | Most Popular Authors | Author League | Award Winners | Become a Contributor About Mondaq | Become a Contributor | Become a Partner | What's New | Contact Us Become a MAC Partner Select Advice Centre| Mondaq Advice Centre - About| Albania Argentina Austria Barbados Belgium Bermuda Brazil British Virgin Islands Cayman Islands Chile China Colombia Cyprus Czech Republic Ecuador France Germany Gibraltar Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Japan Jersey Kazakhstan Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Mauritius Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Nigeria Panama Peru Poland Portugal Romania Russian Federation Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Switzerland Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Vietnam Accounting and Audit Anti-trust/Competition Law Compliance Consumer Protection Corporate/Commercial Law Criminal Law Employment and HR Energy and Natural Resources Environment Family and Matrimonial Finance and Banking Food, Drugs, Healthcare, Life Sciences Government, Public Sector Immigration Insolvency/Bankruptcy/Re-structuring Insurance Intellectual Property International Law Law Department Performance Law Practice Management Litigation, Mediation & Arbitration Media, Telecoms, IT, Entertainment Privacy Real Estate and Construction Strategy Tax Technology Transport Wealth Management All Regions USA Canada UK Europe Offshore Asia Pacific Australia Latin America Middle East & Africa Other Countries Albania Argentina Austria Barbados Belgium Bermuda Brazil British Virgin Islands Cayman Islands Chile China Colombia Cyprus Czech Republic Ecuador France Germany Gibraltar Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Japan Jersey Kazakhstan Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Mauritius Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Nigeria Panama Peru Poland Portugal Romania Russian Federation Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Switzerland Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Vietnam Register for Access and our Free Biweekly Alert for This service is completely free. Access 250,000 archived articles from 100+ countries and get a personalised email twice a week covering developments (and yes, our lawyers like to think you�ve read our Disclaimer).   Email Address Company Name Password Confirm Password Position CEO, Owner, Chairman, President, Mng Director Director, Vice President, Senior Company Executive Inhouse Counsel, Lawyer in Company/Government CFO/FD, Inhouse Accountant, Treasurer Corporate/Company Secretary, Compliance Officer Lawyer in Law Firm, Private Practice, Barrister Consultant, Accountant in Accountancy Firm, Practicing Accountant Banker, Stockbroker, Analyst, Economist Marketing, Business Development Editor, Journalist, Researcher IS/IT Student, Academic HR Please Select Position Mondaq Topics -- Select your Interests  Accounting  Anti-trust  Commercial  Compliance  Consumer  Criminal  Employment  Energy  Environment  Family  Finance  Government  Healthcare  Immigration  Insolvency  Insurance  International  IP  Law Performance  Law Practice  Litigation  Media & IT  Privacy  Real Estate  Strategy  Tax  Technology  Transport  Wealth Mgt Regions Africa Asia Asia Pacific Australasia Canada Caribbean Europe European Union Latin America Middle East U.K. United States Worldwide Updates Check to state you have read and agree to our Terms and Conditions Terms & Conditions and Privacy Statement Mondaq.com (the Website) is owned and managed by Mondaq Ltd and as a user you are granted a non-exclusive, revocable license to access the Website under its terms and conditions of use. Your use of the Website constitutes your agreement to the following terms and conditions of use. Mondaq Ltd may terminate your use of the Website if you are in breach of these terms and conditions or if Mondaq Ltd decides to terminate your license of use for whatever reason. Use of www.mondaq.com You may use the Website but are required to register as a user if you wish to read the full text of the content and articles available (the Content). You may not modify, publish, transmit, transfer or sell, reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, link, display, or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part, except as expressly permitted in these terms & conditions or with the prior written consent of Mondaq Ltd. You may not use electronic or other means to extract details or information about Mondaq.com�s content, users or contributors in order to offer them any services or products which compete directly or indirectly with Mondaq Ltd�s services and products. Disclaimer Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers make no representations about the suitability of the information contained in the documents and related graphics published on this server for any purpose. All such documents and related graphics are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. In no event shall Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information available from this server. The documents and related graphics published on this server could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s) described herein at any time. Registration Mondaq Ltd requires you to register and provide information that personally identifies you, including what sort of information you are interested in, for three primary purposes: To allow you to personalize the Mondaq websites you are visiting. To enable features such as password reminder, newsletter alerts, email a colleague, and linking from Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) to your website. To produce demographic feedback for our information providers who provide information free for your use. Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) do not sell or provide your details to third parties other than information providers. The reason we provide our information providers with this information is so that they can measure the response their articles are receiving and provide you with information about their products and services. If you do not want us to provide your name and email address you may opt out by clicking here . If you do not wish to receive any future announcements of products and services offered by Mondaq by clicking here . Information Collection and Use We require site users to register with Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) to view the free information on the site. We also collect information from our users at several different points on the websites: this is so that we can customise the sites according to individual usage, provide 'session-aware' functionality, and ensure that content is acquired and developed appropriately. This gives us an overall picture of our user profiles, which in turn shows to our Editorial Contributors the type of person they are reaching by posting articles on Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) � meaning more free content for registered users. We are only able to provide the material on the Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) site free to site visitors because we can pass on information about the pages that users are viewing and the personal information users provide to us (e.g. email addresses) to reputable contributing firms such as law firms who author those pages. We do not sell or rent information to anyone else other than the authors of those pages, who may change from time to time. Should you wish us not to disclose your details to any of these parties, please tick the box above or tick the box marked "Opt out of Registration Information Disclosure" on the Your Profile page. We and our author organisations may only contact you via email or other means if you allow us to do so. Users can opt out of contact when they register on the site, or send an email to unsubscribe@mondaq.com with �no disclosure� in the subject heading Mondaq News Alerts In order to receive Mondaq News Alerts, users have to complete a separate registration form. This is a personalised service where users choose regions and topics of interest and we send it only to those users who have requested it. Users can stop receiving these Alerts by going to the Mondaq News Alerts page and deselecting all interest areas. In the same way users can amend their personal preferences to add or remove subject areas. Cookies A cookie is a small text file written to a user�s hard drive that contains an identifying user number. The cookies do not contain any personal information about users. We use the cookie so users do not have to log in every time they use the service and the cookie will automatically expire if you do not visit the Mondaq website (or its affiliate sites) for 12 months. We also use the cookie to personalise a user's experience of the site (for example to show information specific to a user's region). As the Mondaq sites are fully personalised and cookies are essential to its core technology the site will function unpredictably with browsers that do not support cookies - or where cookies are disabled (in these circumstances we advise you to attempt to locate the information you require elsewhere on the web). However if you are concerned about the presence of a Mondaq cookie on your machine you can also choose to expire the cookie immediately (remove it) by selecting the 'Log Off' menu option as the last thing you do when you use the site. Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies and we are not aware of any at present that do so. Log Files We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Links This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Mondaq (or its affiliate sites) are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of these third party sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site. Surveys & Contests From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose any information requested. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and delivery address), and demographic information (such as postcode, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the functionality of the site. Mail-A-Friend If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend�s name and email address. Mondaq stores this information and may contact the friend to invite them to register with Mondaq, but they will not be contacted more than once. The friend may contact Mondaq to request the removal of this information from our database. Security This website takes every reasonable precaution to protect our users� information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected using firewalls and other security technology. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to webmaster@mondaq.com. Correcting/Updating Personal Information If a user�s personally identifiable information changes (such as postcode), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavour to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user�s personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the �Your Profile� page or by sending an email to EditorialAdvisor@mondaq.com. Notification of Changes If we decide to change our Terms & Conditions or Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on our site so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. How to contact Mondaq You can contact us with comments or queries at enquiries@mondaq.com. If for some reason you believe Mondaq Ltd. has not adhered to these principles, please notify us by e-mail at problems@mondaq.com and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to determine and correct the problem promptly.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events More Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey April Glaser Eric Johnson Rani Molla Tony Romm Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Podcasts Apple Amazon Is Apple’s HomePod better than Amazon’s Echo or Google’s Home? The HomePod’s announced price, $349, is higher than its competitors’, but how does it stack up on the features? by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Jun 9, 2017, 6:30am EDT tweet share Linkedin Justin Sullivan / Getty At its annual Worldwide Developers Conference this week, Apple concluded a marathon two-hour keynote presentation by announcing a brand-new product: A $349 smart home speaker called HomePod. The speaker, which is expected to be released in December, is a direct response to similar devices made by Amazon, Google and Sonos. On the latest episode of Too Embarrassed to Ask, The Verge’s Nilay Patel talked with Kara Swisher and Lauren Goode about his long list of concerns for HomePod. First and foremost: Price. “The Amazon ‘puck’ [the Echo Dot], they often discount it to $40,” Patel said. “You can see [Jeff] Bezos being like, ‘I’m going to throw away one for free. You’re a Prime Member? Here’s an Echo.’” Apple is justifying that $349 price tag by appealing to audio quality. But Patel said that, too, is a dubious value proposition. “I am a huge nerd for speakers, I spend thousands of dollars on stereo equipment,” he said. “I love things that sound great. But I don’t think everybody is like me. I think most people pick convenience and price over sound quality.” “Apple built an empire, with iTunes, selling low-bitrate audio files to play over cheap white headphones,” he added. “And everyone loved it! Now saying, ‘We’re going to sell you a more expensive speaker because it sounds better,’ it doesn’t line up with their history.” You can listen to the new podcast on Apple Podcasts, Google Play Music, Spotify (mobile only), TuneIn, Stitcher and SoundCloud. On the new podcast, the trio also talked about how Siri, the virtual assistant that powers the HomePod, stacks up against its competitors, Alexa and the Google Assistant (Sonos currently has no assistant in its speakers). “At the start of the event, not knowing yet that this speaker was coming, there was a song by Foals playing,” Goode said. “I went to ask Siri, ‘Who are Foals?’ And it responded with ‘Philz Coffee.’ And then I said, ‘What are Foals?’ And it said, ‘The Falls.’” Alexa and Google sometimes screw up too, and Goode noted that this impromptu Siri test was in a noisy room. And even though Apple did not mention any improvements to the AI in this year’s keynote, it has something with Siri that Amazon and Google wish they had: Reach. “Apple has the great advantage of having Siri everywhere you are,” Patel said. “If they just do little improvements to Siri over time, it’s happening in your pocket. Google doesn’t have that kind of space: They’ve got to convince you to buy an Android phone or a Pixel or the Google Home that has Assistant on it. Amazon has to convince you to open the Amazon app on your phone to use Alexa, or buy an Echo device. Siri can be worse, but it’s going to have a higher install base for a long time.” Have questions about WWDC that we didn’t get to in this episode? Tweet them to @Recode with the hashtag #TooEmbarrassed, or email them to TooEmbarrassed@recode.net. Be sure to follow @LaurenGoode, @KaraSwisher and @Recode to be alerted when we're looking for questions about a specific topic. If you like this show, you should also check out our other podcasts: Recode Decode, hosted by Kara Swisher, is a weekly show featuring in-depth interviews with the movers and shakers in tech and media every Monday. You can subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Google Play Music, Spotify (mobile only), TuneIn, Stitcher and SoundCloud. Recode Media with Peter Kafka features no-nonsense conversations with the smartest and most interesting people in the media world, with new episodes every Thursday. Use these links to subscribe on Apple Podcasts, Google Play Music, Spotify(mobile only), TuneIn, Stitcher and SoundCloud. And finally, Recode Replay has all the audio from our live events, such as the Code Conference, Code Media and the Code Commerce Series. Subscribe today on Apple Podcasts, Google Play Music, Spotify (mobile only), TuneIn and Stitcher. If you like what we’re doing, please write a review on Apple Podcasts— and if you don’t, just tweet-strafe Kara and Lauren. Tune in next Friday for another episode of Too Embarrassed to Ask! Subscribe to the Recode newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. recode_divider More From Recode Eric Schmidt’s daughter Alison has passed away James Comey drew half as many Twitter livestreamers as a Thursday night NFL game People tweeted 11 times more about the ‘Comey’ hearing than about Clinton's ‘Benghazi’ hearing Trump’s social media chief violated federal law when he tweeted for the election defeat of a GOP Representative These are the states with the fastest — and slowest — internet speeds Watch Apple CEO Tim Cook’s MIT commencement speech Trending Uber CEO Kalanick advised employees on sex rules for a company celebration in 2013 ‘Miami letter’ “Do not have sex with another employee UNLESS ...” Eric Schmidt’s daughter Alison has passed away A memorial page has been posted to the website of the Schmidt Foundation. A top Uber executive, who obtained the medical records of a customer who was a rape victim, has been fired Sources say Eric Alexander carried around confidential information about a woman who was assaulted during a ride in India in 2014. These are the states with the fastest — and slowest — internet speeds Delaware is on top, Idaho’s at the bottom. Watch Apple CEO Tim Cook’s MIT commencement speech He urges graduates to apply their values to the stuff they create and build. More in Trending Recode Daily Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 21. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Eric Schmidt’s daughter Alison has passed away by Tess Townsend James Comey drew half as many Twitter livestreamers as a Thursday night NFL game by Kurt Wagner People tweeted 11 times more about the ‘Comey’ hearing than about Clinton's ‘Benghazi’ hearing by Rani Molla and April Glaser Trump’s social media chief violated federal law when he tweeted for the election defeat of a GOP Representative by Tony Romm Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews All Reviews Editors' Choice Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Best Picks Best Picks All Categories Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Smart Home Devices Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Delete Facebook How to Download YouTube Videos How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router News News All News Features Opinions Fastest ISPS Fastest Mobile Networks Readers' Choice Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Business Choice Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path iOS11 FastestISPs AppleHomePod iMacPro FathersDayGifts Menu Home/ News & Analysis/ Alphabet Sells Boston Dynamics to Softbank Alphabet Sells Boston Dynamics to Softbank By Matthew Humphries June 9, 2017 06:30am EST 10 Comments It took over a year, but Google parent Alphabet finally offloads not one, but two robotics divisions to the Japanese company that acquired chip maker ARM last year. Japanese multinational Softbank isn't afraid to spend a lot of cash in order to secure some of the hottest tech properties on the market today. The company demonstrated this in July last year when it acquired chip company ARM Holdings for around $32 billion. Now we can add Boston Dynamics to its list of assets. Google started putting the feelers out for a sale of its robotics division Boston Dynamics in March last year. At the time, a few buyers were thought to be already showing an interest, including Toyota and Amazon, but nothing came of it. Fourteen months on and Softbank just announced a definitive agreement to acquire the robot company from Google parent Alphabet. "Today, there are many issues we still cannot solve by ourselves with human capabilities. Smart robotics are going to be a key driver of the next stage of the Information Revolution, and Marc and his team at Boston Dynamics are the clear technology leaders in advanced dynamic robots," Masayoshi Son, chairman and CEO of SoftBank Group Corp, said in a statement. "I am thrilled to welcome them to the Softbank family and look forward to supporting them as they continue to advance the field of robotics and explore applications that can help make life easier, safer and more fulfilling." Related VIDEO: Boston Dynamics Shows Off Latest Robot 'Handle' VIDEO: Boston Dynamics Shows Off Latest Robot 'Handle' Boston Dynamics isn't the only robotics company Softbank acquired as part of the Alphabet deal. The press release also mentions Schaft, a Japanese bipedal robot company founded in the JSK Robotics Laboratory at the University of Tokyo and also owned by Alphabet. Schaft was acquired by Google back in 2013 when it decided to embrace robots and bought up eight companies. Neither Alphabet nor Softbank is discussing the terms of the deal, so we don't know how much money is changing hands or if there are any caveats. What we do know is Softbank just became a major player in the robotics market, adding to its existing Pepper robot research. And of course, it can make full use of new ARM chips inside them. Previous : Samsung's Notebook 9 Pro Sports an Embedded S Pen Seagate Offers 4TB Game Drive for Xbox Game Pass Next : By Matthew Humphries Senior Editor Matthew is PCMag's UK-based editor and news reporter. Prior to joining the team, he spent 14 years writing and editing content on our sister site Geek.com and has covered most areas of technology, but is especially passionate about games tech. Alongside PCMag, he's a freelance video game designer. Matthew holds a BSc degree in Computer Science from Birmingham University and a Masters in Computer Games Development from Abertay University. More » More Stories by Matthew Seagate Offers 4TB Game Drive for Xbox Game Pass With over 100 games to download and play with Xbox Games Pass, a large external hard drive could com... More » 20 Apple Employees Caught Selling Customer Data in China They were using Apple's own internal computer system to gather the information before selling it on ... More » TSA: No Plans for Domestic Laptop Ban Dozens of airports spread across Europe, the Middle East, and Africa are under consideration for a b... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles Everything You Missed at WWDC How I Learned to Stop Hating and Love eSports The Coolest Features in iOS 11 The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA Buy a New Apple iMac or Wait for iMac Pro? »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest About Us PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feed More from Ziff Davis: AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net RSS Feeds Site Map Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Release notes for Play Services v11 have been posted with a new API for smooth SMS verification and several significant additions and deprecations Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 3:32pm PDTJun 8, 2017 13 Plus 1 on G+ 53 Share on Facebook 29 Share on Twitter Total Shares95 Development News Now that Google is through with its biggest developer conference of the year, it's time to deliver a few updates and fulfill some of the promises made during the event. Some of that is happening through an update to Play services. Google posted the release notes for the update and it includes a lot of additions, both big and small, and a few deprecations.   For the non-developers in the crowd, most of this stuff isn't going to matter all that much, but there is one new feature that might catch their interest. A new API will allow apps to perform SMS verifications without accessing the SMS history. It's probably not a big change for users, and developers will still have to implement some changes to their app and server code before it can be used, but it means there will be fewer apps with an excuse to poke around in your SMS messages. There are quite a few changes to the different APIs provided by Play services, and developers should definitely check out the full list here. Here are a few particularly interesting things worth highlighting: SmsRetriever API is the SMS verification API mentioned above. It allows apps to listen for incoming SMS messages intended for them without asking users for permission to read all of their messages. This means phone number verifications can be entirely seamless with no authorization dialogs or manual steps to copy a code from a text message. It works by giving a unique hash to apps so they can pass it back to the developer's server. That hash should then be sent via SMS to the user's phone and parsed by Play services. Once a message with the hash is identified, it will be passed directly to the primary app. The RemoteMediaPlayer class has been deprecated from the Cast API. If you're using the Cast SDK v2, there is a guide available for migrating to Cast SDK v3. As we were told during I/O, all developers are now free to build Instant Apps. Details can be found here. Significant additions to Nearby and SafetyNet APIs, as well as some handy new classes for working with the Fused Location Provider and Awareness capabilities. If you haven't already done it, go to the SDK Manager in Android Studio or the one included with the Android SDK and update the Google repository to get started with the latest APIs. Source: Google API Release Notes Tags api development google play services play services sdk subscribe ... Previous Story Gear S3 Classic LTE now available from Verizon ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Suicide_Note Yayyy! http://i1063.photobucket.com/albums/t506/bamalamsam/Victorious%20Gifs/yayyyy.gif Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ The strip turned pink? Josh Hoffman I miss the Magnus Hyttsten play services update videos. Last one was for 8.4 Cody Toombs I actually ran into him in the wild at I/O a few weeks ago and told him how much he was missed. He's on a different team now, so we're probably not going to see him around. David Onter > "Significant additions to SafetyNet APIs" I don't trust this part right here Bewear SafetyNet is getting more evil. Trooper311 More like Skynet. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,...... Daniel Tbh, it's all those rooting apps we're hearing about that made them want to put in all theses APIs. Hackers make the problems, tinkers suffer. That's life I guess. Artem Russakovskii There's one for reCaptcha, for example https://security.googleblog.com/2017/06/making-internet-safer-and-faster.html. Looks helpful. Ryan Hoffmann Wrong link to the API release notes. It should be this one: https://developers.google.com/android/guides/releases but you guys have it linked to your post about Instant Apps instead. Cody Toombs woops, copy/paste error. Fixed it, thanks. Makay Chapulets I run v11 already... On BETA Willie Chalmers III Yep; knew it: http://disq.us/p/1ipjdav Allo probably did use a version of this, after all. I saw a discussion in the FirebaseUI Android GitHub repo that this would be a part of a (then) unreleased version of Google Play Services, and it's good to finally see SMS Retriever API going public. blindexecutioner Fuck your adblock popup, dicks. Hayden7200 Why, because you think these guys should spend all their time writing articles for you to read and not receive a paycheck? It's free to you, so stop acting so entitled. tim242 That doesn't give sites the right to abuse. Kristian Ivanov Abuse what exactly? Randroid When it's a "would you like some site with your ads?" situation, there's no excuse for blocking adblock. Which is basically the case here at AP. Stephen Sharp You would think someone who has an adblocker installed would know how to block one more popup.....just saying... Jsilvermist Whenever I get an anti-adblock popup, I either just block it or disable JavaScript for that site, if both of those things fail, bye bye site. Edit: Also, I run anti-anti-adblock scripts :P Romario Maxwell I saw a trick shared on Quora where you use live editing in the Chrome DevTools to remove the HTML element that is the popup. Randroid Or you can use TamperMonkey for things like that: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo?hl=en Rickinbsb Using Brave is also a good option jcopernicus Messaging is like a rash at Google. Now they're spreading into Play Services. Brian G. "Added the ability to enable immersive mode on full-screen ads by adding the setImmersiveMode() method to the PublisherInterstitialAd and RewardedVideoAd classes." WTH Google! Seems to be an internal Google struggle between "bad" ads and full-screen immersive ads. Rickinbsb people will just start to add fake nav buttons to trick us into clicking the ad Randroid "...through and update to Play services" *an update. Not and update. Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 109 queries | 0.508s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Articles l l How to Set Up Authy for Two-Factor Authentication (and Sync Your Codes Between Devices) Want Fast Charging? Don’t Use Your Car’s USB Ports The Best Streaming Music Services for Any Type of Listener What’s New in iOS 11 for iPhone and iPad, Arriving Fall 2017 Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search How to Set Up Authy for Two-Factor Authentication (and Sync Your Codes Between Devices) By Chris Hoffman on June 9th, 2017 Strong passwords are not enough anymore: we recommend using two-factor authentication whenever possible. Ideally, that means using an app that generates authentication codes on your phone or a physical hardware token. We prefer Authy when it comes to authentication apps—it’s compatible with all sites that use Google Authenticator, but is more powerful and convenient. Why You Should Generate Codes With Authy (and Not SMS) Two-factor authentication requires you have both the password for your account and an additional authentication method. That way, even if someone were to find out your email, Facebook, or other password, they’d need an additional code to sign in. SMS is one of the more common ways to get these codes, but SMS is inherently insecure. It’s too easy to intercept SMS messages, which means someone with the know-how could get not just your password, but your two-factor codes as well—leaving your accounts vulnerable. That’s why we recommend using an authentication app. Instead of sending you a code when you try to log in, these apps are constantly generating new codes that are only valid for about 30 seconds each. When you’re logging into an account and prompted for a code, you can just open your authentcation app, grab the most recent code, and paste it in. Google Authenticator is one of the most commonly recommended apps for these codes, and it’s fine—it’s just a little too basic. When you get a new phone, your Google Authenticator codes can’t come with you. You’ll need to set up all your accounts all over again. If you’ve lost your previous phone, you may need your backup recovery codes to regain access to your account and disable the authentication. Authy offers a more polished app that avoids these hassles. Authy lets you back up your two-factor authentication codes to the cloud and to your other devices, encrypted with a password you provide. You can then restore that backup to a new phone, or if your phone isn’t nearby, use your computer or your tablet to generate codes instead. Here’s the most important part: Authy is completely compatible with Google Authenticator. Whenever a website directs you to scan a QR code with Google Authenticator to set up two-factor authentication, you can scan the same code to set up two-factor authentication in Authy. That means you can use Authy anywhere Google Authenticator is accepted—for example, with your Google, Microsoft, and Amazon accounts. Some sites offer Authy-specific integration, too, so it really works everywhere. How to Use Authy Authy is simple to use and free. Android users can download it from Google Play, while iPhone and iPad users can get it from Apple’s App Store. Once you’ve installed the app, enter your mobile phone number and email address. You’ll be sent a PIN, which you’ll enter to confirm you have access to the phone number. Authy is now enabled. You just need to visit the two-factor authentication setup page on your account service of choice and pull up a QR code as if you were setting up a new Google Authenticator app. After you do, tap the “Add” button in the drawer at the bottom of the Authy screen and scan the QR code. The account will be added to Authy. When you need a code, open the Authy app and tap the account you need a code for. Type the code into the service. There’s also a quick copy button here, in case you want to paste the code into another app on your device. If you want to prevent people with your phone from easily gaining access to your codes even after you’ve signed in, you can enable as protection PIN (or Touch ID on an iPhone) from Settings > My Account > Protection PIN. How to Back Up and Sync Your Authy Codes Authy can automatically create encrypted backups of your account data and store them on the company’s servers. The data is encrypted with a password you provide. You don’t have to enable this if you don’t want to! If you just want to use Authy on a single device and not store anything in the cloud, go ahead and skip this feature. Authy will store your codes only on your device, just like the standard Google Authenticator app. However, you won’t be able to recover your codes if you lose your phone. You’ll have to set everything up from scratch again. We recommend using Authy because of these features. Open Authy and tap Settings > Accounts. At the top of the screen, ensure “Authenticator Backups” is enabled. You can use the password link to provide a password that you’ll need to decrypt the backups. You’ll need this password to access your codes when you sign into Authy on a new device.   Authy can sync your codes across multiple devices, too. For example, Authy offers a Chrome app that allows you to access your codes on any computer. There’s also a macOS app in beta and a Windows app coming soon—you’ll find them all on Authy’s downloads page. Or, you may just want to sync your codes between a phone and a tablet. It’s up to you. To add other devices to your account, head to Settings > Devices in Authy. Enable the “Allow Multi-device” switch. Now, try to sign into Authy with another device—for example, via the Authy Chrome app or an Authy mobile app on another device. Enter your phone number, and then you’ll then be prompted to authenticate with an SMS message, a phone call, or through a prompt in the Authy app on a device you’ve already signed in with. If you authenticate, the device you sign in with will gain access to your accounts. However, you won’t immediately gain access to your codes. If you’ve set up a backup password to encrypt your codes in the cloud, you’ll see a lock icon next to each of the codes you have in Authy. You’ll need to enter your backups password to actually access the codes. Note that the password only applies to Google Authenticator-style accounts. Accounts using Authy’s own two-factor authentication scheme will be available after you sign in, whether or not you know the backups password. Authy’s own two-factor authentication scheme really just checks whether you have access to a phone number. Any changes you make to your codes—such as adding or removing an account—will now be synced to your other devices. Your list of devices will also appear on the Settings > Devices screen in Authy, and you can remove any devices you like from here. Once you’ve added all the devices you want, head back to Settings > Devices in Authy and disable the “Allow Multi-device” option. The multi-device sync feature will keep functioning normally, you just won’t be able to add new devices. This is a good thing, since adding devices uses SMS—which, as we already discussed, is insecure. So you only want to turn this option on if you’re adding a new device. Then disable it afterwards.   Note, however, if you disable multi-device and need to sign in on a new device—for example, perhaps you only had Authy on your phone and your phone was lost, damaged, or stolen—you won’t be able to do so. You’ll see a message saying multi-device is disabled and you need to re-enable it. If you only had Authy on a single device and you no longer have access to that device, you won’t be able to access your codes. Authy has an account recovery form you’ll need to use, and it may take 24 hours before you get a response. This will wipe all the devices from your account and allow you to start over. However, if you’ve backed up your data, you’ll be able to provide your backups password and regain your codes afterwards. Authy officially recommends adding two (or more) devices to your Authy account and then disabling the “Allow multi-device” feature. No one will be able to gain access to your account until you re-enable multi-device. If you lose access to one device, you can always re-enable multi-device and add a new device. However, if you just have a single device, you may want to think twice before disabling the multi-device feature. This will make it more difficult to access your code backups if you ever lose access to your single device. For more technical details, read Authy’s official blog posts about the multi-device feature and how backups work. JOIN THE DISCUSSION (3 REPLIES) Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Chris Hoffman is a technology writer and all-around computer geek. He's as at home using the Linux terminal as he is digging into the Windows registry. Connect with him on Google+. Published 06/9/17 DID YOU KNOW? Chameleons change their colors using chromatophores, a specialized type of cell that contains tiny sacs of pigments; when a chameleon shifts color, they do so by expanding or contracting these sacs to change the color of the cells. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK Why You Don’t Need to Install a Third-Party Firewall (And When You Do) 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow Mac How to Run Android Apps and Games on Your Windows Desktop with BlueStacks Nest vs. Ecobee3 vs. Honeywell Lyric: Which Smart Thermostat Should You Buy? 7 Ways To Free Up Disk Space on a MacBook 7 Ways To Free Up Hard Disk Space On Windows What is “Beamforming” on a Wireless Router? Browser Slow? How to Make Internet Explorer 9 Fast Again How to Disable Cortana in Windows 10’s Anniversary Update Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum How-To Geek Pro Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
Just In 25mins Pakistani lawmaker seeks probe into Musharraf-era nuke proliferation 34mins Champions Trophy 2017: It’s do-or-die for India and South Africa 36mins Shivraj Singh Chauhan begins fast to restore peace 43mins Ram Charan’s next titled ‘Rangasthalam 1985’ 44mins Suriya to produce Karthi’s next film 1hr U.S. forces join Philippine troops to end city siege 1hr Kohli ready for India’s crunch clash against South Africa 1hr Cabinet meeting provides first post-election test for embattled Theresa May 1hr Mortaza optimistic after ‘phenomenal’ win over New Zealand 1hr Argentine town braces for Messi's wedding 2hrs Rashid Khan spins Afghanistan to victory over West Indies in ODI series opener 2hrs One killed as helicopter crashes in Badrinath 3hrs Srinivas Kuchibhotla murder: Kansas man charged with hate crime 3hrs Brazil electoral court dismisses case that could have ousted President Michel Temer 4hrs China, Kazakhstan sign deals worth over $8 billion Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD A world of their own Share On JUST IN 25mins Pakistani lawmaker seeks probe into Musharraf-era nuke proliferation 34mins Champions Trophy 2017: It’s do-or-die for India and South Africa 36mins Shivraj Singh Chauhan begins fast to restore peace 43mins Ram Charan’s next titled ‘Rangasthalam 1985’ 44mins Suriya to produce Karthi’s next film 1hr U.S. forces join Philippine troops to end city siege 1hr Kohli ready for India’s crunch clash against South Africa 1hr Cabinet meeting provides first post-election test for embattled Theresa May 1hr Mortaza optimistic after ‘phenomenal’ win over New Zealand 1hr Argentine town braces for Messi's wedding 2hrs Rashid Khan spins Afghanistan to victory over West Indies in ODI series opener 2hrs One killed as helicopter crashes in Badrinath 3hrs Srinivas Kuchibhotla murder: Kansas man charged with hate crime 3hrs Brazil electoral court dismisses case that could have ousted President Michel Temer 4hrs China, Kazakhstan sign deals worth over $8 billion CLOSE Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet Chennai Silks fire: The story till now Sci-Tech Internet Virtual insanity Internet A world of their own Suprateek Chatterjee June 09, 2017 16:14 IST Updated: June 09, 2017 16:14 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Suprateek Chatterjee June 09, 2017 16:14 IST Updated: June 09, 2017 16:14 IST more-in The Hindu Weekend WeChat is much more than just China’s answer to WhatsApp As I write, I’m in an apartment in Beijing, constantly toggling on and off a browser extension that functions as my Virtual Private Network (VPN) here. This may seem like a strange thing to do while on vacation, but it’s the only way I can connect to the ‘outside world’ — Google, Facebook, and Twitter are banned in China, as you probably know but occasionally forget, given how central to our lives these social networks have become. It may seem like the Chinese are missing out on a lot, but try telling them that. For Google, they have Baidu. For Facebook, they have Renren, among others. For Twitter, they have Weibo. Barring the first, I haven’t felt the need to look up the others. But nothing compares to the ubiquity of WeChat, China’s most popular messaging app. According to a recent report, it is also one of the largest standalone messaging apps in the world, with 938 million monthly active users. It is impossible to be in China and be unaware of WeChat. It’s everywhere. I travel by the subway and see almost everyone who isn’t having a conversation with someone with their noses into their phones, and about 90% of the time they seem to be using WeChat. Every establishment, be it a restaurant, a corner store or supermarket, has a QR code that allows users to pay or transfer money via the app (whose interface some of our recently popularised digital wallets have quite faithfully ripped off, I must say — even the final notification screen after a payment has been made looks almost exactly the same as it does on PayTM, which gained prominence after the government’s move to demonetise 85% of India’s paper currency last November). People use it to pay bills, book airline or rail or movie tickets, or call for taxis through its millions of third-party apps, which allows for media companies, celebrities, banks, and start-ups to function as standalone accounts that can ‘test’ an app on the WeChat platform before going official. Before coming to China, I thought of WeChat as the Chinese alternative to WhatsApp, but it’s much more — it’s a closed system within itself. Small wonder then that, according to latest reports, in response to ongoing rumours about WeChat being removed from the Apple App Store for failing to comply with certain new terms, social media users in China have declared emphatically that they’d sooner throw away their iPhones than live in a world where WeChat does not exist on the App Store. The digital revolution India seems to be aiming for is well underway here in practice. Expats living in Beijing tell me about how WeChat groups have helped them navigate life in a city where spoken English is uncommon, and how adding people on WeChat is a sort of digital ‘handshake’. People are quick to share IDs or let people scan their unique QR codes to become ‘friends’; they’re much less likely to actually give you their phone numbers. For me, this short trip has been a fascinating insight into a sub-culture that seems to be one of the key drivers of modern Chinese life. Suprateek Chatterjee is a Mumbai-based freelance journalist who writes on film, music and popular culture, and tweets at @SupraMario Post a Comment More In Internet internet Related Articles << Previous Story Internet extremism and how to combat it Next Story >> Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Jun 10, 2017 12:35:34 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/sci-tech/technology/internet/wechat-whatsapp-and-chinas-social-media/article18914790.ece © The Hindu Leaked documents from Facebook show types of content it allows Leaked Facebook Inc documents show how the social media company moderates issues such as hate speech, terrorism, pornography and self-harm on its Reuters Top Picks in The Hindu today Argentine town braces for Messi's wedding The week in cinema: cast of Rajini's 'Kaala'; an update on the next 'Avengers' film and more Life in the cut-off lane Numismatists in a fix after note ban Raabta: this convoluted tale fails to sparkle I watched ‘Dangal’ and liked it: Chinese President Xi tells Modi ICC Women’s World Cup 2017: squads and fixtures The Mummy: A disappointing reboot 'Jab Harry Met Sejal': Imtiaz Ali’s next with Shah Rukh and Anushka ‘Behen Hogi Teri’ review: Love in the neighbourhood CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Young World Club Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology CyberSecurity More than 50,000 Android devices may be infected with dangerous 'Dvmap' malware Kaspersky Lab experts warn code-injection malware spread via Google Play Store. By Jason Murdock June 9, 2017 11:50 BST 'I think that the authors are still testing this malware,' Kaspersky expert says iStock More than 50,000 Android devices have downloaded a strain of Android malware, known as "DvMap", which contains rare abilities to allow hackers and cybercriminals to gain "root" access to a smartphone or tablet and inject malicious code directly into system libraries. This, as Russia-based security firm Kaspersky Lab said in an analysis this week (8 June), meant the DvMap variant was more sophisticated than most run-of-the-mill malware. The team claimed the discovery may have prevented a "massive and dangerous" future outbreak. One of the infected applications on the official Google Play Store was called ColourBlock, described as a "challenging, addictive" puzzle game. The malware was initially observed by the researchers in April this year, was reported to Google on 25 May and finally removed this week (6 June). "The distribution of rooting malware through Google Play is not a new thing. But Dvmap is very special rooting malware," said Kaspersky malware analyst Roman Unuchek in a blog post. "The most interesting thing is that it injects malicious code into the system libraries," he added. Unuchek said DvMap is the "first Android malware that injects malicious code into the system libraries in runtime" and warned its developers found a way to bypass Google's security checks by uploading a clean app, then updating it with malware for a short period of time – and repeat. The culprits did this process at least five times between 18 April and 15 May, Kaspersky found. Each malware-ridden application had the same capabilities: it attempts to gain root – or core – rights on the device and then install several "tools" into the system. Then, it checks the Android version installed and overwrites existing code with malicious code with a patch. The Trojan then puts the patched library into the device's main directory to ensure it runs alongside main system processes. The file can turn off "VerifyApps", Google's main way of scanning software as it's installed, and permit the installation of dodgy apps from third-party sources. The Trojan uses four different exploit pack files, three for 32-bit systems and one for 64-bit-systems, Kaspersky said. Android users warned of abilities of  malware Reuters Unuchek was able to successfully connect to the criminals' command and control (C&C) server but that's as far as current analysis goes. "I don't know what kind of files will be executed, but they could be malicious or advertising files," he said. "This Trojan was distributed through the Google Play Store and uses a number of very dangerous techniques, including patching system libraries," he continued. "It looks like its main purpose is to get into the system and execute downloaded files with root rights. I think the authors are still testing this malware, because they use some techniques which can break the infected devices. They already have a lot of infected users [...] to test their methods. "But I hope that by uncovering this malware at such an early stage, we will be able to prevent a massive and dangerous attack when the attackers are ready to actively use their methods." Read more: Can you hack Android? Google will pay up to $200,000 if you find a way Read more on IBTimes UK Technology Former FBI chief James Comey says 'no doubt' Russia-linked hackers leaked DNC files 'They don't get it': Cybersecurity experts destroy UK government's stance on encryption Bruce Schneier on dangers of IoT: 'We're building a world-sized robot that's getting more powerful' Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Five big predictions for E3 2017 from Project Scorpio's name to Bethesda's new IP Columnists Alastair Campbell “Theresa May just damaged herself, her party, and her country - she won't last long READ MORE Self-flying plane: Boeing to test pilotless jetliners in 2018 The company is working on AI that can make the same decisions pilots... Kodi's Phoenix add-on shuts down after losing piracy battle XMBC favourite shuttered after US network pursues major add-ons for... Rare pair of 'mythical' Apple sneakers hit eBay for crazy money Apple made trainers for its staff in the 1990s, and although unloved... Did North Korea fire spy drone across the border? Rival South says it found UAV within its territory The drone was equipped with a camera and was found on a mountain near... 'Mastermind' behind sick online teen suicide game identified as Russian postman Police arrest Ilya Sidorov who admitted to being administrator of... Apple Macs CAN get viruses as security myth busted by experts It's not widespread, but experts warn Apple devices open to malware... Microsoft signs deal to acquire Israeli security firm Hexadite Hexadite will work as part of Microsoft's Windows and Devices Group. Boeing reveals plans for fleet of giant robotic underwater military drones Partnership with Huntingdon Ingalls will boost development of... 10 best tips, tricks and hidden features of iOS 11 for iPhone and iPad One-handed keyboard, screen recording, dark mode and much more from... Amazon set to get green light from India for its grocery delivery service Amazon believes its investment could help modernise India's retail... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Are there folders in Gmail? (Plus answers to other popular Google searches) When you're searching for answers, Google's autosuggest feature lets you know what other people are looking for when they start with the same search terms. In this week's installment of our Google Autosuggest series, we provide some answers to the most popular queries about Google's insanely popular email service. By Ed Bott for The Ed Bott Report | June 9, 2017 -- 10:15 GMT (03:15 PDT) | Topic: Enterprise Software Google's autosuggest feature lets you know, sometimes with spooky accuracy, what other people are looking for when conducting queries similar to yours. So, with Google's help, we provide answers to a few of the most popular searches about Gmail. How much does Gmail cost? The consumer version of Gmail is completely free. When you sign up for a new Google account, you get an email address in the gmail.com domain, along with 15GB of storage to be shared across Google Drive, Gmail, and Google Photos. (You can pay to increase that cloud storage.) Businesses can get a paid version of Gmail called G Suite that includes central administration tools, support for custom domains, and increased cloud storage. The Basic plan ($5 per user per month) includes 30GB of storage per user account. Business accounts ($10 per user per month) include unlimited storage, archiving, and eDiscovery support. Enterprise accounts offer additional features at a custom price. Are there folders in Gmail? Not exactly. Gmail supports labels, which can be attached to email conversations. They work enough like folders that Gmail's Move To button includes an icon that looks like a folder but really just includes a list of labels. If you use one and only one label for each conversation, this has the practical effect of organizing those conversations into something that looks a lot like folders. To hopelessly confuse anyone used to traditional email clients, you can attach multiple labels to a single conversation so that a single conversation appears in multiple "folders." If you're still confused, this Help topic might be useful: Organize your Gmail inbox using labels Does Gmail work with Outlook? Yes, but with a caveat. Google wants you to use its services through a web browser, preferably Google Chrome. If you use Microsoft Outlook, you'll lose access to some Google features, including labels (see the previous question), which are converted to folders in Outlook. If you connect a free Gmail account to Outlook (or another third-party client program), it uses the IMAP protocol, which synchronizes messages and other items with an Outlook data store. In managed environments with paid G Suite accounts, you can use the G Suite Sync for Microsoft Outlook tool (GSSMO) to synchronize email, calendar events, and contacts. Can I change my Gmail address? Sorry, no. If you decide you no longer like your old Gmail address, the workaround requires three steps: Create a new account using the address you prefer. Import your current messages to the new account. Set up forwarding from the old address to the new one. How do I block someone on Gmail? If you've received a message from a sender you don't ever want to hear from again, open the message in Gmail and click the down arrow in the upper right corner, next to the date/time stamp. From that list, choose Block <sender>. To see a list of all blocked addresses, go to Settings > Filters and Blocked Addresses. The list of blocked addresses appears at the bottom of that tab. More Windows 10 Want ransomware-proof Windows? Use Windows 10 S, says Microsoft New Windows 10 Fall Creators Update test build adds new Cortana, dictation, Edge features Windows 10 tip: Save a copy (or two) of your BitLocker recovery key Windows 10 leak shows Microsoft building new version for power PCs, workstations Microsoft's Windows 10: Some coming features emerge amid the test-build mess Microsoft's Windows 10 Creators Update starts rolling out to Surface Hub Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Artificial Intelligence What it takes to build artificial intelligence skills Cloud ​Oracle to use Kubernetes to manage its cloud containers Cloud LogMeIn launches Bold360 CRM suite, faces crowded market Storage ATO SAN could not handle more than one drive or cage failure thanks to HPE design × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 9 June 2017 | MYT 4:54 PM Baidu’s iQiyi in talks with Google amid content partnership push A deal with Google would be unusual given iQiyi is controlled by Baidu Inc, China’s biggest search engine. — Reuters iQiyi, China’s most popular Netflix-style streaming video service, is looking to sign partnerships with Google and other global players as it seeks to lure content and hardware providers onto its service.  iQiyi is offering to share more data and revenue with partners to bolster its platform, said Duan Youqiao, a senior vice president and head of its virtual reality business. A deal with Google would be unusual given iQiyi is controlled by Baidu Inc, China’s biggest search engine.  The renewed push for content comes as iQiyi and its parent square off against cashed-up rivals Tencent Holdings Ltd. and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., which have committed to pouring billions of dollars into competing streaming video services.  “We’re always in communication with Google over their technology and platforms but at the moment we haven’t signed an agreement,” Duan said. “We’re currently in talks.”  Duan spoke during iQiyi Technology and Entertainment World – an annual event where the company courts content partners and advertisers. Other speakers included Baidu’s new group president Qi Lu and Google Spotlight Stories tech lead Rachid El Guerrab. The Google programme produces content for virtual reality.  Baidu’s Lu gave a speech that talked about the company’s strengths in artificial intelligence and its digital assistant, DuerOS.  Selected content partners would get detailed demographic data, ranging from the inferred age and gender of a viewer to the scenes and actors they’d skipped, iQiyi chief executive officer Gong Yu said. Such a move would help content providers create more popular shows that generate higher revenue.  Many of the Google services that are relied on to distribute content, such as YouTube, remain blocked in China, reducing its ability to expand in the country. — Bloomberg Related Stories You May Be Interested For some Californians, it’s bring your dog to work day every day AI ‘good for the world’... says ultra-lifelike robot Breath of fresh air: 4 ways to improve air quality at home 10 last-minute IKEA styling tips for Raya Reasons why mums are our heroes 6 places you must visit in your lifetime Others Also Read Tiger Woods told arresting officer he had taken depression meds Brand launches campaign to promote hygiene The king of swing on a bicycle advertisement Latest News Are you ready for robot doctors? Android creator enters smartphone market with Essential brand Extra lives: What’s driving the surge in videogame stocks Airbnb launches platform connecting hosts to refugees and the displaced New PC games feature space action, dark futures and hard driving Most Viewed in Tech Android creator enters smartphone market with Essential brand Extra lives: What’s driving the surge in videogame stocks Airbnb launches platform connecting hosts to refugees and the displaced New PC games feature space action, dark futures and hard driving Festive deals for Samsung Galaxy smartphones New Surface Pro sports 13.5 hours of battery life and LTE Developer behind Pokémon Go backs Apple’s push into AR Asus presents wireless router with a big hole in the middle Tech CEOs Cook, Bezos, Catz said to attend Kushner-led summit Thailand to target Facebook profits over videos of royal family Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Home News Reviews Video Connected Home Appliances Garden & Garage Health Home Control Home Networking Home Security Hubs & Controllers Internet of Things Kitchen Lighting Security Cameras Thermostats Entertainment Cord Cutting Home audio Smart TVs Streaming Hardware Streaming Media Streaming services Resources    🔎 Home Cloud & Services News How streaming TV services are coping with ISP data caps Services like MLB TV, PlayStation Vue, and others that stream video over the internet look to minimize the damage as Comcast, AT&T, and other internet service providers impose limits on home internet use. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Jared Newman TechHive | Jun 9, 2017 3:00 AM PT More like this Streaming TV industry says "meh" to 4K, but it loves HDR Streaming TV quality sucks compared to broadcast. Here's how the industry... Hulu wants to change TV; here's why it can't Video ShapeScale 3D body scanner hands-on BAMTech chief technology officer Joe Inzerillo doesn’t mince words on how broadband data caps might threaten the online video explosion. “I don’t think it’s healthy for the industry,” Inzerillo said during the Streaming Media East conference in New York in May. “I think an open, free internet—not free in terms of cost, but free of encumbrance from data caps—is the right thing to do.” Inzerillo is in a position to be concerned. BAMTech, a spinoff of MLB Advanced Media, provides the streaming technology for many popular online video services, including HBO Now, Sony’s PlayStation Vue, WWE Network, and MLB TV. Those services are becoming increasingly attractive to consumers who want to cut cable TV, or at least shave the size of their pay TV packages. [ Further reading: The best media streaming devices ] But perhaps in response to the rise of cord cutting, several major home internet providers are now trying to curb streaming video use through data caps. Internet service providers Comcast and Cox have both set 1TB caps in some markets, while AT&T sets varying limits based on speed tiers. All three companies charge an additional $10 per 50GB in excess of their limits, and if you want to restore unlimited data, Comcast charges $50 per month extra and AT&T charges $30 per month extra. Mentioned in this article Apple TV (2015)  TechHive rating MSRP $149.00Learn more on Apple So during his conference keynote, I asked Inzerillo whether he was concerned about these developments, and what a company like BAMTech might be able do about it. Aside from just lobbying the federal government for more consumer-friendly policies, Inzerillo said we might see streaming providers tweak their apps to offer greater control over data consumption. Letting users reduce a stream’s frame rate from 60 frames per second to 30 frames per second, for instance, would consume far less bandwidth, as would reducing stream resolution to less than 1080p. Some streaming services, such as Sling TV, already offer various bandwidth settings. Inzerillo said that in general, the more aggressive ISPs get, the more options you’ll see to keep consumers in control. He pointed to wireless carrier programs such as T-Mobile’s Binge On program as evidence that people are willing to make those trade-offs. “You can imagine that there’s some more of those switches, so people can elect to sacrifice quality for bandwidth,” he said. Sling TV Sling TV has supported multiple quality settings since its launch in early 2015. Inzerillo did say that he didn’t believe data caps on the wired side are too onerous right now, and suggested that their main purpose is to limit congestion. (For what it’s worth, this contradicts the explanation from ISPs, who’ve more or less admitted that the goal is to not to avoid congestion, but to extract money from people who use more data.) Still, he reiterated that home data caps are worrisome for the streaming industry. “Certainly data caps are not good from a content provider standpoint,” he said. “Certainly nobody wants them to be super restrictive.” New codecs could help Letting people trade higher quality for lower data consumption is one approach to fighting data caps, but streaming services are also trying to reduce data usage via new codecs (compression/decompression programs). Modern codecs could enable streaming providers to consume far less bandwidth without experiencing a noticeable drop in quality. Mentioned in this article Amazon Fire TV Stick with Alexa Voice Remote (2016)  TechHive rating $39.99MSRP $39.99View on Amazon The compression issue, however, is much more complicated than just adding a few more quality levers for users. Two formats vying to replace H.264, but there's little consensus as to how the industry should move forward. HEVC (High Efficiency Video Coding), aka H.265, has been widely adopted in 4K smart TVs and streaming boxes, but non-4K devices and streaming services have avoided so they don't have to pay royalties for the intellectual property it's based on. Google has pushed a free and open alternative called VP9, but it’s not as widely used by hardware makers, and Netflix has found VP9 to be less efficient than HEVC. Google nonetheless now requires all YouTube-certified televisions to support VP9, according to Matt Frost, Google’s head of strategy and partnerships for Chrome. In a brief interview after his keynote, Inzerillo said this fragmentation has been a problem for companies like BAMTech, which don’t want to keep duplicate their media to support lots of different formats. “The notion of having a totally different stack, because this thing wants to speak VP9, and this thing wants to speak HEVC, that’s the stuff that’s an economic drain on the industry, and it also is one of those things where everyone gets a worse experience,” Inzerillo said. “So what we’re really pushing for is unilateral adoption.” TechHive Might a subscription to a TV streaming service such as MLB.TV cause you to bump into your ISP's data cap? To complicate matters further, a group called the Alliance for Open Media is working on a new royalty-free format called AV1. Google, Netflix, Amazon, Microsoft, and several major chip vendors are among that group’s members, and their goal is to push out an initial version that runs on desktop web browsers by the end of this year. During a presentation at the conference, Google’s Matt Frost said the group is targeting a 40- to 50 percent improvement over HEVC. “The AV1 ecosystem is gearing up,” Frost said. Even so, it could be years before AV1 sees wide adoption on TVs and streaming boxes, and Inzerillo noted that despite the format’s goal of avoiding royalty issues from the outset, it hasn’t been tested in the real world. “If they do infringe, then you’re backing into a lawsuit with even less certainty” than HEVC, he said. Mentioned in this article Roku Streaming Stick (2016)  TechHive rating $39.99MSRP $49.99View on Amazon In the meantime, some companies are stepping in with proprietary solutions. At the conference, for instance, a company called BeamR was promising up to 50-percent data reduction for H.264 video with little noticeable difference in visual quality. Netflix has also come up with its own technique for optimizing data use in each of its videos. Granted, these techniques aren’t explicitly aimed at fighting home data caps. One of the big goals for AV1, Google’s Matt Frost said, is to make streaming video more accessible in emerging markets. It just so happens that those benefits might trickle over to U.S. internet users, “All of the companies—Google, Netflix, Facebook—are really focused on getting video to the next billion users, who may be coming in on a 2G network, who are looking at 240p or 144p video, really small stuff, who are subject to data caps,” Frost said. “So, getting those gains for low resolution is hugely important.” Just leave it to ISPs in the U.S. to create a similar—yet largely unnecessary—dilemma for their customers. To comment on this article and other TechHive content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Cloud & Services Streaming Services Cord Cutting Apple TV Netflix Jared writes for PCWorld and TechHive from his remote outpost in Cincinnati. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon TechHive TechHive helps you find your tech sweet spot. We steer you to products you'll love and show you how to get the most out of them. About Us Contact Us Magazines, eBooks & Apps Newsletters RSS Privacy Policy Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Ad Choices TechHive CATEGORIES Connected Home Cord Cutting Home Audio Home Networking Home Security Hubs & Controllers Internet of Things Lighting Smart Appliances Streaming Media Thermostats IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub PCWorld Macworld Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
T3 The Gadget Website Search News Reviews Mobile Entertainment Home & Kitchen More Living Auto Magazine More The best sunglasses Should you buy Nest Cam IQ? What's in iOS 11? Incoming: Xbox Project Scorpio News T3 Smackdown: Apple HomePod vs Amazon Echo vs Google Home T3 Smackdown: Apple HomePod vs Amazon Echo vs Google Home By David Nield   A surfeit of smart speakers Shares If you were paying attention to the start of Apple's developer conference on Monday, you'll have noticed that the tech giant launched a brand new product with an odd-sounding name: the HomePod. Yes, it's the long-rumoured Siri speaker we've all been waiting for. Or have we? With the Amazon Echo nearly three years old and the Google Home now available in the US and the UK as well, Apple has some stiff competition in the smart speaker space. Here we pit the three devices against each other in all the key categories. Audio performance Apple has been making much of the audio capabilities of its brand new HomePod, saying that it's powerful enough to fill a whole room with rich sound. The speaker has a seven-tweeter array, a custom-built subwoofer, echo cancellation and real-time acoustic modelling to adjust to the environment it finds itself in. Of course we have to take Apple's word for all this - it's not actually out until December. It's probably fair to say Google and Amazon are less interested in audio performance, though their speakers still sound decent. The Google Home has what it calls a high excursion speaker with a 2-inch driver and two 2-inch passive radiators: we've used one and it sounds good enough to enjoy your music on. Not as good as a Sonos speaker, but not as bad as a cheap Bluetooth speaker either. As for the Amazon Echo, the full-sized version of the device is fitted with a 2.5-inch tweeter, and a 2-inch subwoofer. Again, we've heard the audio performance of the Echo for ourselves, and we'd put it just slightly below the Google Home - it'll do for a party or some casual listening but serious music enthusiasts are going to be left wanting. You do have the option of the cheaper Echo Dot, of course, which you can plug into any speaker system you like. Smart assistant You may already be familiar with one or more of Siri, Google Assistant and Alexa, the smart assistants that power these speakers. Siri is the oldest and the most polished, although very much locked to Apple's platform - if you've got an iPhone, iPad or macOS computer, you're probably already good friends with Siri. It has a wide range of talents, and usually recognises what you're trying to say well enough. Google Assistant probably has the edge over Siri when it comes to understanding what you're getting at and what your requests mean, thanks to its superior natural language processing. It's not quite as comprehensive as Siri in what it can actually do though - at least not yet. Google is still in the process of rolling it out to Android and adding extra capabilities, but it benefits from all the data its maker can collect on you, which means a more personalised experience (as well as more privacy worries). Alexa - just like the Amazon website - is sprawling and a little untidy around the edges. The number of skills it has run into the tens of thousands, but just how many of them are actually useful is another matter. Plus, Alexa has the disadvantage of not being able to collect information about you from either Android or iOS. There's no doubt Alexa is a very capable assistant with a lot of strings to its bow - and voice recognition has evolved to be very good - but the assistants from Apple and Google feel more rounded, thanks to their being in more places. Other key features If you're streaming music to a speaker, you'll want to know about the compatible services. The HomePod, surprise surprise, only works with Apple Music (and AirPlay), whereas the Google Home supports Google Play Music and Spotify and the Amazon Echo supports Amazon Prime Music and Spotify. The Echo and Google Home also work via Bluetooth, so you can stream audio from virtually any app, and Google's device doubles as a casting device too, which means audio can be piped from any app with Google Cast support. Both the Google Home and the HomePod have a sleeker aesthetic design, though on the other hand Alexa is available in three different speakers: the Echo, the Echo Dot, and the portable Amazon Tap. The Google Home has decent integration with Chromecast devices for putting Netflix or YouTube up on the big screen, while the HomePod is expected to play nicely with HomeKit. The speakers from both Amazon and Google support a growing number of third-party smart home devices too. As for multi-room support, this is something the HomePod (via AirPlay) and the Google Home (via Google Cast) can do, but the Amazon Echo can't - although it's expected to add the capability soon. Another advantage the Google Home has for now is the ability to recognise multiple users, so more than one person can use the speaker. The Echo can support multiple users as well, but you need to manually switch accounts by name, at least for now - the speaker can't identify people from their voices. Prices and verdict It's hard to say without hearing it for ourselves, but from first impressions it seems that Apple's new HomePod is going to be the best-sounding speaker yet. You're also going to have to pay a price for that quality - it retails for $349 (UK price to be announced, but it'll probably be close to a straight dollar-to-pound conversion). The Google Home, meanwhile, could reasonably claim to have the best digital assistant inside. Google is making huge strides forward in AI and natural language understanding, and of course knows more about you than Apple or Amazon, which helps with personalisation. The device costs £129 or $129, a lot less than the HomePod. Then there's the Amazon Echo, which is ideal if you're a heavy Amazon user - Prime packages, Prime Music, and so on. It also has the most add-ons and the most capabilities in terms of skills, though it lacks the all-around personalisation that Google Assistant and Siri can offer. The full-sized Echo costs £149.99 or $179.99, with the Dot at £49.99/$49.99 and the Tap at $129.99 (US only). We should also mention the recently unveiled Amazon Echo Show ($229.99, US only), with all the goodness of the Echo plus a speaker. There's a lot of overlap with these devices and we'll get a more detailed picture when the HomePod actually launches, but for now it seems Apple is focusing on the audio quality above all else - and charging a significant sum for it. Which speaker is best for you really comes down to which company's services you use the most - Apple, Google or Amazon - and that's the case for more and more devices now. Want to make your home really smart? Move in to T3's ultimate connected home Topics Google Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 DJI Spark is the tiny drone that flies from your hand gestures alone 2 T3 called it! Xbox Game Pass to launch on 1 June: offers Netflix-style games subscription service 3 5 reasons you should ditch your Macbook for the new Huawei Matebook X 4 10 best running headphones to soundtrack epic exercise, running the big miles and hitting the gym 5 The best BBQ 2017 from portable to large, charcoal to gas, grills to smokers 1 Pocket chainsaw invented! World rejoices! Prince bloody Philip buys one! 2 T3 called it! Xbox Game Pass to launch on 1 June: offers Netflix-style games subscription service 3 Best golf drivers 2017: give John Daly a run for his money with one of these clutch clubs 4 T3 Smackdown: The new Surface Pro vs the Surface Pro 4 5 5 reasons you should ditch your Macbook for the new Huawei Matebook X T3 is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy TechRadar © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Consumer Confidential With David Lazarus BUSINESS Consumer Confidential Column 'Alexa, what's my blood sugar level and how much insulin should I take?' TNS The Alexa Diabetes Challenge for the Amazon Echo is just one of a number of high-tech initiatives aimed at improving management of chronic conditions. The Alexa Diabetes Challenge for the Amazon Echo is just one of a number of high-tech initiatives aimed at improving management of chronic conditions. (TNS) David LazarusContact Reporter It’s become a punchline in the tech industry that every start-up is out to change the world. When it comes to medical technology, however, some of the biggest names in Silicon Valley are poised to do just that. Apple, Google and Amazon have announced or are reported to be developing cutting-edge technologies for managing diabetes, one of the fastest-growing chronic illnesses, affecting more than 420 million people worldwide. Experts say we’re at the dawn of a new era of personal technology for a variety of chronic conditions, including diabetes, heart disease and hypertension. “It really isn’t a surprise you’d see companies like Apple and Google focusing on this,” said Mike Matson, a senior analyst at the investment firm Needham & Co. “They’re always looking for new opportunities for growth and healthcare is a big market.” Managing a chronic condition can depend on easy access to data, he said. “If you’re a Google or Apple, you know how to manage data.” The latest diabetes-related tech endeavor to be announced is the Alexa Diabetes Challenge, which focuses on finding ways for the Amazon Echo smart speaker — and its Alexa digital assistant — to assist people with Type 2 diabetes in living healthier lives. Type 2 is by far the most common form of diabetes, frequently associated with obesity. Roughly 95% of the nearly 30 million Americans with diabetes are Type 2. Karen Ravn It’s a safe bet that you’d like to avoid getting Alzheimer’s. But you probably haven’t done the one thing that could make you five times more likely to reach the age of 85 without getting the disease and 7.5 times more likely to have suffered no memory loss or other major cognitive decline. Don’t... It’s a safe bet that you’d like to avoid getting Alzheimer’s. But you probably haven’t done the one thing that could make you five times more likely to reach the age of 85 without getting the disease and 7.5 times more likely to have suffered no memory loss or other major cognitive decline. Don’t... (Karen Ravn) The Alexa challenge features a $125,000 grand prize for whoever comes up with the best diabetes app for the Amazon Echo, as well as $25,000 each for up to five finalists. Funding is being provided by the drug company Merck, manufacturer of the Type 2 meds Januvia and Janumet. Not surprisingly for the tech industry, the contest boasts a very fast pace. It was announced in April. The deadline for submissions was last month. Finalists will be announced in July. Demos of selected apps will be conducted in September and a grand prize winner will be announced in October. It’s thus entirely possible that people with diabetes may be using some of these apps by the end of the year. An Amazon spokeswoman declined to comment. “There’s so much information for diabetes management available,” said Sara Holoubek, chief executive of Luminary Labs, a New York consulting firm that’s organizing the Alexa Diabetes Challenge on behalf of Merck and Amazon. “So why is it still so hard to get that information? Maybe we can change that.” Alexa’s voice control is the key. Whereas someone newly diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes might not know where to start in researching and managing the disease, being able to ask Alexa basic questions may help get people on the right track. “What can I eat? How much exercise should I get?” Holoubek said, citing some of the unknowns that suddenly arise with a diabetes diagnosis. “Normally you’d ask your endocrinologist or diabetes educator. Alexa could be like having an educator in your home.” But that’s just a start. Holoubek said Merck and Amazon envision a networked household that incorporates various smart devices. For example, a person with Type 2 diabetes might weigh himself on a smart scale, which would transmit data to the Echo. The person’s blood-glucose monitor would do likewise. Now imagine if the person asks Alexa if it would be OK to eat some potato chips. Alexa theoretically would be able to calculate the effect this could have on his or her blood sugar. The system would be able to suggest how much activity would be needed to balance things out or, better still, come up with a more healthful snack. I have Type 1 diabetes — the autoimmune form that requires daily insulin injections — and managing the disease is a full-time job. I already have some very cool gizmos. I wear a glucose sensor on my torso that sends data to my iPhone, which in turn feeds my blood sugar level to my Pebble smartwatch for easy viewing. I have an Amazon Echo at home. It would be awesome if I could simply ask Alexa what my blood sugar is if I’m puttering around the house without my watch on, or if I’m in any danger of my sugar level crashing. How great would it be if I could ask Alexa how many carbs are in a plate of spaghetti carbonara? Or even have Alexa calculate my insulin dose before a meal? To be sure, there’s much testing to be done — and federal approvals to be obtained — before such systems are handling anything like that. But the Alexa Diabetes Challenge offers a clear indication that the tech industry is pushing boundaries. Apple reportedly is busy on this front as well, but, as usual, the company is keeping its cards close to the vest. According to recent, anonymously sourced reports, Apple is devoting significant resources, and big bucks, to giving its Apple Watch the ability to monitor blood sugar without a sensor being inserted under the skin (such as the one I use). Others have tried and failed to accomplish this feat, so if Apple can pull it off, this would represent a huge breakthrough in diabetes care. The company reportedly has dozens of biomedical researchers trying to measure blood sugar using optical sensors, perhaps implanted within the band of the Apple Watch. The sensors would shine a light through the skin that would provide readings in a painless, noninvasive fashion. CNBC reported last month that Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook was spotted “wearing a prototype glucose-tracker” with his Apple Watch. As best as I can tell, Cook doesn’t have diabetes, so he’s apparently been using himself as a guinea pig to see how well his company’s technology responds to different foods he eats. No one at Apple got back to me. For its part, Google’s parent company, Alphabet, announced last year that its life-sciences subsidiary, Verily, was partnering with the French drug company Sanofi on a $500-million joint venture aimed at improving diabetes care. Verily has a separate partnership with the British drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline. Among the various technologies Verily is pursuing is a smart contact lens that would monitor blood sugar levels. It’s being developed in conjunction with the Swiss drug company Novartis. Like Apple and Amazon, Google clammed up when I got in touch. The global market for diabetes care will be worth $35.5 billion by 2024, according to Grand View Research, and this represents a natural business opportunity for anyone in the information technology space. Meanwhile, the millions of people with diabetes worldwide reflect an economic cost of $825 billion a year, according to researchers from Harvard, Imperial College London and the World Health Organization. That’s an expensive problem just begging for a bold solution. The tools and treatments that people with chronic conditions have today are nothing less than magical compared with what was available just a few decades ago. There was a time, for instance, when a diagnosis of diabetes was a death sentence. Now we have killer apps on the horizon that may change the world. Caption How witnesses say the London Bridge attack happened.  Of all the scenes in 'Wonder Woman,' the fight scenes proved surprisingly emotional for some.  The Trump administration is calling this week 'infrastructure week.'  California's stepping up to battle climate change in light of the U.S. pulling out of the Paris Accord. First stop? China.  Trump nominated Christopher Wray, a former Justice Department official, to head the FBI. Compared to George W. Bush and Obama.  Turns out, our species is older than we thought.  James Comey delivers that startling account to Congress. How witnesses say the London Bridge attack happened.  Of all the scenes in 'Wonder Woman,' the fight scenes proved surprisingly emotional for some.  The Trump administration is calling this week 'infrastructure week.'  California's stepping up to battle climate change in light of the U.S. pulling out of the Paris Accord. First stop? China.  Trump nominated Christopher Wray, a former Justice Department official, to head the FBI. Compared to George W. Bush and Obama.  Turns out, our species is older than we thought.  James Comey delivers that startling account to Congress. Caption How witnesses say the London Bridge attack happened.  Of all the scenes in 'Wonder Woman,' the fight scenes proved surprisingly emotional for some.  The Trump administration is calling this week 'infrastructure week.'  California's stepping up to battle climate change in light of the U.S. pulling out of the Paris Accord. First stop? China.  Trump nominated Christopher Wray, a former Justice Department official, to head the FBI. Compared to George W. Bush and Obama.  Turns out, our species is older than we thought.  James Comey delivers that startling account to Congress. How witnesses say the London Bridge attack happened.  Of all the scenes in 'Wonder Woman,' the fight scenes proved surprisingly emotional for some.  The Trump administration is calling this week 'infrastructure week.'  California's stepping up to battle climate change in light of the U.S. pulling out of the Paris Accord. First stop? China.  Trump nominated Christopher Wray, a former Justice Department official, to head the FBI. Compared to George W. Bush and Obama.  Turns out, our species is older than we thought.  James Comey delivers that startling account to Congress. Caption President Trump denied asking fired FBI Director James B. Comey for a loyalty oath or requesting that he drop the investigation into former national security advisor Mike Flynn. President Trump denied asking fired FBI Director James B. Comey for a loyalty oath or requesting that he drop the investigation into former national security advisor Mike Flynn. Caption Check out the $3-million Bugatti Chiron: the world's fastest, most luxurious supercar. Trump delays EPA smog rules, but California forges ahead. Bad news for President Trump after Comey's hearing: Republicans aren't rushing to his defense. UK elections turned out to backfire for Theresa May. Check out the $3-million Bugatti Chiron: the world's fastest, most luxurious supercar. Trump delays EPA smog rules, but California forges ahead. Bad news for President Trump after Comey's hearing: Republicans aren't rushing to his defense. UK elections turned out to backfire for Theresa May. Caption Today, James Comey delivers that startling account to Congress. Turns out, our species is older than we thought. The Lakers should draft Lonzo Ball, at least that's what our columnist Bill Plaschke thinks. The Mojave Desert is full of eccentric wonders.   Credits: Jean-Jacques Hublin / European Pressphoto Agency / Getty / KTLA / Mel Melcon Today, James Comey delivers that startling account to Congress. Turns out, our species is older than we thought. The Lakers should draft Lonzo Ball, at least that's what our columnist Bill Plaschke thinks. The Mojave Desert is full of eccentric wonders.   Credits: Jean-Jacques Hublin / European Pressphoto Agency / Getty / KTLA / Mel Melcon Caption Former FBI Director James B. Comey testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday. He addressed his firing in his opening statement and said goodbye to co-workers.  Former FBI Director James B. Comey testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday. He addressed his firing in his opening statement and said goodbye to co-workers.  David Lazarus' column runs Tuesdays and Fridays. He also can be seen daily on KTLA-TV Channel 5 and followed on Twitter @Davidlaz. Send your tips or feedback to david.lazarus@latimes.com. ALSO Payday lenders, charging 460%, aren't subject to California's usury law Trump wants to deny nursing-home residents and their families the right to sue California bill would end 'purely profit-driven' practice of drug-company coupons Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Medical Research Diabetes Diseases and Illnesses Apple Inc. Apple Watch Tim Cook They dismissed her as a lightweight. But California's top judge has found her voice — and uses it to call out Trump policies Political Road Map: Trump's budget presents new challenge to California's long suffering unemployment fund Californians need to be so afraid of a huge earthquake that they take action, scientists say Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 64°
   FOLLOW PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION LOGIN / REGISTER press enter to search LOGIN / REGISTER PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION Home NEWS PULSE MULTIMEDIA MOST VIEWED MOST SHARED news NEWS politics world national city Business SE ASIA COMMUNITY COMMUNITY Youth OPINION OPINION ACADEMIA INTERVIEW JPLUS LIFESTYLE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ARTS & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS FOOD BOOKS TRAVEL TRAVEL News Destinations VIDEO VIDEO VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM PAPER EDITION PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER JPLUS BALI BUZZ JOBS follow JPLUS     LOGIN / REGISTER LOGIN / REGISTER PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION HOME LIFESTYLE entertainment arts & culture technology people health parents food books Video follow JPLUS     most viewed Three Indonesian smart cities to look up to Google preps for Ramadhan and Idul Fitri G-Dragon drops new solo album ‘Kwon Ji Yong’ "Blackface" video in Malaysia blasted on social media Traditional music with a jazzy touch in Banyuwangi Science & Tech Google preps for Ramadhan and Idul Fitri Masajeng Rahmiasri The Jakarta Post Jakarta | Fri, June 9, 2017 | 04:06 pm Shares  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    Shares  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    Users can utilize the Google Search feature to look for Ramadhan-related information, such as Ramadhan recipes, Ramadhan greetings and sunset countdown. (Shutterstock/Chonlachai) Google has highlighted several mobile apps and features to accompany users as they fast, as well as when they travel to their homeland during the Idul Fitri holiday. “We're introducing the latest features of Search, Maps, Play and YouTube to accompany users in the four most important moments of their Ramadhan, which are fasting, ngabuburit [waiting for iftar], mudik [exodus] and Idul Fitri,” said Google Indonesia marketing head Veronica Utami in an official statement. Google Search Users can utilize the Google Search feature to look for Ramadhan-related information, such as Ramadhan recipes, Ramadhan greetings and sunset countdown, simply by typing the keywords in the search bar or using the voice search feature within the Google App app. Do note that the voice search feature works best in Indonesian language setting when searching for Indonesian terms. Read also: Ramadhan recipe: Mandarin Oriental’s beef 'rendang' Google Maps Through collaboration with Qraved and Chope, Google Maps allows users to make restaurant reservation directly from the app. To use the feature, users will be asked to input the name of the desired restaurant in the search bar and access the “Find a Table” or “Book Now” (for iOS users) option. Do note that not all restaurants can be booked this way. Meanwhile, when traveling to their homeland, users can use the Google Maps to look for nearby mosque and gas station simply by typing “masjid dekat sini” (nearby mosque) or “pom bensin dekat sini” (nearby gas station). They can also search for the same keywords using the voice recognition feature. Those who are still on their way can share information of their whereabouts to friends and family by utilizing the location sharing feature from the app. Those who plan to travel within the Greater Jakarta area via the commuter line train can also utilize the real-time commuter line information within the app to look for train schedules, estimated travel times and fares. Read also: Google Music offers extra free month YouTube Those looking for Ramadhan-related videos can browse YouTube's Ramadhan Shelf. Users can watch the videos as they browse or save them to watch later, even without internet connection via YouTube's offline feature. The saved video will be available for 48 hours. Google Play Google stated that the search for entertainment content — which includes gaming — as well as promotion and online discounts increases during Ramadhan. Taking this into account, Google has created the #SalipLevel campaign that enables users to get up to 80 percent discount on 36 games and apps during Ramadhan. Google Share Photos After gathering with family members, users can easily save and share photos of the gathering via the Album Sharing feature in Google Photos. Users can log into the Google Photos app, access the Shared menu and send photos within the newly created album to a recipient’s phone number or email address. (kes) Tags : Google,Google-App,technology,smartphone,Ramadhan-2017,ramadhan,Lebaran-2017,Lebaran follow JPLUS     Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Hot Stories Food 20 hours ago Ramadhan Recipe: Four Seasons Hotel Jakarta’s date salad Entertainment 21 hours ago US Ambassador to Indonesia stars in local soap opera Science & Tech 22 hours ago Google preps for Ramadhan and Idul Fitri NEWS BUSINESS POLITICS WORLD NATIONAL CITY PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER ACADEMIA INTERVIEW OPINION TRAVEL NEWS DESTINATIONS MULTIMEDIA VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM LIFE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ART & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS BOOKS SOUTHEAST ASIA JOBS COMMUNITY YOUTH News     TRAVEL   Jobs   Our partners kompas.com tribunnews.com kontan.co.id Asia News Network Catch Asia! Media Network About Cyber Media Guidelines Contact Advertise Paper Subscription © 2017 PT. Niskala Media Tenggara
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News SC upholds linking Aadhaar with PAN, but exempts those without it for now India, Pak enter Shanghai group, PM Modi message to Xi Jinping and Nawaz Sharif SS Khaplang, patriarch of Naga war on India, passes away MP farmers’ unrest: One more death, protests reach Bhopal door, CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan announces fast ‘Arun Jaitley open to ideas at GST meet, not hard to be heard’ Home Technology Social Google Android O developer preview 3 released, confirms Android version 8.0 Google Android O developer preview 3 released, confirms Android version 8.0 Google Android O developer preview 3 has started rolling out, and it has confirmed that this version of Android will be dubbed as Android 8.0, and not Android 7.2. Google's Android beta can be installed on the Nexus smartphones, Google Pixel smartphones as well. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Published:June 9, 2017 3:05 pm Google Android O developer preview 3 has started rolling out, and it has confirmed that this version of Android will be dubbed as Android 8.0, and not Android 7.2. Related News New Google project digitizes world’s top fashion archives Google Pixel phones will receive Android O update in August: Report Google’s Android Nougat now on over 9% devices, Android M still dominates Google Android O developer preview 3 has started rolling out, and it has confirmed that this version of Android will be dubbed as Android 8.0, and not Android 7.2. According to AndroidPolice, the developer beta has been rolled out, and Android 8.0 is the version mentioned in the ‘About phone’ section of the phone. Of course, the final stable build of Android O is sometime away from an formal release. Google’s Android O beta is available for regular users as well, provided you have the right smartphone. The Android O beta went live for users after Google’s I/O conference, and currently Google Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Nexus Player, Pixel C tablet, Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphone users can get this new OS on their phones. To sign up for Google’s Android O Beta, you’ll have go to google.com/android/beta, sign in with your Google account here. Once that is done, your eligible device should be reflected on the list, and you’ll have to add this device to the Android O beta program. Google says you can take the device off the Android O beta list anytime. However, before you decide to do that, make sure you take a backup up of all the data on your phone. Once you delist the smartphone from Android O beta program, all data is erased from the device. In terms of features, Android O comes with features like improved battery performance thanks to background limits on apps, picture-in-picture option for apps like YouTube, Google Duo, as well as improved notifications channels. The background limits will put some restrictions on what code apps can execute in the background, and this could improve the overall battery performance. The picture-in-picture mode will allow users to continue watching a video on top of other app windows. Finally the notifications channels will give users control over the different kinds of notifications they receive with the option of blocking, snoozing notifications for a limited time. Android O also comes with support for high-quality Bluetooth audio codecs such as LDAC codec. For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd More Related News Google will pay upto $200,000 for finding a bug in Android OS Google Chrome to block some ‘annoying’ ads starting next year Tags: Google No Comments. Most Read UP Board 10th result 2017, result declared at upresults.nic.in: Where and how to check result UP Board Class 10th, 12th results 2017 declared on June 9, check here UP Board 12th result 2017, result declared at upresults.nic.in: Where and how to check result UP Board 10th Class result 2017 date and time: Results announced, pass percentage falls to 81.6 UP Board 12th Class result 2017 date and time: Results declared, Priyanshi Tewari tops with 96.2 per cent Best of Express Jammu and Kashmir: One militant killed as Army foils infiltration bid in Gurez sector Madhya Pradesh farmers' protest: CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan arrives in Bhopal, begins indefinite fast Helicopter accident in Badrinath kills one, pilots suffer injuries OpinionIn calling an unnecessary poll, Theresa May displayed both hubris and distance from reality OpinionPakistan, gripped by fear, tries to normalise blasphemy laws, anti-liberal violence Buzzing Now EntertainmentRaabta movie review: Sushant Singh Rajput, Kriti Sanon film is a rom con EntertainmentDiljit Dosanjh's short hair look without his turban has left fans shocked. See viral photos EntertainmentSonam Kapoor cuts her birthday cake with alleged beau Anand Ahuja by her side, watch videos TrendingVIDEO: Woman falls into open cellar as she was too busy texting while walking TrendingWATCH: This powerful video explaining the LGBTQ identities and sexuality is a must watch Top News Kansas shooting: Kuchibhotla's wife hails hate crime charges against suspect, says it 'brought relief in my heart' Pakistan lawmaker seeks probe into Musharraf-era nuke proliferation #GenderAnd: When we view everything through a gender perspective Need women in Army to face common people during operations: General Bipin Rawat SportsIndia vs Sri Lanka: A minor storm in the teacup SportsU-16 players, support staff yet to get daily allowance LifestyleCeleb airport style: Deepika Padukone and Jacqueline Fernandez are super cool babes on the go  Happy birthday, Sonam Kapoor: Here's a look at her best fashion picks in 2017 TechnologyApple iPhone 8 renders running iOS 11 leaked TechnologyiMCO Watch with Amazon Alexa in India at Rs 13,900, but will it work? Jun 10: Latest News Sara Ali Khan visits Kedarnath to seek blessings for her debut film co-starring Sushant Singh Rajput, see photo I watched Dangal, liked the actors as well as the movie: Chinese President Xi Jinping tells PM Narendra Modi Aamir Khan joins hands with Siddharth Roy Kapur for Rakesh Sharma biopic titled Salute Two killed as truck collides with car in UP SoftBank buys robotics leader Boston Dynamics from Alphabet                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Release notes for Play Services v11 have been posted with a new API for smooth SMS verification and several significant additions and deprecations Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 3:32pm PDTJun 8, 2017 13 Plus 1 on G+ 53 Share on Facebook 29 Share on Twitter Total Shares95 Development News Now that Google is through with its biggest developer conference of the year, it's time to deliver a few updates and fulfill some of the promises made during the event. Some of that is happening through an update to Play services. Google posted the release notes for the update and it includes a lot of additions, both big and small, and a few deprecations.   For the non-developers in the crowd, most of this stuff isn't going to matter all that much, but there is one new feature that might catch their interest. A new API will allow apps to perform SMS verifications without accessing the SMS history. It's probably not a big change for users, and developers will still have to implement some changes to their app and server code before it can be used, but it means there will be fewer apps with an excuse to poke around in your SMS messages. There are quite a few changes to the different APIs provided by Play services, and developers should definitely check out the full list here. Here are a few particularly interesting things worth highlighting: SmsRetriever API is the SMS verification API mentioned above. It allows apps to listen for incoming SMS messages intended for them without asking users for permission to read all of their messages. This means phone number verifications can be entirely seamless with no authorization dialogs or manual steps to copy a code from a text message. It works by giving a unique hash to apps so they can pass it back to the developer's server. That hash should then be sent via SMS to the user's phone and parsed by Play services. Once a message with the hash is identified, it will be passed directly to the primary app. The RemoteMediaPlayer class has been deprecated from the Cast API. If you're using the Cast SDK v2, there is a guide available for migrating to Cast SDK v3. As we were told during I/O, all developers are now free to build Instant Apps. Details can be found here. Significant additions to Nearby and SafetyNet APIs, as well as some handy new classes for working with the Fused Location Provider and Awareness capabilities. If you haven't already done it, go to the SDK Manager in Android Studio or the one included with the Android SDK and update the Google repository to get started with the latest APIs. Source: Google API Release Notes Tags api development google play services play services sdk subscribe ... Previous Story Gear S3 Classic LTE now available from Verizon ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Suicide_Note Yayyy! http://i1063.photobucket.com/albums/t506/bamalamsam/Victorious%20Gifs/yayyyy.gif Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ The strip turned pink? Josh Hoffman I miss the Magnus Hyttsten play services update videos. Last one was for 8.4 Cody Toombs I actually ran into him in the wild at I/O a few weeks ago and told him how much he was missed. He's on a different team now, so we're probably not going to see him around. David Onter > "Significant additions to SafetyNet APIs" I don't trust this part right here Bewear SafetyNet is getting more evil. Trooper311 More like Skynet. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,...... Daniel Tbh, it's all those rooting apps we're hearing about that made them want to put in all theses APIs. Hackers make the problems, tinkers suffer. That's life I guess. Artem Russakovskii There's one for reCaptcha, for example https://security.googleblog.com/2017/06/making-internet-safer-and-faster.html. Looks helpful. Ryan Hoffmann Wrong link to the API release notes. It should be this one: https://developers.google.com/android/guides/releases but you guys have it linked to your post about Instant Apps instead. Cody Toombs woops, copy/paste error. Fixed it, thanks. Makay Chapulets I run v11 already... On BETA Willie Chalmers III Yep; knew it: http://disq.us/p/1ipjdav Allo probably did use a version of this, after all. I saw a discussion in the FirebaseUI Android GitHub repo that this would be a part of a (then) unreleased version of Google Play Services, and it's good to finally see SMS Retriever API going public. blindexecutioner Fuck your adblock popup, dicks. Hayden7200 Why, because you think these guys should spend all their time writing articles for you to read and not receive a paycheck? It's free to you, so stop acting so entitled. tim242 That doesn't give sites the right to abuse. Kristian Ivanov Abuse what exactly? Randroid When it's a "would you like some site with your ads?" situation, there's no excuse for blocking adblock. Which is basically the case here at AP. Stephen Sharp You would think someone who has an adblocker installed would know how to block one more popup.....just saying... Jsilvermist Whenever I get an anti-adblock popup, I either just block it or disable JavaScript for that site, if both of those things fail, bye bye site. Edit: Also, I run anti-anti-adblock scripts :P Romario Maxwell I saw a trick shared on Quora where you use live editing in the Chrome DevTools to remove the HTML element that is the popup. Randroid Or you can use TamperMonkey for things like that: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo?hl=en Rickinbsb Using Brave is also a good option jcopernicus Messaging is like a rash at Google. Now they're spreading into Play Services. Brian G. "Added the ability to enable immersive mode on full-screen ads by adding the setImmersiveMode() method to the PublisherInterstitialAd and RewardedVideoAd classes." WTH Google! Seems to be an internal Google struggle between "bad" ads and full-screen immersive ads. Rickinbsb people will just start to add fake nav buttons to trick us into clicking the ad Randroid "...through and update to Play services" *an update. Not and update. Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 109 queries | 0.508s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos letters editorials Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition US edition: switch to the UK edition UK switch to the US switch to the Australia edition AU switch to the International edition INT jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters digital newspaper archive crosswords Facebook Twitter tech US world science US politics business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Robots Alphabet sells off 'BigDog' robot maker Boston Dynamics to Softbank Firm acquired by Japanese company was put up for sale in early 2016 after Google’s parent company cooled on its military connections Boston Dynamics earned notoriety for its ‘BigDog’ line of quadrupedal robots. Photograph: Boston Dynamics Robots Alphabet sells off 'BigDog' robot maker Boston Dynamics to Softbank Firm acquired by Japanese company was put up for sale in early 2016 after Google’s parent company cooled on its military connections Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Alex Hern @alexhern Friday 9 June 2017 05.21 EDT Last modified on Friday 9 June 2017 05.48 EDT Google’s parent company Alphabet has sold robotics firm Boston Dynamics to Japan’s Softbank for an undisclosed sum, over a year after putting it up for sale. As part of the deal, Softbank also purchased Schaft, a lesser known Alphabet robotics subsidiary. Boston Dynamics is best known for its “BigDog” line of quadrupedal robots, first developed to serve as artificial pack animals as part of a military contract with America’s Darpa research agency. The robots, alongside the humanoid “Atlas” machine and wheeled hybrid “Handle”, have become viral sensations online, thanks to their eerily lifelike movements, unnerving high-pitched motor sounds and the videos themselves, which feature Boston Dynamics staff torturing their creations with pushes, kicks, shoves and heavy weights to demonstrate their versatility and reliability. But the firm, which was acquired by Google in 2013, has also failed to fit in with the wider corporate culture of its parent company. Alphabet has a generalised rule against taking military contracts, and while Boston Dynamics was allowed to run out the existing deals it had made with the US military, it has struggled to find a civilian client for its creations. Even its military connections have failed to bear fruit: the US Marine Corps rejected the BigDog robot in 2015, due to the machine’s noise, which would give away troop positions if used in an actual combat situation. The company was acquired as part of a hiring spree by Android co-creator Andy Rubin, who moved from Google’s smartphone business to head up a new initiative at the company, code-named Replicant, which was intended to bring Google a lead in the robotics space. Within a year of the acquisition, however, Rubin had quit Google to start smartphone company Essential, leading Replicant leaderless and rudderless and Boston Dynamics with little pressure to integrate with its new corporate parent. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Meet Handle: the two-wheeled, four-legged hybrid robot It continued to operate from its headquarters just outside Boston, Massachusetts, far from Google’s home in Silicon Valley. In November 2015, according to Bloomberg News, tensions accidentally burst into the open, when the minutes of a terse meeting were published to a company-wide forum. Replicant’s new leader, Jonathan Rosenberg, had told Boston Dynamics that “we as a startup of our size cannot spend 30-plus % of our resources on things that take 10 years,” adding, “there’s some timeframe that we need to be generating an amount of revenue that covers expenses and (that) needs to be a few years”. Boston Dynamic’s founder, Marc Raibert, had replied, “I firmly believe the only way to get to a product is through the work we are doing in Boston. [I] don’t think we are the pie-in-the-sky guys as much as everyone thinks we are.” A month later, Replicant was folded into Google’s moonshot division, X, but Boston Dynamics wasn’t, leaving the company isolated internally. It was then that Google decided to put it up for sale, but it has taken more than 18 months for a willing buyer to come forward. Softbank has been on an acquisition spree recently, most notably buying British chip designer ARM Holdings, the company behind most mobile phone processors on the market today, for £24bn. The company has also been pushing its own robotics labs, with creations such as the humanoid assistant Pepper, a $1,600 bot promoted as as world’s first robot with emotions. It is not clear, yet, whether the acquisition will see Boston Dynamics incorporated into Softbank itself, or left largely independent as part of Vision Fund, the company’s $93bn technology investment fund, as Bloomberg News suggests. Softbank’s shares rose 7.4% in Tokyo on news of the acquisition, although some of that increase was down to an unrelated jump in the US shares of Chinese retailer Alibaba, in which Softbank holds a $105bn stake. Schaft, the other Google subsidiary acquired in the deal, is a Japanese firm best known for its bipedal S-One robot, which won the Darpa Robotics Challenge Trials in 2014 before being acquired as part of the Replicant build-out. It has operated in extreme stealth mode ever since the purchase, with even its website displaying nothing but an error message. Topics Robots Alphabet Google Japan news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion letters editorials sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video podcasts digital archive Technology › Robots tech US world science US politics business back to top jobs become a supporter make a contribution guardian labs about us work for us contact us advertise with us solve technical issue terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop complaints & corrections all topics all contributors Facebook Twitter subscribe digital newspaper archive © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Mumbai Rains #Champions Trophy #Raabta #Mumbai Crime #Farmers' strike #Virat Kohli DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Mumbai Rains Crime News National News International News Hatke News Sports Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news Mumbai Rains Crime News MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Mumbai Rains Crime News National News International News Hatke News TOP STORIES Mumbai: Khar residents want 'kabutarkhana' to go Thane sexual assault case: Cops release sketch of accused ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime Navi Mumbai headless torso Devendra Fadnavis BMC Narendra Modi SPORTS Cricket Football Tennis News MORE IN SPORTS Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES Rafael Nadal to face Stan Wawrinka for 10th French crown Waited 7 years for this moment: Rohan Bopanna on first Grand Slam win ToPICs IPL News Virat Kohli MS Dhoni Virender Sehwag Manchester United Yuvraj Singh Life & style Horoscope Dr.Love Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Mumbai Food: 6 'Firang' chefs pick their favorite food haunt in the city Food: Risotto re-imagined by Mumbai restaurants and how! ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Television Hollywood MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema TOP STORIES Shah Rukh Khan on averting clash with Akshay Kumar: I have no ego 'Raabta' Movie Review ToPICs Karan Johar Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan News National News 3,000 yrs of fashion at your fingertips By Gaurav Sarkar | Mumbai | Posted 09-Jun-2017Now Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ From the different types of Indian sarees to Chanel's classic black dress to Marilyn Monroe's iconic red heels, feast your eyes on fashion across the ages in Google's virtual exhibition Kuncha saree from Odisha The world of fashion is now at your fingertips, courtesy Google Arts and Culture's latest 'We wear culture' project, launched yesterday. This virtual exhibition brings together 3,000 years of fashion, in collaboration with 183 cultural institutions cross globe, including India. The project allows viewers to explore (from either their desktop or through the Google Arts and Culture app) the stories behind the clothes we wear, everything from the ancient Silk Road and courtly fashions of Versailles, to the unmatched elegance of the Indian saree. Fashion experts, curators and designers, as well as universities, museums and NGOs from around the world collaborated on the exhibition. Google's state-of-the-art technology, including virtual reality, 360° videos, Street View and ultra-high resolution 'gigapixel' images were used to preserve the collections and make them available for everyone. Coco Chanel's 'Little Black Dress' is a classic Saree in the spotlight "Needless to say, India has made a significant contribution to the global fashion scheme," said Simon Rein, India programme manager, Google Arts and Culture. "The richness and diversity with its distinctive and varied craftsmanship, its fabrics, the weaves, the natural dyes and vibrant colours are well recognised. And then of course, the classic Indian drape – the iconic Indian saree is probably the most versatile garment in the world." "On the new exhibit, there is plenty of regional textile and fashion heritage to be discovered," he said. Marilyn Monroe's iconic red stilettos From Byculla to the world "You can revisit colonial Indian fashion with Dr Bhau Daji Lad Mumbai City Museum, and trace the story of the history and impact of cotton in early trade of textiles. Then there are designs from north-eastern India, including the weaves of tribes such as the Nagas, Meitis and the traditional attire from Meghalaya called 'Dhara' or 'Nara' worn by the Khasi women, made of costly mulberry and eri silk yarn. From down south, view Salar Jung Museum's exhibits, capturing the fashion of the Nizams from 19th-century Hyderabad. Even the art of brocades, patola and baluchari is captured with a special exhibit by the Museum of Art and Photography (Bangalore)." "You might be surprised to learn that your saree or black dress have a centuries-old story. What you wear is culture and, more often than not, a piece of art," said Amit Sood, director of Google Arts & Culture. Fashion icons Chanel's Little Black Dress (LBD) from Musée des Arts Décoratifs, Paris, France (1925) Marilyn Monroe's red stilettos from Museo Salvatore Ferragamo in Florence, Italy (1959-60) Comme des Garçons Kimono-inspired sweater and skirt from Kyoto Costume Institute, Japan (1983) Vivienne Westwood's corset, from Victoria and Albert Museum, UK (1990) Trending Videos Tragedy of actress Shikha Joshi who was molested and killed herself   Download the new mid-day android app to get updates on all the latest and trending stories on the go https://goo.gl/8Xlcvr Tags: fashion Indian sarees Marilyn Monroe's iconic red heels Chanel's classic black dress Google's virtual exhibition Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Related Stories Miranda Kerr returns to fashion runway after marriage Hollywood News | 1 hour Is Kim Sharma dating fashion designer Arjun Khanna? Bollywood News | 08-Jun-2017 Clayton Murzello: Passion must always stay in fashion Columnists News | 08-Jun-2017 Sakshi Chopra shuts down haters with sensational topless photo Bollywood News | 07-Jun-2017 Oops! Kriti Sanon commits a horrendous fashion crime Bollywood News | 07-Jun-2017 Airport fashion diaries: Malaika Arora wows, Akshay goes sporty Bollywood News | 07-Jun-2017 You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding Salman Khan gets trolled for giving tips on road safety Bollywood News|08-Jun-2017 Throwback Thursday: Pics of Mumbai's sex workers from an era gone by National News|08-Jun-2017 Fatima Sana Shaikh gets shamed for wearing swimsuit during Ramzan Bollywood News|08-Jun-2017 Mumbai Crime: High-profile sex racket busted at Vasai Crime News|08-Jun-2017 Vasai man tries to attempt suicide, gets stuck on roof for the night National News|08-Jun-2017 Man thrown off moving train at Palghar station for defying bullies National News|08-Jun-2017 Not 'Wanted 2', but Salman Khan and Prabhudheva to team up for 'Dabangg 3' Bollywood News|08-Jun-2017 Mumbai: Faulty dental implant puts 64-year-old on liquid diet for a year National News|08-Jun-2017 Speaking Punjabi gets Gujarati duo flying on fake passports nabbed National News|08-Jun-2017 Sakshi Chopra shuts down haters with sensational topless photo Bollywood News|07-Jun-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Priyanka Chopra called 'ugly', gets brutally trolled for 'nose job' Bollywood News|6 hours Shah Rukh Khan on averting clash with Akshay Kumar: I have no ego Bollywood News|3 hours Mumbai: Speeding bus crushes Nitesh Rane's wife's driver National News|6 hours KRK goes on Twitter rant against 'Jab Harry Met Sejal', calls SRK 'chichora' Bollywood News|3 hours Babri Masjid demolition case: CBI court grants bail to L K Advani and 5 others National News|30-May-2017 Photos: Meet the Punjabi bride who wore shorts to her wedding Hatke News|06-Jun-2017 Special Air India flight ferries bodies of Uttarakhand bus crash victims to Indo National News|25-May-2017 Miracle in Mumbai: Girl crossing tracks gets run over by train, survives National News|04-Jun-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
BizReport.com | IT Research Library | Free Magazines | Jobs about us | ad info Subscribe to BizReport Receive our email newsletter with breaking news, in-depth reports & interviews: Get our RSS feed Search BizReport News by Topic Marketing Advertising Search Marketing Email Marketing Loyalty Marketing Mobile Marketing Social Marketing Viral Marketing Trends & Ideas Internet Marketing 101 Beyond Marketing Blogs & Content Domain Names E-commerce Internet Law & Regulation Research White Papers Magazines Jobs BizReport : Internet : June 09, 2017 Experts weigh in on impact of Google's upcoming 'filter' Just a week ago Google confirmed there would be an addition to their Chrome web browser which would filter out or block ads which didn't offer a good customer experience. While no one knows - yet - what exactly the Chrome filter will do, several experts are weighing in on the potential impact. by Kristina Knight "Given how bloated desktop tracking has become, moves like this on Apple and Google's part make sense for the end user, despite the healthy dose of heartburn it will cause the ad tech industry. It will also cause a shift to other marketing capabilities, specifically towards using location data as a way to measure a consumer's interests and behaviors," said Brian Handly, CEO of Reveal Mobile. "While "location" is hailed as the next cookie, it's much more than that. Rather than being a mechanism to simply track a user, location data offers others significant benefits back to a consumer - in-store way finding, simplified checkouts, creating virtual aisles in retail stores, and yes, advertising and attribution reporting." "This change primarily affects ad units that provide a substandard experience by cluttering up the page and slowing load speeds with pop-ups and timed prestitials. And the new Chrome "ad filter," in combination with Google Contributor, could actually offer a second life to beleaguered web businesses that rely on ad revenue," said Chaitanya Chandrasekar, CEO/Co-Founder, QuanticMind. "The take-home message for advertisers who are conscientiously crafting relevant and non-intrusive ads is: You have nothing to worry about - this doesn't affect you in the slightest. That Google is looking to filter out distracting ads emphasizes the importance of relevant messaging, and again underscores the power of user intent in advertising. News in your inbox Tags: ad filters, advertising, Google Chrome, QuanticMind, RevealMobile Tweet No Comments Email to a friend Print this article Subscribe to BizReport Please enter your e-mail here: Email this article to: Your email address: Message (optional): More articles from this category The employees at-risk for phishing schemes | June 07, 2017 Expert: Phishers no longer only looking at execs | June 05, 2017 Experts weigh in on Google's new ad blocking announcement | June 05, 2017 More Stories on Related Topics Advertising Ecommerce Internet Latest Headlines Ad Roundup: Data behind new release, name change Expert: Top tips to incorporate RCS messaging Experts weigh in on impact of Google's upcoming 'filter' Survey finds emailers struggling to prioritize Expert IDs most-needed start-up tools Expert: How merchants can add RCS options Study: Virtual Assistants pushing ecommerce Ad Roundup: Releases for video, data More... Featured White Papers How to Dominate the Baby Boomer Market Using Facebook Setting up a Facebook Ad campaign can be overwhelming and time-consuming. But in our digital world, it's vital to the... BizReport Research Library Download the latest marketing research & free white papers Ad Networks Email Marketing Search Marketing Website Analytics Ad Serving Search Engines Viral Marketing Website Development Most Popular White Papers BizReport.com | IT Research Library | Free Magazines © 1999- BizReport. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer http://www.bizreport.com/2017/06/experts-weigh-in-on-impact-of-googles-upcoming-filter.html     Copyright © 1999- BizReport. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of BizReport content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent. BizReport shall not be liable for any errors in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos letters editorials Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition US edition: switch to the UK edition UK switch to the US switch to the Australia edition AU switch to the International edition INT jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters digital newspaper archive crosswords Facebook Twitter cricket soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Cricket County cricket live blog County cricket: Surrey v Essex, Somerset v Yorkshire and more – as it happened All the action from another exciting day of Championship action, as Mark Stoneman scored a brilliant century for Surrey against Essex Updated Gary Ballance, captain of Yorkshire, plays a shot during against Somerset. Photograph: PPAUK/REX/Shutterstock Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Will Macpherson at Guildford Friday 9 June 2017 14.17 EDT First published on Friday 9 June 2017 05.14 EDT Key events Show 2.17pm EDT 14:17 That's all folks! 11.44am EDT 11:44 Yorkshire all out for 202! 11.19am EDT 11:19 100 for Mark Stoneman! 10.57am EDT 10:57 Lancashire in run-scoring shock! 10.17am EDT 10:17 Middlesex all out for 180! 9.45am EDT 09:45 Kumar Sangakkara is out! 9.13am EDT 09:13 Chris Rushworth has 50! Live feed Show 4.40pm EDT 16:40 Mark Stoneman shines again to give Surrey a strong start against Essex Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.17pm EDT 14:17 That's all folks! Right, folks, time for me to wrap up! Have seen a brilliant innings today, which is always nice. Wickets tumbling all over the place and they are still playing at Northampton! I can’t stay in a tent in Guildford forever, though. Here are out scores: Division One: Surrey 353-5 v Essex Lancashire 123-4 v Middlesex 180 Somerset 41-3 v Yorkshire 202 Division Two: Kent 211-8 v Durham 448 Gloucestershire 256-7 v Nottinghamshire Leicestershire 322-7 v Sussex Glamorgan 76-6 v Worcestershire 267 Derbyshire 135-6 v Northants 218 Thanks, as ever, for your company. Let’s speak tomorrow morning! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.59pm EDT 13:59 Remarkably, there is still one game going on... A whopping 10 overs remain at Northampton. I’ll leave this open for a little while longer. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.57pm EDT 13:57 Stumps at Guildford, where Surrey have racked up 353 for five in 80 overs. A brilliant knock from Mark Stoneman, who relaxed in the final few overs playing for stumps but was belligerent until then. Sam Curran brought up a half-century in the final over of the day. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.50pm EDT 13:50 And Lancashire close just 57 behind. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.50pm EDT 13:50 Stumps at Leicester, where the hosts are 322 for seven against Sussex. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.37pm EDT 13:37 What a great ninth wicket stand at Red Canterbury. Northeast and Yasir Shah have put on 88 as they close 211 for eight, still 237 behind. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.36pm EDT 13:36 Wow! I look up and Josh Tongue has five for 16 in six overs as Glamorgan close 76 for six! They are 191 behind. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.15pm EDT 13:15 Surrey are 307 for five, and in the market for full batting points. Scurran looking good. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.12pm EDT 13:12 That’s the close at Taunton! 13 wickets fell on day one and Somerset close 161 behind on 41 for three. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.06pm EDT 13:06 Archer gets his fifth! Leicestershire 271 for seven. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.57pm EDT 12:57 Stoneman moves to 166, and his highest score for Surrey, with a gorgeous on-drive. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.54pm EDT 12:54 Josh Tongue’s good day continues at Worcester as he get Will Bragg, and Glamorgan are 46 for two. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.53pm EDT 12:53 Tendo has two! Foakes goes lbw, perhaps it stayed a little bit low. 280 for five, and a good fightback from Essex. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.48pm EDT 12:48 A ton for Mark Cosgrove! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.47pm EDT 12:47 And Buck gets Thakor, so Derbyshire are 67 for four. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.45pm EDT 12:45 Northeast and Yasir Shah have put on 50 for the ninth wicket at Red Canterbury... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.44pm EDT 12:44 Lancs four down! Croft caught in the deep off Murtagh and it’s 74 for four, 106 behind. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.43pm EDT 12:43 Wicket! Tendo comes on for his first full over of the day and he gets Sibley! He’s been caught behind. The batsman thinks the bat has hit the ground, the bowlers and fielders were convinced he’d smacked it. Off he goes. 274 for one. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.39pm EDT 12:39 Joe Leach gets Selman at Worcester and Glamorgan are 39 for one! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.35pm EDT 12:35 150 for Mark Stoneman! 173 balls, 21 fours and two sixes. Unbelievable knock and there are still 20 overs left. 262 for three the score. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.32pm EDT 12:32 Somerset 18 for three! Trescothick becomes Sidebottom’s third. Combined age 80 in that wicket and it’s not even the oldest of the day. Stevens got Collingwood – both are 41! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.28pm EDT 12:28 Derbyshire are three down, as Buck gets Madsen in his first over. 50 for three. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.19pm EDT 12:19 Only takes spectacular wickets, Jofra. County Championship (@CountyChamp) Another jaffa for @craig_arch to file in the 'unplayable' column. But did this one get an inside egde?! We can't decide 🤔 pic.twitter.com/qr0l4V3Yzd June 9, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.18pm EDT 12:18 Dom Sibley goes to 50; he has faced 99 balls, hit five fours and a pair of rather nice sixes. 241 for three, and the stand is worth 153 at almost 4.5 an over. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.13pm EDT 12:13 And now Abell goes for 0 and Somerset are 7 for 2! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.10pm EDT 12:10 Sidebottom gets Elgar are Somerset are six for one! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.08pm EDT 12:08 Kleinveldt gets Godleman and Northants have Derbyshire 28 for two. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.06pm EDT 12:06 And Kent are eight down! Coles goes to McCarthy. 123 for eight. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.05pm EDT 12:05 Leicestershire are 212 for five... Jofra Archer has four wickets. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.05pm EDT 12:05 Hameed goes to Harris! He made 18, his highest score since the first game of the season... Lancs are 50 for three. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.01pm EDT 12:01 Hameed and Croft have put on 50 at Southport. 130 behind. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.00pm EDT 12:00 Kent are seven down! Stevens gone to Main and the score is 120 for seven. Still 328 behind... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.51am EDT 11:51 And now Tongue goes for 41. Worcestershire all out for 267. Solid enough. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.47am EDT 11:47 Salter gets Barnard, but Worcestershire charge on and have a second batting point. Not bad from 14 for three. Tongue is having a swing. He has 35, and it’s 256 for nine. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.44am EDT 11:44 Yorkshire all out for 202! Bess gets Carver and Yorkshire are all out. Might not be the worst score if there’s turn. 10 mins for the change of innings. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.41am EDT 11:41 200 up, stand worth 115, so Wagner is doing his leg theory thing. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.35am EDT 11:35 Jeevan Mendis opened for Derbyshire (Luis Reece is absent, unwell) but he went to the first ball of the innings! 0 for 1 in response to Northants’ 218. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.22am EDT 11:22 200 for Yorkshire! And tea! Carver and Sidebottom have held Somerset up very well. They are not far off the longest partnership of the innings... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.19am EDT 11:19 100 for Mark Stoneman! He gets there with a beautiful cover-driven four. He faced 118 balls for it, that was his 15th four and he also has two sixes. Next ball goes through backward point for four. Third ton for Surrey, and 19th in first-class cricket. A really lovely player to watch. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.17am EDT 11:17 Stoneman to 98 with a pull, which has been best shot today... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 5 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Cricket County cricket live blog County Championship Division One County Championship Division Two Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion letters editorials sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video podcasts digital archive Sports › Cricket cricket soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS back to top jobs become a supporter make a contribution guardian labs about us work for us contact us advertise with us solve technical issue terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop complaints & corrections all topics all contributors Facebook Twitter subscribe digital newspaper archive © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home News Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Open Source Hardware Software Security Resources Industry Voice SMB Spotlight Newsletters Resources Inject life into your cloud-hosted applications: 5 best practices to boost end-user experience Feel as though the performance of your cloud-hosted applications has become lacklustre? Here are five best practices that can help you boost end-user experiences, simplify performance management, and reduce the cost of your AWS environment.  Download Your questions answered: How to protect your data in the cloud The number of successful cyberattacks per year per company has increased by 46% over the last four years. But what really needs to be considered when exploring a solution? What questions need to be asked? Download to find out... Download Find resources Search by title or subject area View all resources Follow us RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Facebook Google+ YouTube Newsletter Industry Voice SMB Spotlight The Inquirer Home News Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Open Source Hardware Software Security Hardware Google sells scary robot company Boston Dynamics to Softbank Softbank also buys Schaft, if you can dig it A typical fearbot from the Boston Dynamics stable Dave Neal @daveneal33 09 June 2017 Tweet   Facebook   Google plus       Send to   0 Comments GOOGLE PARENT FIRM Alphabet has trimmed down a bit, and offloaded two robotics companies to the Japanese money machine called Softbank. Boston Dynamics is going for an undisclosed sum, and Google will no longer be associated with robots that terrify people when they are not being shoved around by technicians. Softbank, which must have more money than sense, is also taking Schaft with it, but again we do not know how much money is changing hands. Boston Dynamics is probably a good buy for it. It gets decent press, at least according to the News section of its website, and certainly grabs all the attention whenever one of its robots gets wheeled out or unleashed into the wilderness. It is unclear if the company will pack up its bi-pedal frightbots and move to Japan, but in the meantime, everyone seems happy enough. "We at Boston Dynamics are excited to be part of SoftBank's bold vision and its position creating the next technology revolution, and we share SoftBank's belief that advances in technology should be for the benefit of humanity," said Marc Raibert, CEO and founder of Boston Dynamics. "We look forward to working with SoftBank in our mission to push the boundaries of what advanced robots can do and to create useful applications in a smarter and more connected world." Over at Softbank and people are equally effusive. "Today, there are many issues we still cannot solve by ourselves with human capabilities. Smart robotics are going to be a key driver of the next stage of the Information Revolution, and the team at Boston Dynamics are the clear technology leaders in advanced dynamic robots," said Masayoshi Son, chairman & CEO of SoftBank Group. "I am thrilled to welcome them to the SoftBank family and look forward to supporting them as they continue to advance the field of robotics and explore applications that can help make life easier, safer and more fulfilling." According to the Softbank statement, Schaft is going along as part of the transaction, no such glorious statements are laid out for it. We might say that it has been Schafted. µ Tweet   Facebook   Google plus       Send to   Topics Hardware robotics Google Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. INQ Latest Google Updates: O soon, Waze yo'self and Infinity Loop More o than a Google Doodle Software 09 June 2017 Al Jazeera struck by massive DDoS attack Cyberattack targets media network's systems, websites and social media Security 09 June 2017 Hackers hit Witcher 3 developer and pinched files from an unreleased game Game dev hit with ransom demand over upcoming Cyberpunk 2077 Games 09 June 2017 Microsoft unleashes Insider Build 16215 of Windows 10 with OCR and pinned URLs The second Creators Update is beginning to take shape Software 09 June 2017 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Back to Top 09/06/2017 16:25:12 Most read Google Updates: O soon, Waze yo'self and Infinity Loop Al Jazeera struck by massive DDoS attack Hackers hit Witcher 3 developer and pinched files from an unreleased game Microsoft unleashes Insider Build 16215 of Windows 10 with OCR and pinned URLs Tim Cook and Jeff Bezos to take tea with Trump to tackle technology Contact Marketing solutions Enterprise IT Events About Incisive Media Terms & conditions Privacy policy RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Facebook Google+ YouTube © Incisive Media Investments Limited 2015 © Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX, are companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 9177174 & 9178013 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices These are the answers to the questions everybody's asking about the General Election Birmingham Mail James Rodger 23 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Knives out for May? Leadership in the balance amid Tory fury Donald Trump to file legal complaint against James Comey Since the 10pm exit poll which projected a hung parliament, Britons have been using Google to answer their pressing election queries. Here, we answer some of the popular questions asked during election night so far, according to Google Trends. Who has won the election? © Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc With the General Election ending in a hung parliament, there could be days or weeks of political horse-trading before the final form of the next government is settled. No party has emerged with an overall majority meaning the incumbent Conservative Government stays in office until Theresa May either does a deal - most likely with the Democratic Unionists - or goes to the Queen to tender her resignation and that of her administration. If the latter happens, Jeremy Corbyn as leader of the largest opposition party may be invited by the Queen to form a government either as a minority or in coalition with another party or parties. In 2010, Gordon Brown held onto the premiership for six days as frantic negotiations took place, resigning only when it became clear that the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats had reached agreement on a viable coalition. It is highly likely that Mrs May too would hold back on any resignation until she has had time to test whether she has the support to attempt to continue in office. With 650 MPs in Parliament, 326 seats are needed for an absolute majority in the House of Commons. But in practice, a working majority will require just 322 MPs, as the Speaker does not vote and Sinn Fein has so far declined to take up its seats. Mrs May would be able to pass this crucial figure with the support of the DUP but the Ulster party will demand significant concessions in return for propping up her adminstration. The Brexit-supporting party has boosted its number to 10 with two gains, giving it a potentially pivotal role. How many constituencies are there in the UK? There are 650 constituencies in the UK, each of which is represented by an MP. What is a minority government? © Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc A minority government is when a party in the House of Commons seeks to rule despite having fewer MPs than the sum of all the other parties put together. This could happen if the Conservatives fail to win more than half the seats in the Commons (326 or more) and do not form a coalition with other parties to make up the difference. What time will the votes be counted? Most seats will be counted by early Friday morning, but the last will be finished by around midday. General Election 2017: These are all the MPs in the West Midlands Who is Nick Clegg? Nick Clegg was a former Liberal Democrat leader who just lost his Sheffield Hallam seat to Labour. He was deputy prime minister under the Conservative-Lib Dem coalition of 2010-2015, led by David Cameron. He is passionately pro-Remain, and was a Member of the European Parliament before becoming MP in 2005. © Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc What constituency am I in? Voters can find out their constituency by using the Parliament website's free Constituency Finder tool here. How did my constituency vote? General Election 2017: Every result from the West Midlands Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from Birmingham Mail Tent alert re strong gusts in weather forecast for Download Festival 2017 Birmingham Mail When is the next UK Bank Holiday in August 2017? Birmingham Mail A rare micromoon is coming - here's when you can see the moon get much smaller Birmingham Mail Birmingham Mail More from Birmingham Mail Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
null
Business Industries Markets Technology Leadership Life & Style Money Sport Lists   Business (View all) Banking Economics International London Insurance M&A The Capitalist Politics CFA Institute Talk IDA Ireland Talk Industries (View all) Law & professional services Property Retail and leisure Marketing and advertising Pharmaceuticals Telecoms Media Transport and infrastructure Industrials Markets (View all) Currencies Cryptocurrencies Commodities Equities Bonds IPOs and fundraising Technology (View all) Science Gadget reviews Cyber security Fintech appScatter Talk Leadership (View all) Entrepreneurs Management Millennials Careers Women Life & Style (View all) Travel Watches Fashion Food Homes and interiors Cars Culture Estée Lauder Talk Money (View all) Investing Pensions Crowdfunding Alt-fi Personal banking and insurance ISAS Schroders Talk Sport (View all) Football Rugby Union Formula 1 Cricket The Punter Tennis Golf Sports money Lists (View all) Digital Innovators Rio 50 Power 100 Women Leap 100 Most viewed authors Caitlin Morrison (40,037 views) Rebecca Smith (16,155 views) Mark Sands (13,181 views) City A.M. links Newsletters Latest paper Advertising Awards Wine Club Money Transfer Charity About Careers Tickets Latest news Most popular Opinion Podcast City Talk Home Technology FTSE 250 19769.96 +0.13% FTSE 100 7527.33 +1.04% Bats UK 100 12759.49 +0.95% Home Technology Friday 9 June 2017 7:09am SoftBank buys robotics maker Boston Dynamics from Google's Alphabet Share Courtney Goldsmith I am a journalist for City A.M. reporting on the Industrials sector. I also keep an eye on the Vice and Leisure industries, including booze, cigarettes, gambling, pubs, hotels, cinema, and more. Follow Courtney Related City Talk IDA Ireland Talk Rampant ransomware raises risk of data breach sanctions under GDPR Boston Dynamics is known for creating animal-like robots (Source: Getty) Courtney Goldsmith Japan's SoftBank has bought robotics pioneer Boston Dynamics from Alphabet, the parent company of Google, for an undisclosed amount. Shares in the group, which has a vision of kickstarting the next wave of smart robotics, jumped more than 7.5 per cent to their highest point in nearly two decades on the news. Boston Dynamics, which was bought by Google in 2013, is known for its eerily human and animal-like robots like Atlas and BigDog. Read more: Revealed: Boston Dynamics' latest dancing jumping robot (on wheels) However, the group has had a tough time commercialising its robots, and Google put it up for sale more than a year ago. ​As part of the transaction, SoftBank also agreed to acquire Japanese bipedal robotics company Schaft. “Today, there are many issues we still cannot solve by ourselves with human capabilities. Smart robotics are going to be a key driver of the next stage of the Information Revolution, and Marc and his team at Boston Dynamics are the clear technology leaders in advanced dynamic robots," said Masayoshi Son, chairman and chief executive of SoftBank. The boss and founder of Boston Dynamics, Marc Raibert, said the firm was excited to be part of SoftBank's "bold vision" and its part in the next technology revolution. “We share SoftBank's belief that advances in technology should be for the benefit of humanity. We look forward to working with SoftBank in our mission to push the boundaries of what advanced robots can do and to create useful applications in a smarter and more connected world." Read more: Unicorn startup Improbable's hired a top boss from Disney Share * Terms and conditions Add a comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Tags Artificial intelligence (AI) and robots SoftBank Topics A-Z Related articles SoftBank's stake in Nvidia has been revealed (and it's sizeable) Lynsey Barber | Staff Power off? Google said to be selling robot division Boston Dynamics Lynsey Barber | Staff Watch this eerily human-like robot stand up to human bullies Emma Haslett | Staff Business Industries Markets Technology Leadership Life & Style Money Sport Lists Follow us for breaking news and latest updates: Stay up to date: get our FREE daily emails Sign up Stay up to date: get our FREE daily emails Sign up About  |  Advertising  |  Privacy  |  Terms  |  Sitemap  |  Latest paper Copyright © 2017 City A.M. Limited
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS The countdown is on to Ireland’s sci-tech extravaganza, Inspirefest 2017 Time running out to get your hands on Inspirefest early bird tickets Construction begins on €500m Limerick Twenty Thirty development Dave, technology and the power of people Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Heads in the sand: Almost 25pc of Irish SME businesses are offline Boston Dynamics finally finds a buyer in big spender SoftBank Uber executive fired over medical records of Indian rape victim Is your iPhone screen cracked? A quicker fix is on the way Uber culls 20 of its staff after 215 claims of sexual harassment Snap’s geofilter push Placed front and centre of business model Google can now track your in-store purchases – it can track everything Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the smart data Fenergo’s Niall Twomey: ‘How often does IT have to say no?’ Qualcomm’s next-gen charger is fitter, stronger, faster Connecting the data dots for the future of healthcare Stripe launches Sigma to help e-commerce players analyse revenue Apps like WhatsApp are inflicting carnage on mobile revenues in Ireland Campaign to make Valentia Island a World Heritage Site gains momentum EU reveals €120m plan to provide free wireless internet in 8,000 public places Economic impact of Virgin owner’s European broadband network reaches €7bn Five firms win Ireland’s first 5G licenses in €78m auction Three U-turn sees roaming data limits bumped back up €1.5m on offer for Irish regional and fintech start-ups An Irish start-up in New York: How to meet and greet the fintech elite Fintech start-up secures one of Ireland’s largest ever Series A rounds Pinterest pops a $12.3bn valuation after raising $150m Alternative finance: From crowdfunding to P2P lending Business Plan Competition has €16,000 in cash prizes up for grabs ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE David Puttnam steps down from role as Irish digital champion Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? UCD to lead new €2.1m European cancer rehab research programme Boston Scientific invests €17m in new RoadRunner R&D lab in Galway Hubble Space Telescope proves Einstein right by proving him wrong Is medtech the sole domain of the rich, ignoring the world’s poor? We finally know what the mysterious Wow! signal in space was Brexit taskforce finds vast majority fear for future cross-border research As drones deliver drugs and heavy loads, are we keeping an eye on them? An AI sat a university entrance exam, and the results are in Rockstart about to kick-start Europe’s largest AI accelerator in Amsterdam Fidelity’s Irish iLab team envisions the future of work through a VR lens Irish tech firm invents the future of connected cars A UK first: Police arrest suspect thanks to facial recognition tech How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS NIBRT-GE biopharma centre to train 1,500 professionals per year Dublin calling: Could Brexit push London’s European start-up talent elsewhere? Digital skills and thinking skills are what’s needed in our schools Here’s everything you need to know to land a career in life sciences Reach for the stars with space events in Cork throughout the summer Irish people cast shade on poor digital skills taught in schools 13 tips to help you nail your next phone interview Feeling stuck? Here’s how to advance your tech career Jack of all trades or master of one: Which is better for coding? How to build a biopharma career in 5 easy(ish) steps Want to work in biopharma? Here’s what you need to study 9 tips to kick-start an amazing software developer career Women in tech: Do not underestimate yourself In HR, the decisions you make can have a significant impact If you want to work with data, you need to get your hands dirty How can you find your dream career? Stay curious 5 reasons you should encourage a good work-life balance As a software engineer, problem-solving is paramount 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Online gift voucher firm Smartbox bringing 100 jobs to Dublin Broadband sales deal leads to 15 new jobs across Ireland at DSM Medical device security start-up Nova Leah to create 78 new jobs Irish tech firm Netwatch to create 15 new jobs in Chicago HealthBeacon to create 20 new jobs in Dublin Do you know where your life sciences degree will take you? ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Is it a case of more funding, fewer women in the arts? What app did you use at Guns N’ Roses? Probably Snapchat Google: You can check out any time you like, but you can never leave Palm-sized drone, perfect for selfies – haven’t we heard this before? Should you pee on a jellyfish sting? It might not be the best idea … Smartphones ‘biggest challenge’ facing teachers, many students ‘addicted’ Ireland and rest of Europe can now ‘Snap’ up Spectacles online Google reveals new GIF maker, for journalists not in a rush Beneath the Surface: Microsoft is now making its own silicon This clever mapping tool is a must for An Post Rás enthusiasts Refurb of the Mac: Apple to ramp up processing power in new MacBooks Proposed ban on ‘unrestricted’ smartphones for kids discussed Breakthrough app aims to smash taboos about training during your period Irish animator’s video game is the first to qualify for an Oscar Another nail in TV’s coffin: YouTube to produce 7 original series this year YouTube reveals new Material Design desktop site E-sports champions will now get medals at 2022 Asian Games Well, well, well, YouTube finally gets serious about live TV Who are Ireland’s most-followed people on Twitter? While we were laughing at ‘covfefe’, millions of Twitter bots joined Trump’s ranks Carnage in Manchester: Social media captures horror of attack at Ariana Grande concert What is the Antikythera mechanism and why is it so important today? ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ is today’s glorious Google Doodle 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle ALL Want to take part in a soft robotics workshop? Well, now you can What to expect at Ireland’s sci-tech wonderland, Inspirefest 2017 ‘The skills we’re looking for are heavily digital literate’ – Dr Bernadette Doyle, GSK ‘Data is everything’ – Dr Mike Thien, MSD BioPharma Ambition: The convergence of manufacturing and care Irish exporters must start planning now to continue global growth post-Brexit ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Boston Dynamics finally finds a buyer in big spender SoftBank by Colm Gorey 2 hours ago1 Share Still from ‘Introducing Spot’. Image: BostonDynamics/YouTube After more than a year of trying to offload Boston Dynamics, Alphabet has finally found a buyer for the robotics firm in acquisition-hungry SoftBank. Over the past few years, Boston Dynamics has wowed the web with its sporadic video releases showing its latest robots being kicked, abused and looking downright creepy at times. In 2013, Google announced it had acquired the company, with promises of a big push to bring robotics into the real world. However, this was not to be. Google ultimately came to the conclusion that the company was not a good fit, and put it up for sale last year. It has since struggled to find a buyer. Now, Google’s parent company Alphabet can rest easy knowing it has finally found one: SoftBank, a Japanese telecoms giant that has been splashing the cash, with a number of major mergers, acquisitions and funding rounds under its belt. SoftBank issued a statement confirming the purchase for an undisclosed amount, and also announced the purchase of Japanese company Schaft. Founded in 2012, bipedal robotics company Schaft was also owned by Alphabet and garnered attention last year when it showed off footage of its then-latest creation, designed to walk like a human. SoftBank’s big ambitions Making clear the company’s intentions and interest in the future of robotics, SoftBank’s CEO and chairperson Masayoshi Son said: “Today, there are many issues we still cannot solve by ourselves with human capabilities. “Smart robotics are going to be a key driver of the next stage of the information revolution, and [founder and CEO Marc Raibert] and his team at Boston Dynamics are the clear technology leaders in advanced dynamic robots.” Raibert had added that he and his company are “excited to work” with the Japanese firm, which shares Boston Dynamics’ vision. “We look forward to working with SoftBank in our mission to push the boundaries of what advanced robots can do and to create useful applications in a smarter and more connected world,” he said. The deal caps an incredible few months for SoftBank, as the company continues its efforts to acquire or fund what it thinks are the most important technologies of the future. Last month, SoftBank announced it was to invest $1.4bn in India’s up-and-coming fintech start-up Paytm, while last year the company revealed the $24bn takeover of semiconductor stalwart ARM in an attempt to enter the internet of things space. Related: robotics, M&As, Alphabet, Boston Dynamics 66 DAYS 4 HOURS 26 MINUTES Get your early bird tickets now! Colm Gorey is a journalist with Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Machines Boston Dynamics moves from feet to wheels with jumping Handle bot 28 Feb 20179 Shares Hiring Now Always at the cutting edge of new innovation Helping the world be well. Work for what matters. 2016 Graduate Employer of the Year Be part of a globally successful team Working at the leading edge of IoT People Are robots sexist? The danger of the lack of women in AI 8 Mar 201766 Shares Careers How to prepare for the robot takeover 10 Feb 201752 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Want to take part in a soft robotics workshop? Well, now you can 20 hours ago Jobs Dyson to double UK workforce to 7,000 with mega robot R&D campus 1 Mar 201713 Shares Companies Google reportedly making move to buy data science community Kaggle 8 Mar 201713 Shares Latest News UCD to lead new €2.1m European cancer rehab research programme 22 minutes ago Heads in the sand: Almost 25pc of Irish SME businesses are offline 59 minutes ago Breakthrough app aims to smash taboos about training during your period 2 hours ago Boston Dynamics finally finds a buyer in big spender SoftBank 2 hours ago 13 tips to help you nail your next phone interview 2 hours ago NIBRT-GE biopharma centre to train 1,500 professionals per year 3 hours ago Boston Scientific invests €17m in new RoadRunner R&D lab in Galway 3 hours ago Apps like WhatsApp are inflicting carnage on mobile revenues in Ireland 17 hours ago As drones deliver drugs and heavy loads, are we keeping an eye on them? 19 hours ago Women in tech: Do not underestimate yourself 19 hours ago An AI sat a university entrance exam, and the results are in 20 hours ago €1.5m on offer for Irish regional and fintech start-ups 21 hours ago Is it a case of more funding, fewer women in the arts? 22 hours ago Rockstart about to kick-start Europe’s largest AI accelerator in Amsterdam 23 hours ago In HR, the decisions you make can have a significant impact 23 hours ago Hubble Space Telescope proves Einstein right by proving him wrong 23 hours ago Is medtech the sole domain of the rich, ignoring the world’s poor? 1 day ago Online gift voucher firm Smartbox bringing 100 jobs to Dublin 1 day ago Fidelity’s Irish iLab team envisions the future of work through a VR lens 1 day ago Feeling stuck? Here’s how to advance your tech career 1 day ago Uber executive fired over medical records of Indian rape victim 1 day ago Irish animator’s video game is the first to qualify for an Oscar 1 day ago Irish tech firm invents the future of connected cars 1 day ago Broadband sales deal leads to 15 new jobs across Ireland at DSM 1 day ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News SC upholds linking Aadhaar with PAN, but exempts those without it for now India, Pak enter Shanghai group, PM Modi message to Xi Jinping and Nawaz Sharif SS Khaplang, patriarch of Naga war on India, passes away MP farmers’ unrest: One more death, protests reach Bhopal door, CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan announces fast ‘Arun Jaitley open to ideas at GST meet, not hard to be heard’ Home Technology Tech News How Verizon hopes to grab digital ad dollars with Yahoo How Verizon hopes to grab digital ad dollars with Yahoo Verizon has a simple goal in buying Yahoo: It wants to challenge Google and Facebook in the huge and lucrative field of digital advertising By: AP | New York | Published:June 9, 2017 1:10 pm The company did not reply to questions on how it might integrate mobile-customer data with the ad business. (Image for representation, Source: Reuters) Related News From Sundar Pichai to Elon Musk: A look at salaries of top tech CEOs Cyberattacks involving extortion are on the rise, says Verizon Oath, a new Verizon unit, to debut when Yahoo is merged with AOL Verizon has a simple goal in buying Yahoo: It wants to challenge Google and Facebook in the huge and lucrative field of digital advertising. But Verizon faces its own challenge in doing so, given that it will be competing against a slew of other companies also looking to break in. Verizon wants to become a strong third choice for advertisers by adding Yahoo’s popular sites and billion users worldwide to its own media business, which includes AOL and Verizon’s home-grown go90 video service. It can place ads on those sites, and can also combine data from visitors to those sites with AOL’s ad technologies and sales teams, and possibly also personal data from Verizon mobile customers such as location and other information, in order to better target ads at individuals. Also Read: Verizon, Yahoo agree to lowered $ 4.48 billion deal The company did not reply to questions on how it might integrate mobile-customer data with the ad business.Yahoo’s shareholders on Thursday approved the $4.5 billion sale of its key businesses to Verizon. The deal is expected to close by June 13. The combination of AOL and Yahoo will cut 15 percent of its 14,000-person workforce, or about 2,100 jobs, said a person familiar with the matter who didn’t want to be identified. Yahoo and AOL are “positioned to do better together than apart,” Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Wieser said. But he is setting the bar low. While Verizon talks of growth from the deal, Wieser said “not declining would be a success. Five years from now, if the combined entity were the same size as it is today, I would consider that to be successful.” THE VISION Verizon sees online ads _ particularly targeted ads based on user data _ as a potential new source of growth as the wireless industry fights for US users with lower prices and other discounts. Verizon has “essentially turned into a no-growth business,” said CFRA Research’s Angelo Zino. The ad business would be a “big deal” for Verizon if it goes well, he said. Also Read:  Yahoo punishes CEO in latest fallout from security breakdown Tim Armstrong, the former Google executive who joined AOL as CEO in 2009, has for years wanted to combine AOL with the long-declining Yahoo. Although AOL has big-name properties such as HuffPost and Engadget, AOL hasn’t been as big of an online destination as Yahoo’s mail, finance, sports and other properties. The combined business, to be called Oath, will expand its news, sports, entertainment, finance and lifestyle coverage. Like everyone else, Oath will focus on video and mobile, where consumers increasingly spend their time online. Armstrong says he wants Oath properties to be a place consumers “come and visit every day” and predicts users growing to 2 billion from 1.3 billion by 2020, with annual revenue of $10 billion to $20 billion from roughly $7 billion today. Also Read: Oath, a new Verizon unit, to debut when Yahoo is merged with AOL Verizon CEO Lowell McAdam teased last month that this could set the stage for a new streaming video service, competing with the slew of internet-TV services already out there. Verizon already has a free mobile video service, go90, that isn’t well known. ALTERNATIVES TO THE DUOPOLY Facebook and Google together draw about half the world’s spending on digital ads, and in the US, they’re even more dominant. They’re also where the majority of mobile-ad dollars go, eMarketer data show. The sway Facebook and Google hold for advertisers isn’t expected to change in the next few years. They had a head start on mobile. Yahoo has poured billions into acquisitions that have helped Yahoo make some leeway in mobile _ but not enough. It’s gotten better at doing mobile ads, but it has had no major hit apps. Also Read: Yahoo admits forged cookies were used to access 32 million accounts Still, AOL and Yahoo together provide a much-smaller No. 3 in the US for advertisers looking to reach lots of people. But even if Verizon’s goal is to just be happy at No. 3, there are several much smaller players that also draw advertisers.  Snapchat is a niche hit with young people. Amazon has an under-the-radar ad business that supports its e-commerce dominance. Microsoft, which owns LinkedIn, is expected to grow its piece of the ad pie; Microsoft will be just behind the combined AOL-Yahoo in the US once the deal closes. Twitter, although it’s sorting out its ad business, is a significant smaller player. Globally, several Chinese companies also rake in ad dollars. And the combined company will also have to compete for people’s attention, and not just with other services that rely on ad dollars to survive. Popular sites like Amazon or Netflix also suck up time spent online, said eMarketer analyst Martin Utreras. “They’ve acquired these two dinosaurs and you kind of wonder, can they be successful?” Zino said. That will depend on Verizon being able to convince marketers that they know more about consumers than anyone else, he said. For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App More Related News Lessons from Yahoo hack: Simple tips to safeguard your email Yahoo breach indictments may shed light on other hacks Tags: Verizon Yahoo No Comments. Most Read UP Board 10th result 2017, result declared at upresults.nic.in: Where and how to check result UP Board Class 10th, 12th results 2017 declared on June 9, check here UP Board 12th result 2017, result declared at upresults.nic.in: Where and how to check result UP Board 10th Class result 2017 date and time: Results announced, pass percentage falls to 81.6 UP Board 12th Class result 2017 date and time: Results declared, Priyanshi Tewari tops with 96.2 per cent Best of Express Jammu and Kashmir: One militant killed as Army foils infiltration bid in Gurez sector Madhya Pradesh farmers' protest: CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan arrives in Bhopal, begins indefinite fast Helicopter accident in Badrinath kills one, pilots suffer injuries OpinionIn calling an unnecessary poll, Theresa May displayed both hubris and distance from reality OpinionPakistan, gripped by fear, tries to normalise blasphemy laws, anti-liberal violence Buzzing Now EntertainmentRaabta movie review: Sushant Singh Rajput, Kriti Sanon film is a rom con EntertainmentDiljit Dosanjh's short hair look without his turban has left fans shocked. See viral photos EntertainmentSonam Kapoor cuts her birthday cake with alleged beau Anand Ahuja by her side, watch videos TrendingVIDEO: Woman falls into open cellar as she was too busy texting while walking TrendingWATCH: This powerful video explaining the LGBTQ identities and sexuality is a must watch Top News Kansas shooting: Kuchibhotla's wife hails hate crime charges against suspect, says it 'brought relief in my heart' Pakistan lawmaker seeks probe into Musharraf-era nuke proliferation #GenderAnd: When we view everything through a gender perspective Need women in Army to face common people during operations: General Bipin Rawat SportsIndia vs Sri Lanka: A minor storm in the teacup SportsU-16 players, support staff yet to get daily allowance LifestyleCeleb airport style: Deepika Padukone and Jacqueline Fernandez are super cool babes on the go  Happy birthday, Sonam Kapoor: Here's a look at her best fashion picks in 2017 TechnologyApple iPhone 8 renders running iOS 11 leaked TechnologyiMCO Watch with Amazon Alexa in India at Rs 13,900, but will it work? Jun 10: Latest News Sara Ali Khan visits Kedarnath to seek blessings for her debut film co-starring Sushant Singh Rajput, see photo I watched Dangal, liked the actors as well as the movie: Chinese President Xi Jinping tells PM Narendra Modi Aamir Khan joins hands with Siddharth Roy Kapur for Rakesh Sharma biopic titled Salute Two killed as truck collides with car in UP SoftBank buys robotics leader Boston Dynamics from Alphabet                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About CULTURE Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 Remember the poll that predicted the Labour surge? We explain the methodology Remember the poll that predicted the Labour surge? We explain the methodology Labour 1 day ago E3 2017 starts next week. Here's what to expect E3 2017 starts next week. Here's what to expect E3 1 day ago DUP has formed a coalition with the Conservatives. Here's where it stands on major policies DUP has formed a coalition with the Conservatives. Here's where it stands on major policies General Election 1 day ago What a hung parliament means for the UK and Brexit What a hung parliament means for the UK and Brexit Parliament 1 day ago Android O nears its full release date: Google rolls out the latest developer preview Android O nears its full release date: Google rolls out the latest developer preview Android 1 day ago The OnePlus 5 is coming to the UK. Here's what to expect The OnePlus 5 is coming to the UK. Here's what to expect Gadgets 1 day ago Why the UK should care about James Comey's Trump testimony Why the UK should care about James Comey's Trump testimony Fbi 1 day ago Google sells Boston Dynamics to Softbank four years after buying it Google sells Boston Dynamics to Softbank four years after buying it Boston Dynamics 1 day ago Apple's HomePod, Snapchat Spectacles: Podcast 321 Apple's HomePod, Snapchat Spectacles: Podcast 321 Podcast 1 day ago Molecules found in young stars suggest life on Earth came via our Sun Molecules found in young stars suggest life on Earth came via our Sun Life 1 day ago Silencing the seas: climate change is irrevocably altering the sound of our oceans Silencing the seas: climate change is irrevocably altering the sound of our oceans Climate Change 2 days ago Einstein's 'impossible' star theory has been proved by the Hubble telescope Einstein's 'impossible' star theory has been proved by the Hubble telescope Space 2 days ago Photosynthesis 'created' in a lab can produce hydrogen for 10 hours Photosynthesis 'created' in a lab can produce hydrogen for 10 hours Photosynthesis 3 days ago Leaked NSA report claims Russia ran 'cyber espionage' against US elections Leaked NSA report claims Russia ran 'cyber espionage' against US elections Hacking 3 days ago The biggest movie releases coming out in June The biggest movie releases coming out in June Film 02 Jun 2017 The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far Flights 30 May 2017 The biggest new game releases for June The biggest new game releases for June Gaming 3 days ago The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK Amazon Prime 24 May 2017 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About ONLY £1.50 AN ISSUE + FREE DIGITAL EDITIONS Subscribe Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up Remember the poll that predicted the Labour surge? We explain the methodology Remember the poll that predicted the Labour surge? We explain the methodology Labour 1 day ago E3 2017 starts next week. Here's what to expect E3 2017 starts next week. Here's what to expect E3 1 day ago DUP has formed a coalition with the Conservatives. Here's where it stands on major policies DUP has formed a coalition with the Conservatives. Here's where it stands on major policies General Election 1 day ago What a hung parliament means for the UK and Brexit What a hung parliament means for the UK and Brexit Parliament 1 day ago Android O nears its full release date: Google rolls out the latest developer preview Android O nears its full release date: Google rolls out the latest developer preview Android 1 day ago The OnePlus 5 is coming to the UK. Here's what to expect The OnePlus 5 is coming to the UK. Here's what to expect Gadgets 1 day ago Why the UK should care about James Comey's Trump testimony Why the UK should care about James Comey's Trump testimony Fbi 1 day ago Google sells Boston Dynamics to Softbank four years after buying it Google sells Boston Dynamics to Softbank four years after buying it Boston Dynamics 1 day ago Apple's HomePod, Snapchat Spectacles: Podcast 321 Apple's HomePod, Snapchat Spectacles: Podcast 321 Podcast 1 day ago Molecules found in young stars suggest life on Earth came via our Sun Molecules found in young stars suggest life on Earth came via our Sun Life 1 day ago Silencing the seas: climate change is irrevocably altering the sound of our oceans Silencing the seas: climate change is irrevocably altering the sound of our oceans Climate Change 2 days ago Einstein's 'impossible' star theory has been proved by the Hubble telescope Einstein's 'impossible' star theory has been proved by the Hubble telescope Space 2 days ago Photosynthesis 'created' in a lab can produce hydrogen for 10 hours Photosynthesis 'created' in a lab can produce hydrogen for 10 hours Photosynthesis 3 days ago Leaked NSA report claims Russia ran 'cyber espionage' against US elections Leaked NSA report claims Russia ran 'cyber espionage' against US elections Hacking 3 days ago The biggest movie releases coming out in June The biggest movie releases coming out in June Film 02 Jun 2017 The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far Flights 30 May 2017 The biggest new game releases for June The biggest new game releases for June Gaming 3 days ago The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK Amazon Prime 24 May 2017 Culture WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 9 Labour's position on Brexit may have played a key role in attaining a hung parliament, SoftBank is to buy Boston Dynamics from Google parent Alphabet By WIRED 1 day ago By WIRED Friday 9 June 2017 WIRED Your WIRED daily briefing. Today, Labour's position on Brexit may have played a key role in attaining a hung parliament, SoftBank is to buy Boston Dynamics from Google parent Alphabet, Comey testimony reveals that the FBI was aware of Russian electoral interference as early as 2015 and more. ADVERTISEMENT Get WIRED Awake sent straight to your inbox every weekday morning by 8am. Click here to sign up to the WIRED Awake newsletter. 1. Labour's vagueness on Brexit could have been this election's strategic masterstroke Following the news that the General Election has resulted in a hung parliament, it's become clear that that the hard Brexit, hard austerity and hard anti-encryption stance of Theresa May's Conservative Party failed to resonate with a majority of Britain's voters (WIRED). Voters were tired of Brexit, polls showed. The 48 per cent did not exist. All this was good news for Labour because they didn’t have a view on Brexit. The party's vagueness appeared at best weak, at worst downright foolish. In fact, it could have been a strategic masterstroke. Political scientists have long argued that the way to win elections is to be on the most popular side of divisive issues. Now, on this defining question, Labour represented the centre. Labour was aided by May’s disastrous, over-confident campaign, highlighted by the fiasco over the "dementia tax". But, again, underlying all this was Brexit. Brexit was a debate between immigration and the economy – so, logically speaking, if she was for a hard Brexit, she couldn’t claim to be strong on the economy. Labour’s traditional image of economic weakness mattered that much less. But if this election shows anything, it’s that people want Brexit, but not too much of it. READ NEXT Our best Netflix series worth watching list has a new entry Our best Netflix series worth watching list has a new entry By Alexandra Simon-Lewis 2. SoftBank to buy Boston Dynamics Japanese technology and telecommunications giant SoftBank has agreed to buy Alphabet's robotics subsidiaries Boston Dynamics and Schaft for an undisclosed sum (The Verge). Boston Dynamics is best known for heavy-duty bipedal and quadrupedal robots designed for military-grade use in rough terrain, while Schaft is a humanoid robotics specialist that grew out of the JSK Robotics Laboratory at the University of Tokyo. SoftBank is already known for its investment in robotics in the form of the self-consciously cute Pepper robot assistant developed in partnership with Aldebaran Robotics. SoftBank Group CEO Masayoshi Son said: "Today, there are many issues we still cannot solve by ourselves with human capabilities. Smart robotics are going to be a key driver of the next stage of the Information Revolution, and Marc and his team at Boston Dynamics are the clear technology leaders in advanced dynamic robots." 3. Comey: FBI was aware of Russian electoral interference Former FBI director James Comey has told a Senate Intelligence hearing that the FBI was aware of interference by Russian hackers from the very beginning of the US presidential campaign period (CNET). He described "a massive effort to target government and nongovernmental agencies", which the intelligence agency was aware of as early as late summer 2015. Speaking of Russian cyberattacks intended to interfere with the outcome of the US election, Comey said: "They did it with overwhelming technical efforts, and it was an active-measures campaign driven from the top of the government". Comey was fired last month by US president Donald Trump amid an investigation into connections between Trump's Republican administration and the Russian government. 4. 'Liking' Qatar on Facebook is now illegal in Saudi Arabia As the diplomatic crisis between Qatar and its Middle Eastern neighbours worsens, Saudi Arabia has made it illegal to repost or press like on any social media post that expresses sympathy for Qatar (Qatar). The law, introduced on Wednesday, June 7, covers both on- and offline expressions of "sympathy" – what constitutes such an expression isn't clearly defined – and carries a minimum fine of 500,000 Dirhams (£105,162) and a maximum prison sentence of 15 years. The diplomatic stand-off, which has seen borders closed and vital food exports to Qatar stopped, was triggered on May 23 when Russian hackers fabricated comments praising Saudi Arabia's rival, Iran, and sent them out via official Qatari government channels. ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT Editor's letter: to those with a bold vision, WIRED salutes you Editor's letter: to those with a bold vision, WIRED salutes you By Greg Williams 5. Facebook launches new maps to aid disaster relief Facebook has announced a new data visualisation toolkit to help disaster relief workers find people in need of help (The Verge). The company is to create data-driven maps based on the activity of Facebook users in disaster zones, with location density maps to show where people are located before, during and after a disaster; movement maps showing how people are shifting between population centres and regions, and safety check maps, which will use de-identified user data to show where the most and fewest people check in safe, allowing aid organisations to see where there are the largest number of people in need of assistance. The social media giant has teamed up with charities including UNICEF, the International Federation of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies and the World Food Programme, who will use the maps to provide help on the ground. Book now for WIRED Security From DDoS attacks to data manipulation, new cybersecurity regulations to organised fraud, businesses and consumers alike are faced with ever greater levels of security threats. Get inside knowledge on the developing threat landscape at WIRED Security 2017, returning to London on September 28. 6. Life on Earth may have begun with molecules found on the Sun Astronomers have found traces of chemicals that make up the basic ingredients needed for life in early Sun-like stars, suggesting that the building blocks of life on Earth could have originated from our own star (WIRED). In particular, the prebiotic molecule methyl isocyanate has been discovered for the first time in protostars, huge clumps of gas from which stars form. The molecules could have formed first in the Sun before being transported to Earth, where life evolved. "Either life originated completely on the surface of the Earth, or some building blocks were formed in the solar nebula prior to the formation of the Earth and delivered by comets to our planet, where biochemical reactions continued leading to the formation of the first living organisms," says Rafael Martín-Doménech, from the Centro de Astrobiología in Madrid, Spain. ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 8 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 8 By WIRED 7. The next version of Windows 10 reveals radical updates Microsoft has released the latest development build of Windows 10 Fall Creators Update, and the next version of the operating system looks set to make some sweeping changes to the operating-system-as-a-service's user experience and features (VentureBeat). New additions include the first elements of the improved Fluent Design System user interface; Windows Update now provides streamlined control over both per-user and group policy update; there are upgraded dictation and voice command features, and Cortana can now read posters you've taken photos of and suggest setting calendar events based on them. With Microsoft's purchase of Hexadite, the company has also revealed that it will be using its new artificial intelligence powered analysis tools to improve the future performance of its increasingly effective Windows Defender anti-malware toolkit. 8. CD Projekt Red refuses ransom demand for stolen Cyberpunk 2077 design docs CD Projekt Red has announced that design documents for its next game, Cyberpunk 2077 have been stolen and are being held to ransom (Kotaku). The Polish indie powerhouse behind The Witcher games and the GOG digital distribution platform said: "We will not be giving in to the demands of the individual or individuals that have contacted us, which might eventually lead to the files being published online". The developer says that "the documents are old and largely unrepresentative of the current vision for the game", advising fans to stick to official announcements for their information on the forthcoming dystopian sci-fi RPG. There is currently no release date for Cyberpunk 2077, which is based on the Cyberpunk 2020 tabletop role-playing game. 9. Pokémon Go is getting a summer solstice celebration and anniversary events A year on from its initial release on July 6, 2016, Pokémon Go is getting range of online and real-world events to celebrate (VG24/7). The first Pokémon Go Fest is scheduled to take place in Chicago on July 22, with tickets available from the official site and events in other locations – including London and New York – to be announced over the next couple of months. Meanwhile, all Pokémon Go players will get to take part in the game's Summer Solstice event, which will run from June 13 to June 20, with increased fire and ice type encounters. Niantic's augmented reality monster-catching sim has been downloaded over 750 million times, and the company says it's working on new updates including player vs player battles and other "collaborative group gaming features", set to come online shortly after the Solstice celebration. 10. Payday 2 is free on Steam until codes run out Overkill Software's hit heist-themed FPS, Payday 2 is currently free on Steam, but only five million copies are available, so you'll have to get in fast to claim yours (PC Gamer). The reason behind the decision to make the still-popular 2013 game, which includes support for virtual reality headsets, briefly free is the impending release of Payday 2: Ultimate Edition, which will incorporate all 144 DLC expansions so far released for Payday 2 and make all future DLC free. It's no longer possible to get any DLC for the original, currently free, release of the game. Overkill explains that: "Previous DLC is currently being added to the Ultimate Edition which will be available at a later date" and "The price to upgrade will depend on how several factors" – potentially including how much DLC you bought in the past. ADVERTISEMENT Popular on WIRED More United is crowdfunding UK politics In Brexit Britain, even the moderates are angry. "We need to get back to fighting," says Bess Mayhew. "We have to be militant in our moderation." Mayhew, 30, is the founder and acting CEO of "tech-driven political startup" More United, which backed 49 candidates in yesterday's election. Just don't call it a political party. WIRED​ ​07.17​ ​–​ ​on​ ​sale​ ​now With five Olympic medals, Ben Ainslie is one of the world's most successful sailors. His next challenge? To win the America's Cup. In this double issue, WIRED joins him and the Land Rover BAR team in Bermuda as he prepares for the race. Plus, we go inside the UK's new unicorn Improbable, and behind the lines at Elon Musk's distribution factory. Subscribe and save now. Out in print and digital. Subscribe now and save. Podcast 321: Apple's HomePod, Snapchat Spectacles Listen now, subscribe via RSS or add to iTunes. Get social. Follow WIRED on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and YouTube. Culture James Comey Brexit Politics Softbank Boston Dynamics Fbi WIRED Awake Share this article RECOMMENDED WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 8 June WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 8 June By WIRED Facebook 08 Jun 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 9 June WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 9 June By WIRED Wired Awake 09 Jun 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 28 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 28 By WIRED Wired Awake 28 Jun 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 29 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 29 By WIRED Wired Awake 29 Jun 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | Android Developer Preview 3: Android O will be version 8.0 Android Developer Preview 3: Android O will be version 8.0 By: Chandrika Jana Published: Friday, June 9, 2017, 12:30 [IST] Google yesterday released the third preview for Android O revealing the version number for the OS. In previous builds, the about screen didn't show the actual version number. Now, the third developer preview shows Android 8.0. Well, this information fails to surprise us as we already assumed that. Apparently, Android O still has a long road ahead of itself before it is rolled out to devices. Google has said that it doesn't plan to release the final version of the software before August, which is a couple of months away. Looking at the company's past patterns, even Android Nougat was launched at around the same time last year. If you can remember, the Google Pixel came with Android 7.1. So it is thought that the Google Pixel 2 will be running on Android O 8.1. While not as huge like Android L, Android O can still be considered as a pretty big update for Android. The latest version of Android is deemed to be more useful, deliver Fluid Experiences which will include features like Picture-in-picture, Notification Dots, Autofill with Google, and Smart Text Selection. Additionally, Android O will also come with TensorFlow Lite tech, some pertinent security enhancements, new developer tools, and a new programming language. If you are interested, you can scroll down and read about the Android O in detail. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Fluid Experiences With the new Android version, users will get better notifications experience with Notification Dots. Users will be easily able to view notifications by long pressing an app's respective icon. Further, the new OS will come with Picture in picture support, wherein users can multitask between watching YouTube videos which will be minimized into a small window while navigating through other apps. Android O will also have a feature called Autofill which when enabled will remember your usernames and passwords and you can quickly login to your account. And there's more, Android O will also come with a feature called Smart text selection. Well, this basic text highlight feature will be using Google AI to easily identify and copy useful text intelligently. Google also talked about the TensorFlow Lite Tech. It is the company's new neural network API, that will power the next generation Android devices. According to Google, the tech will support features such as speech recognition, augmented reality apps and devices. Vitals Google had said that Google Play Protect will come with Android O and the feature is basically a virus scanner for Android apps. And with this Google will allow users to scan each app uploaded to the Play Store. Further Android O will bring in optimizations in the OS and according to Google the new OS will have twice as fast boot time than before. There are extensive changes to the runtime also including things like concurrent, compacting garbage collection and code locality. As a result, the apps will run faster Google said. Moreover, there will be wise limits applied to background services and this will prevent apps from running in the background for too long. Therefore users will get better battery efficiency with their devices. New programming language Kotlin While Java has been the standard programming language for Android, many have deemed it to be limiting. So Google has added support for a different programming language called the Kotlin. Google will be offering "first class support for Kotlin" and the company will be working with JetBrains (Kotlin was written by the JetBrains). However, the new programming language will be a tool to help developers build great apps. Additional information Google will release one more developer preview before the final launch, which is slated for Q3. We may get to see the fourth developer preview in the next month. Thanks to the third developer preview, developers can start prepping their apps for Android O and even begin publishing them on Google Play Store for users. Currently, Android O is available for the all the Google devices which include the Pixel, Pixel XL, Pixel C, Nexus 5X, and Nexus 6P in the Android Beta program. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Google Pixel XL 54,000 Specs Competitors Images +4 Read More About android o | android | operating system | news | google | smartphones Other articles published on Jun 9, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... JIO TV app is now the ninth most downloaded app on Google Play Store in India Apple suppliers arrested for selling iPhone user data illegally Android Developer Preview 3: Android O will be version 8.0 Featured Posts Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 30 Plus 1 on G+ 78 Share on Facebook 33 Share on Twitter Total Shares141 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Videos Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Calling through Google Home 1.2 Manual control over which Assistant answers 1.3 Independence Day [US-Only] 1.4 Notification access for easier access to contacts and messages 2 Download There's another version of the Google app floating around in the wild, and as we've probably become accustomed, it doesn't appear to make any notable changes upon installation. However, there are some interesting elements floating around in the apk. In this update, we can see the first signs of support for making calls with Google Home and a new action that allows users to manually reroute voice commands to the device in their hand. There's also a new feature that looks at your notifications in an effort to give easier access and suggests about your contacts and messages. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Calling through Google Home Google announced this one at I/O, so it's far from a surprise that things are starting to show up in the Google app. Think of this section as a status update. In case you missed it, the announcement at I/O declared that it will soon be possible to use Google Home a bit like a speakerphone. More specifically, you'll be able to start and carry through a call on Google Home. There were still a lot of unanswered questions, but a few of those might be cleared up with this teardown. To begin with, some people have predicted that the call still occurs through the caller's phone, but the audio is traveling over Bluetooth or Wi-Fi, while others have suggested a phone number will be linked to Google Home and calls will be made through the Google Voice infrastructure. It appears that the latter of the two is the winner. Some of the new strings show that users will link their phone service to Google Home for outgoing calls. Another common question is whether or not people will be able to answer incoming calls through Google Home. At the moment, only outgoing calls are mentioned in the strings, which hints that incoming calls might not be supported. On the other hand, this implementation doesn't look finished, and support could be added in the future, so this is far from conclusive. code <string name="assistant_settings_active_phone_service_category_title">Linked phone services</string> <string name="assistant_phone_preference">assistantPhone</string> <string name="assistant_settings_more_phone_servicer_category_title">Other phone services</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_title">Phone</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_default_snackbar_text">%1$s is your default phone service.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_link_dialog_text">Link your Google Account to %1$s to make calls on Google Home through Google Assistant.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_no_preference_title">Anonymous</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_no_preference_summary">You will appear as unlisted to others</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_service_category_title">The Assistant will use the phone service provided below for outgoing calls on Google Home. E911 is not available.</string> <string name="assistant_settings_phone_unable_unlink_default">Cannot unlink your default phone service.</string> Manual control over which Assistant answers Staying with the topic of Google Home, but going wider to all devices that run Assistant, it looks like Google is still working working out the best way to handle multiple always-listening devices. A new line of text has been added that will be used to give direction to the Assistant that the device in your hand is the one that should be responding. <string name="opa_mult_devices_answer_on_phone">Answer Here</string> There are no clear signs about how this line will be used, but it looks like it will be a button on the toast message. That is to say you'll probably have a brief span of a second or two after a command is claimed by another device when you'll be able to insist it should be handled on your phone. Obviously, we all want voice commands to be handled by the perfect device each time, but since that would take some bewilderingly perfect artificial intelligence and perfect knowledge of context, that's pretty unrealistic. Most of us expect commands to at least route to the device that can handle them, not to be sucked into the black hole that is a Google Home when certain commands only work on a phone. I welcome the option to manually tell Assistant to answer on my phone. It may be a hacky workaround, but at least it gives us an out that doesn't require whispering into a phone mic or walking over to the Home unit to hit a mute button. Independence Day [US-Only] There's actually nothing special to say here – Google just added a new line for activities scheduled for July 4th, which is Independence Day in the United States. <string name="july_4th_activities">July 4th activities</string> I don't have much to read into about a line like this, but I am going to predict those of us in the US will see this in a little less than a month. :p Notification access for easier access to contacts and messages If you were paying much attention to Google I/O, you may have caught that Android O is bringing a quirky new feature called Notification Dots. In short, the Google Launcher will draw a little dot over the corner of app icons when they have pending notifications. It seems Google may have another feature planned that will also begin watching your notifications. Several new lines describe a feature that will "help you find your contacts and messages," but it needs to watch your notifications to do that. code <string name="notification_accessable_apps_category_title">Notification access</string> <string name="notification_access_desc">Google uses notifications you've received on this device to help you find your contacts and messages. This is done solely on this device and these results are only shown to you.</string> <string name="notification_enabled_apps_title">Select the apps you'd like to include:</string> <string name="notification_access_link_text">Turn off notification access</string> <string name="notification_menu_message">To give Google access to your notifications, tap the toggle above next to Google. You can change this access from Settings &gt; In Apps.</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_title">Want to see more contacts?</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_body">To see more relevant contacts and messages, turn on notification access. This means that Google can read notifications from all apps and keep the information private on your phone.</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_dismiss_button_text">NOT NOW</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_learn_more_text">Learn more</string> <string name="notification_onboarding_optin_button_text">GO TO SETTINGS</string> Reading through the new strings is a little disappointing because they only give a (very vague) sales pitch about what the feature is supposed to achieve – helping you to find your contacts and messages – and that it wants permission to do this. However, there isn't even a hint about what users can actually expect to see as an end result. In fact, the most notable thing to take from the wording is that Google is very specific that all data collected for this feature is stored locally on your device and won't be going to the cloud. While privacy is certainly important, and it's not surprise Google wants to be cautious, this means users won't have cross-device syncing or some of the more clever features that rely on server-based processing. Two other small notes can be taken from the text, though they aren't terribly helpful. The first is simply that users can configure which apps will be watched, so it'll be possible to effectively ignore notifications that are misleading to the system or you might not want to have mixing into your results. The second detail is that the option to include or exclude apps from this feature is in Settings –> In Apps, which is currently where apps are enabled for deep search. This might suggest information from notifications will also turn up through the search field, just like deep search does now, but that feels like a bit of a leap in logic. Perhaps there will be more to learn when the next update begins rolling out. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 7.4.15 beta APK Mirror Download QR-Code Google Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app calling contacts download downloads google app google assistant google home Independence Day messages notifications teardown video subscribe ... Previous Story Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude ... Next Story Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments edmann What happen to the data saver for the cards that was supposed to be in the app? Cody Toombs If you don't live in India (or some other country with painfully slow bandwidth and crippling data caps), I'm not sure you'll see it at all. Even if you are in an area where it's going to roll out, I don't think it has been enabled yet. These things take time to implement and test, and things don't always move super quickly. Joshua So a third world Country or Canada. Got it. Oh wait, nothing comes to Canada. Cory S The Cold War has been over for a long time. Duder12 Google is moving farther and farther in front of Alexa and Siri. Its going to be embarrassing for the competition if the public finally notices. LondonLeedsFan Maybe in the US - UK won't be getting call features as far as I understand. Lars Jeppesen Neither will Europe or other places. xyz No worries since none of these will be available outside the US so everyone else will stick with the competition. Gfame103 Just enable the got dam calling feature already! Jack Smith Totally agree. Google has all of this already with Google Voice. Google is doing tons and tons but really wish they would go a little faster. XerBlade "It may be a hacky workaround, but at least it gives us an out that doesn't require whispering into a phone mic or walking over to the Home unit to hit a mute button." If this is truly what that's about, seriously, as I keep bringing up pretty much every time I see such extremes being brought up as necessities, wouldn't it be easier than any of those incredibly stupid solutions to just hit the button on your phone instead of using the hotword in the first place? tu3218 Bring it on! Good_Ole_Pinocchio I want new Hardware Google. Software is almost fully baked. I shall wait. Jack Smith "I want new Hardware " Not following. New hardware for what? BTW, the software will NEVER be fully baked. This does not work that way. It will be constant adding for the rest of my life. It is like saying Search was baked five years ago. Good_Ole_Pinocchio Better Speaker, and More Mics so it's easier for it to hear. And software wise I mean fully baked as in what we expected the thing to be on launch day. The software was gimped and anemic. Now all the expected basics are here.... Oh except we still can't set reminders. F4LL0U7 So this stuff is great, but I'm having some experience-breaking issues on my Nexus 5X and G Watch R. 1. Reminders just don't show up as notifications at all, and automatically get dismissed. This makes them completely useless as reminders! 2. I enter *every* appointment in Google Calendar, and some of them have addresses. This should (and used to) make a very handy "time to leave" card and notification show up when I needed it. Currently, the card and notification do show up, but then get automatically dismissed. When they disappear, that event no longer shows up in my agenda in my Google feed. If it weren't for Google Calendar reminders, I'd completely miss my appointments. Both of these issues have plagued me for months, and have not been fixed even if I do a factory reset. Anyone else experiencing this? Any suggestions? Good_Ole_Pinocchio I haven't experienced those issues personally. You may get a lot more responses over at reddit though. surethom All. I want is a graphical equaliser to reduce the ridiculously high base. Good_Ole_Pinocchio What you need is new hardware from Google. Jack Smith What do you need in new hardware? reggjoo Are you rooted? If so, Magisk has many audio mods that will give you the control your looking for(Dolby atmos is one example). If not, maybe the playstore has something, even though they seem to not integrate seamlessly with the system as much. Cory S You can't root the Google Home, or enable Dolby Atmos. obk88 is using the free spotify account available yet? JD That will never happen Spencer Actually... http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/17/google-home-now-supports-spotify-even-free-accounts-plus-soundcloud-deezer/ obk88 lol it was announced in the google I/O Grey When will my phone beep when I say Okay Google again? This is the single most head-scratching, bizarre, insane decision Google has ever made. Does anyone else's Okay Google's on their phone beep them anymore? Makes that sound? Mine make it over bluetooth but not in person. I DON'T GET IT. How do I get this feature back?? It's essential. Willie Chalmers III It makes the noise if it's on Bluetooth. I miss the sound, but I suppose Google considered the fact that if you're asking the assistant something on your phone, you can visually see if it's responding, so only tactile response, a vibration, is necessary There's also the possibility that the noise made Google Assistant feel less conversational and more like a robot, which isn't what Google desires. Grey I think the less conversational thing is what they were going for, but there's tons of problems. For one, it isn't always listening. I have spoken to the phone trying to be conversational and it's just not listening anymore. And two, I'm not looking at my phone!!! That's the point of voice commands!! reggjoo Those settings are not there with the new updates(at least the last two). If anybody can find the "in apps" button, more power to you. I lost the voice function, except in the Google app, after I updated that. Tried all the "solutions" that I could possibly find, and scoured every post. By accident, I was messing around with Google +, and did something, some settings came up, clicked on some, and "viola" everything came back! In apps was back, the beep was back, just like before their update. Do I want to update it again? Not really. akshay7394 It beeps when you trigger it via 'Ok Google', doesn't beep if triggered through the home button long-press gesture. Grey I only use Ok Google. Doesn't beep. akshay7394 Strange; are you referring to Assistant or the older version ? beeps for me :s Grey It's Assistant. I say "Okay Google" and there's no beep. You get a beep for every prompt to speak? Not over Bluetooth, not on Google Home, on your phone? I have a Nexus 6P. Cory S I know the beep can be turned on for the Home at least. reggjoo Go to google+, and find a setting in there that re-enables these settings for you. Uninstalling updates, updating, clearing data/cache had no effect on losing voice/beep, etc. By accident, I found a setting that took me to a voice adjustment page, that re-enables your voice, the way it's supposed to be. I can't remember what g+ setting took me to it, so you gotta do your homework. After that, I turned off auto updates, and detached it from the playstore, but Google always finds a way to sometimes secretly install the update anyway. Total Insecurity On my Google Pixel XL it still beeps like a champ. reggjoo Try to find the solution thru google+, you wouldn't expect any settings to be there for the assistant, but something's there, but I can't remember what I did, and it was by accident. Sina ina Anyone having problem with ok google detection when screen is off ( while chaging ) with this version ? mine is broken right now reggjoo If that's all that's wrong, feel lucky, the update of Google app broke my voice, it only worked in the Google app, after I pressed the home button. Almost 6 hours after I updated it, it went to that state. First it's actions started slowing down, then in any app died, then it stopped launching from the launcher(even though my launcher has OK Google detection built in). After clearing cache, data, uninstalling to previous versions, updating, messing with activity settings, enabling permissions with apps2sd pro, I fixed it by accident. I went to Google +, found some settings in there(wasn't looking for anything about the assistant). From the settings in the app, other settings about the assistant started popping up. Enabled them, and everything started working again, except screen off. I figure I could get that to work again too, but ya gotta know when to say when. I turned off automatic updates, used titanium backup to detach it from the playstore, but Google, sometimes gets around that, and updates anyway, so my fingers are crossed now. I want to enjoy my phone, for a little while, before they screw it up again. Behace When deciding which device to answer from, why can't assistant decide which decides can handle the request then figure out which device recorded the request at the highest decibel? It would be a rather crude way of deciding which device to answer with but it could work, no? Fruity101079 Still no Google Assistant on Nexus devices, while my language is supported... reggjoo What I worry about is breaking what setup I already have. Last few updates broke my voice function (what happened to "from any app button"?) It took almost a month to figure how to get that function back. Eventually, through g+, after trying all the help solutions, that didn't work at all, I figured it out, but I can't remember how now. I don't want to go thru that again. I'm turning off automatic updates, just to protect my setup, even though Google apps always finds a way. I'll shy away from this one, til I hear from various forums about stability problems with setups and older devices. Ryan How about recognizing the Home is handling the request and turning my screen back off? My phone just sits there with the screen on. JG it looks like Google is still working working out the best way to handle multiple always-listening devices Having to press a "Answer here" button, IMHO, kind of defeats the purpose of having hands free, always listening devices. Instead, I think Google should set customized wake up triggers for each device. Right now we have "OK Google" and "Hey Google" trigger phrases. The Google Home and Android Auto could be set to only reply to "Hey Google" while the phone could be set to reply to just "OK Google" triggers. Then I could just say "OK Google, send a text to Mark, let him know I'll be 10min late" and know my phone is going to handle it rather than my Home yelling at me that it still can't send messages. Or maybe even go a step farther. Motorola has had the ability to set personalized trigger phrases for their Moto X line for some years now (mine woke to "Hello Moto X"). I'm sure Google should be able to figure out a means to allow each of my devices to have their own specific wake up trigger. That might also help cut down on false triggers in multi-Home houses. "Hey Bedroom Home, what time is it" won't accidentally trigger both Bedroom Home and Living Room Home. reggjoo I said almost the same thing a while ago, as far as the trigger word goes. Why Google, still holds onto "OK Google" just to use voice, is beyond me. Some will say that changing it will mess with their servers, but no, how could it, all the info they collect on you, your habits, etc.. I'm sure there's enough space in there for personalized voice commands. Your idea is good. xyz US only? Lame. When is Google going to bring independence day to the rest of the world? JG There's actually nothing special to say here – Google just added a new line for activities scheduled for July 4th, which is Independence Day in the United States. I'm curious as to this string... Is Google going to display my personal information (from Calendar et al) reminding me I need to take potato salad to Aunt Em's pool party... Or will it display information about near by activities, like when my local municipality's fire works display is scheduled... Or is Google going to "host" their own special Independence Day activities? And will other holidays get similar treatment in the future? Blake Sinnett So I've been thinking ever since this was posted. What if you could connect Duo for audio calls? It would certainly improve quality. They mention "phone services" but that could be Duo, Skype, etc. What if they made it possible for apps to connect to the Google Home calling feature? Probably not, but it would be neat if that happened. Jack Smith Come on do a little research. Google already has all of this with Google Voice (GV). It will NOT require bluetooth and are you serious? Go download GV and then it will be obvious how it works. Cory S I'm surprised they aren't using the sensors in the device, so that it knows you are holding it to decide where to answer, instead of a ratchet toast button. Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 72 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 72 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 131 queries | 0.374s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
birminghammailLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Local News Midlands News UK News Homes and Property Politics Crime Education Business Nostalgia Showbiz Health MotorsExpand In Your Area What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Theatre Food & Drink Music & Nightlife Shopping CompetitionsExpand Villa Blues Albion Sport Latest Sport Aston Villa Birmingham City West Brom Wolves Football Rugby Cricket Other Sport National Sport Sport Opinion Fantasy FootballExpand Nostalgia Celebs & TV Quizzes Food & Drink My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices Cashback Dating BuySell Book an Ad Photos InYourArea Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time Bingo Buy a Photo How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Feedback Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sell Your Story Bands Directory © 2017 Trinity Mirror Midlands Home News Midlands News General election News These are the answers to the questions everybody's asking about the General Election We answer some of the popular questions asked during election night so far, according to Google Trends  Share  Comments ByJames Rodger 07:00, 9 JUN 2017 Updated08:56, 9 JUN 2017 News Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Since the 10pm exit poll which projected a hung parliament, Britons have been using Google to answer their pressing election queries. Here, we answer some of the popular questions asked during election night so far, according to Google Trends. Who has won the election? Pictured Prime Minister Theresa May about to speaking to Conservative Party activists on the last day of the General Election campaign at the National Conference Centre in Hampton In Arden, Solihull. With the General Election ending in a hung parliament, there could be days or weeks of political horse-trading before the final form of the next government is settled. No party has emerged with an overall majority meaning the incumbent Conservative Government stays in office until Theresa May either does a deal - most likely with the Democratic Unionists - or goes to the Queen to tender her resignation and that of her administration. If the latter happens, Jeremy Corbyn as leader of the largest opposition party may be invited by the Queen to form a government either as a minority or in coalition with another party or parties. In 2010, Gordon Brown held onto the premiership for six days as frantic negotiations took place, resigning only when it became clear that the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats had reached agreement on a viable coalition. It is highly likely that Mrs May too would hold back on any resignation until she has had time to test whether she has the support to attempt to continue in office. With 650 MPs in Parliament, 326 seats are needed for an absolute majority in the House of Commons. But in practice, a working majority will require just 322 MPs, as the Speaker does not vote and Sinn Fein has so far declined to take up its seats. Mrs May would be able to pass this crucial figure with the support of the DUP but the Ulster party will demand significant concessions in return for propping up her adminstration. The Brexit-supporting party has boosted its number to 10 with two gains, giving it a potentially pivotal role. How many constituencies are there in the UK? There are 650 constituencies in the UK, each of which is represented by an MP. What is a minority government? A minority government is when a party in the House of Commons seeks to rule despite having fewer MPs than the sum of all the other parties put together. This could happen if the Conservatives fail to win more than half the seats in the Commons (326 or more) and do not form a coalition with other parties to make up the difference. What time will the votes be counted? Most seats will be counted by early Friday morning, but the last will be finished by around midday. Read More General Election 2017: These are all the MPs in the West Midlands Who is Nick Clegg? Nick Clegg was a former Liberal Democrat leader who just lost his Sheffield Hallam seat to Labour. He was deputy prime minister under the Conservative-Lib Dem coalition of 2010-2015, led by David Cameron. He is passionately pro-Remain, and was a Member of the European Parliament before becoming MP in 2005. Nick Clegg, who has lost his Sheffield Hallam seat to Labour. What constituency am I in? Voters can find out their constituency by using the Parliament website's free Constituency Finder tool here. Read More General Election - Birmingham Ladywood Northfield Yardley Sutton Coldfield Selly Oak Perry Barr Hodge Hill Hall Green Edgbaston Erdington How did my constituency vote? General Election 2017: Every result from the West Midlands Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @BirminghamMail Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Conservative Party Google Labour Party Liberal Democrats David Cameron Nick Clegg Theresa May General election Politics News all Most Read Most Recent FacebookWatch: Men throw punches in Lozells road rage brawl as dispute erupts in fist fight Shock footage has emerged which shows unidentified pair coming to blows after a row. FlybeMayday alert as plane plunges 15,000ft over Dudley after cabin pressure drop Air accident investigation after pilot radioed Mayday when oxygen supplies were cut at 25,000 feet SolihullPolice in dramatic chase after gunmen raid Knowle bank Armed officers arrest three men at sports club after pursuit along M42 and around Solihull Midlands NewsPolice appeal after mum and daughter 'racially abused' on Birmingham train British Transport Police say the women were travelling from London to Birmingham when attack took place CrimeShamed ex-BBC WM presenters Tony and Julie Wadsworth jailed for FIVE YEARS for targeting young boys for sex Husband-and-wife Tony and Julie Wadsworth lived a secret life which saw them abuse boys in woodland Midlands NewsMotorist jailed for terrorising children with knife, wins appeal to reduce sentence Sajad Ditta, 43, was imprisoned for 16 months at Wolverhampton Crown Court in January In The NewsUK road tax rules have changed: How much do you need to pay now? Motorists across Birmingham and throughout the West Midlands will be required to change what they pay in a bid to keep their vehicles on the road The Only Way Is EssexThe Only Way Is Essex: How much money does each TOWIE star get paid? Just how much are each of the most popular TOWIE stars earning? Midlands NewsSome 50p coins in your pocket could be worth MUCH more than their face value Some rare counds could be worth hundreds of times face value Royal FamilySome new £1 coins are being sold on eBay for nearly £300 The new 12-sided coin, designed by a Midlands schoolboy, from Walsall, entered circulation earlier this year Most Read Most Recent Birmingham weatherICC Champions Trophy: The weather forecast for England vs Australia at Edgbaston Edgbaston Cricket Ground is the venue as the old rivals go head-to-head RyanairRyanair attacked by passengers for splitting couples and families on flights UNLESS you pay extra Passengers who end up far apart claim budget airline has changed policy as complaints soar FacebookWatch: Men throw punches in Lozells road rage brawl as dispute erupts in fist fight Shock footage has emerged which shows unidentified pair coming to blows after a row. FlybeMayday alert as plane plunges 15,000ft over Dudley after cabin pressure drop Air accident investigation after pilot radioed Mayday when oxygen supplies were cut at 25,000 feet Tony XiaIt's transfer season and Aston Villa owner Tony Xia is at it again! Villa owner confounding everyone with cryptic Tweets Download FestivalTent alert re strong gusts in weather forecast for Download Festival 2017 Download Festival began with a dry day - but strong gusts forecast for the rest of the weekend Birmingham RestaurantsThings you have to wait ages for in Birmingham The cult burgers, restaurants and clothes that many think are worth the wait Midlands NewsMotorist jailed for terrorising children with knife, wins appeal to reduce sentence Sajad Ditta, 43, was imprisoned for 16 months at Wolverhampton Crown Court in January West Bromwich Albion FCWest Brom digest: Who is Mendy; Long trek; Gibb-s over; Hal Robson Kan't All the latest news and views from The Hawthorns Aston Villa FCAston Villa digest: Irvine latest; Tony Tweets; Zlatan fan; Whelan news; Crucial cog All the latest news and views from Villa Park Top Stories Midlands NewsMotorist jailed for terrorising children with knife, wins appeal to reduce sentence Sajad Ditta, 43, was imprisoned for 16 months at Wolverhampton Crown Court in January FlybeMayday alert as plane plunges 15,000ft over Dudley after cabin pressure drop Air accident investigation after pilot radioed Mayday when oxygen supplies were cut at 25,000 feet SolihullCops in dramatic chase after gunmen raid bank Armed officers arrest three men at sports club after pursuit along M42 and around Solihull CourtsConman banked £2k in GoFundMe fraud after claiming his cats had died in house fire Money poured in for ‘devastated’ Adam Pattinson after donations from Kings Heath Cat Club FacebookWatch: Men throw punches in Lozells road rage brawl as dispute erupts in fist fight Shock footage has emerged which shows unidentified pair coming to blows after a row. CrimeShamed ex-BBC WM presenters Tony and Julie Wadsworth jailed for FIVE YEARS for targeting young boys for sex Husband-and-wife Tony and Julie Wadsworth lived a secret life which saw them abuse boys in woodland RyanairRyanair attacked by passengers for splitting couples and families on flights UNLESS you pay extra Passengers who end up far apart claim budget airline has changed policy as complaints soar Queen Elizabeth HospitalPedestrian seriously injured as car overturns in crash Man taken to hospital with possible 'life-threatening' injuries after collision Product recallsMars recall some Galaxy, Maltesers Teasers and Minstrels over salmonella risk The move from the chocolate giants comes "due to the potential presence of salmonella" Conservative PartyWest Midland's biggest General Election flops - the candidates who lost their £500 deposits More than HALF of all candidates in the West Midlands lost their deposits after failing to get enough votes National LotteryThis is what happens if you win the lottery tonight It's probably a lot more complex than you think - here's everything you need to know Midlands NewsPolice appeal after mum and daughter 'racially abused' on Birmingham train British Transport Police say the women were travelling from London to Birmingham when attack took place FacebookWatch: Men throw punches in Lozells road rage brawl as dispute erupts in fist fight Shock footage has emerged which shows unidentified pair coming to blows after a row. FlybeMayday alert as plane plunges 15,000ft over Dudley after cabin pressure drop Air accident investigation after pilot radioed Mayday when oxygen supplies were cut at 25,000 feet SolihullPolice in dramatic chase after gunmen raid Knowle bank Armed officers arrest three men at sports club after pursuit along M42 and around Solihull Midlands NewsPolice appeal after mum and daughter 'racially abused' on Birmingham train British Transport Police say the women were travelling from London to Birmingham when attack took place CrimeShamed ex-BBC WM presenters Tony and Julie Wadsworth jailed for FIVE YEARS for targeting young boys for sex Husband-and-wife Tony and Julie Wadsworth lived a secret life which saw them abuse boys in woodland CourtsFirst picture of UK's youngest double killers Lucas Markham and Kim Edwards after they are named Kim Edwards and her boyfriend Lucas Markham, were locked up for life after slaughtering her mum and sister in their beds. CourtsConman banked £2k in GoFundMe fraud after claiming his cats had died in house fire Money poured in for ‘devastated’ Adam Pattinson after donations from Kings Heath Cat Club Midlands NewsMotorist jailed for terrorising children with knife, wins appeal to reduce sentence Sajad Ditta, 43, was imprisoned for 16 months at Wolverhampton Crown Court in January ITVWhy Jeremy Kyle, This Morning and Loose Women won't be on TV today The popular ITV daytime programmes - along with This Morning - have been postponed. General electionDaughter of Indian bus driver becomes UK's first female Sikh MP Labour held Edgbaston with 24,124 votes and increased their majority to 6,917 Queen Elizabeth HospitalPedestrian seriously injured as car overturns in Walsall crash Man taken to hospital with possible 'life-threatening' injuries after collision on Bentley Road North West Midlands PoliceStranger danger alert issued by Solihull school after student 'approached by couple' The child 'ran away, was unharmed and made a report to the police' London 2012 OlympicsThe UK's most valuable coins: Do you have any of these rare 2p, 5p and 50p pieces in your pocket? You might be richer than you think - see some of the coins which are worth rather more than they say AmazonIs streaming on Kodi illegal? Here's how to stay the right side of the law A trader is being hauled to court in a landmark case over the legality of selling boxes loaded with Kodi BBCPervert BBC radio stars Julie and Tony Wadsworth face JAIL for abusing young boys in woodlands Shamed former BBC WM presenters due to be sentenced this afternoon after jury saw through lies Conservative PartyGeneral Election 2017: Every result from the West Midlands The Labour Party easily brushed aside the Tories in Birmingham AmazonKodi: We pick the best addons and downloads The streaming craze shows no sign of slowing down - and, if you're looking to get the best possible experience, we're here to help FacebookWatch: Primary school teacher's XXXX rant at bouncers School launched investigation Emily Higgins shouts bad language at door staff at Geisha in The Cube Great BarrMuch-loved schoolboy died after off-road cycle with no brakes was hit by speeding car Sean Purchase, 15, suffered 'catastrophic' injuries after Kingstanding crash and died a month later The Cube BirminghamPrimary school teacher's XXXX rant at bouncers - parents complain about school response An investigation was launched after video emerged of teacher Emily Higgins drunkenly ranting at doormen outside The Cube News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter instagram InYourArea Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time Bingo Buy a Photo How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Feedback Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sell Your Story Bands Directory © 2017 Trinity Mirror Midlands This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Release notes for Play Services v11 have been posted with a new API for smooth SMS verification and several significant additions and deprecations Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 3:32pm PDTJun 8, 2017 13 Plus 1 on G+ 53 Share on Facebook 29 Share on Twitter Total Shares95 Development News Now that Google is through with its biggest developer conference of the year, it's time to deliver a few updates and fulfill some of the promises made during the event. Some of that is happening through an update to Play services. Google posted the release notes for the update and it includes a lot of additions, both big and small, and a few deprecations.   For the non-developers in the crowd, most of this stuff isn't going to matter all that much, but there is one new feature that might catch their interest. A new API will allow apps to perform SMS verifications without accessing the SMS history. It's probably not a big change for users, and developers will still have to implement some changes to their app and server code before it can be used, but it means there will be fewer apps with an excuse to poke around in your SMS messages. There are quite a few changes to the different APIs provided by Play services, and developers should definitely check out the full list here. Here are a few particularly interesting things worth highlighting: SmsRetriever API is the SMS verification API mentioned above. It allows apps to listen for incoming SMS messages intended for them without asking users for permission to read all of their messages. This means phone number verifications can be entirely seamless with no authorization dialogs or manual steps to copy a code from a text message. It works by giving a unique hash to apps so they can pass it back to the developer's server. That hash should then be sent via SMS to the user's phone and parsed by Play services. Once a message with the hash is identified, it will be passed directly to the primary app. The RemoteMediaPlayer class has been deprecated from the Cast API. If you're using the Cast SDK v2, there is a guide available for migrating to Cast SDK v3. As we were told during I/O, all developers are now free to build Instant Apps. Details can be found here. Significant additions to Nearby and SafetyNet APIs, as well as some handy new classes for working with the Fused Location Provider and Awareness capabilities. If you haven't already done it, go to the SDK Manager in Android Studio or the one included with the Android SDK and update the Google repository to get started with the latest APIs. Source: Google API Release Notes Tags api development google play services play services sdk subscribe ... Previous Story Gear S3 Classic LTE now available from Verizon ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Suicide_Note Yayyy! http://i1063.photobucket.com/albums/t506/bamalamsam/Victorious%20Gifs/yayyyy.gif Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ The strip turned pink? Josh Hoffman I miss the Magnus Hyttsten play services update videos. Last one was for 8.4 Cody Toombs I actually ran into him in the wild at I/O a few weeks ago and told him how much he was missed. He's on a different team now, so we're probably not going to see him around. David Onter > "Significant additions to SafetyNet APIs" I don't trust this part right here Bewear SafetyNet is getting more evil. Trooper311 More like Skynet. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,...... Daniel Tbh, it's all those rooting apps we're hearing about that made them want to put in all theses APIs. Hackers make the problems, tinkers suffer. That's life I guess. Artem Russakovskii There's one for reCaptcha, for example https://security.googleblog.com/2017/06/making-internet-safer-and-faster.html. Looks helpful. Ryan Hoffmann Wrong link to the API release notes. It should be this one: https://developers.google.com/android/guides/releases but you guys have it linked to your post about Instant Apps instead. Cody Toombs woops, copy/paste error. Fixed it, thanks. Makay Chapulets I run v11 already... On BETA Willie Chalmers III Yep; knew it: http://disq.us/p/1ipjdav Allo probably did use a version of this, after all. I saw a discussion in the FirebaseUI Android GitHub repo that this would be a part of a (then) unreleased version of Google Play Services, and it's good to finally see SMS Retriever API going public. blindexecutioner Fuck your adblock popup, dicks. Hayden7200 Why, because you think these guys should spend all their time writing articles for you to read and not receive a paycheck? It's free to you, so stop acting so entitled. tim242 That doesn't give sites the right to abuse. Kristian Ivanov Abuse what exactly? Randroid When it's a "would you like some site with your ads?" situation, there's no excuse for blocking adblock. Which is basically the case here at AP. Stephen Sharp You would think someone who has an adblocker installed would know how to block one more popup.....just saying... Jsilvermist Whenever I get an anti-adblock popup, I either just block it or disable JavaScript for that site, if both of those things fail, bye bye site. Edit: Also, I run anti-anti-adblock scripts :P Romario Maxwell I saw a trick shared on Quora where you use live editing in the Chrome DevTools to remove the HTML element that is the popup. Randroid Or you can use TamperMonkey for things like that: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo?hl=en Rickinbsb Using Brave is also a good option jcopernicus Messaging is like a rash at Google. Now they're spreading into Play Services. Brian G. "Added the ability to enable immersive mode on full-screen ads by adding the setImmersiveMode() method to the PublisherInterstitialAd and RewardedVideoAd classes." WTH Google! Seems to be an internal Google struggle between "bad" ads and full-screen immersive ads. Rickinbsb people will just start to add fake nav buttons to trick us into clicking the ad Randroid "...through and update to Play services" *an update. Not and update. Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 109 queries | 0.508s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to main content SIGN IN | REGISTER WEBINARS SOCIAL NETWORKS How Social Titans Market To Win Inside Wendy's Social Media Secret Sauce LinkedIn Etiquette Guide 2017: 20 Do’s & Don’ts [Infographic] Facebook Messenger Reactions Used 2 Billion Times in First 2 Months [Infographic] A Guide to Planning Instagram Stories for Events How Users Engaged with the 2017 UEFA Champions League Final on Facebook and Instagram [Infographic] Celebrating Pride Month on Social – a Platform by Platform Guide 5 New Facebook Updates and Tests Spotted This Week How to Save Money with Social Media [Infographic] Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Twitter MARKETING 4 Reasons Why 76% of Small Businesses Don’t See Positive ROI from Facebook Virtual and Augmented Reality: What Brands Need to Know [Infographic] 5 Marketing Mistakes You Should Avoid In Your Small Business What's a Good Click-Through Rate? The Perfect Email: How to Get Opened, Read & Responded [Infographic] 3 Ways to Use the Facebook Pixel to Boost Your Marketing Efforts 5 Key Social Media Metrics to Measure 4 Key Steps in Developing a Company Mission (and Why You Need to) Google’s Building an Ad Blocker into Chrome – A Big Step Towards Regulating Online Ad Content Advertising Content Marketing Ecommerce Influence ROI TECHNOLOGY & DATA eCommerce Revolutionized Shopping and It’s Going to Do It Again with Virtual Reality [Infographic] The Evolution of Apps – And What's Coming Next [Infographic] 15 Free Tools to Help Track and Improve SEO Performance [Infographic] How Speed Affects Your Website [Infographic] Mary Meeker Internet Trends Report 2017 – The Outlook for Social and Digital Marketing Privacy Shield and the Impact of Data Transparency and Security for Social Media Professionals The Top U.S. Media Publishers on Social Media - April 2017 Google Unveils Next Generation Products at Google I/O Event 4 Tools for Garnering More Social Media Engagement Analytics Big Data Marketing Automation Security Social Tools Tech and Innovation SOCIAL BUSINESS Should You Buy Followers and Likes on Social Media? Here’s Why Your Facebook Ads Don’t Convert - and How to Fix Them [Podcast] 12 Reasons Why Your Business Should be Utilizing Employee Advocacy [Infographic] Facebook Releases New Report on Shifting Consumer Behaviors and How to Maximize Your Marketing Efforts LinkedIn Provides New Data on the Topics Resonating Most Among LinkedIn Users Instagram Adds New Direct Response Ad Options Within Stories 4 Key Steps in Using LinkedIn for Your Business Snapchat's Improving Their Ad Data, Adding New Bitmoji Functionality and Expanding Availability of Spectacles Facebook Adds Closed Caption Options to Facebook Live Broadcasts Community Customer Service Employee Advocacy Leadership Small Business Social Organization EVENT NEWSLETTER MY SMT Connect with us: Explore more:  content marketing content strategy content creation 33 Ways to Discover Ideas for Your Content Marketing June 08, 2017 Barry Feldman You’ll find a ton of blog posts and resources intended to help give you content marketing ideas, and most of them present various angles marketers are using now… how-to’s, lists, comparisons, newsjackers, customer stories, etc. I’ve written plenty of content in this vein, including posts (and infographics) to help you generate video marketing ideas, infographics, and lead magnets, such as eBooks. In this post, rather than GIVE you content marketing ideas, I’m going to tell you how (or where) to GET them. Mostly, you “steal” them. But as I hope you know, I don’t mean you plagiarize the content other brands publish - that’ll get you nowhere. What I mean is marketing ideas are inspired by a myriad of resources - online and off. The long list that follows explains exactly what I mean. I rely on these resources and you should too. 1. Search Begin a search in Google or Bing. You’re not only going to find a quick little surplus of ideas, but ideas people actually search for. Because… The search engine will attempt to guess what you’re searching for. As it detects your intention, it will suggest ideas. This is called Google Autocomplete. Somewhere on the page, often at the top, you may see common questions (“People also ask”) and answers, a feature that appears as an increasingly common response when searches are phrased as questions. Of course, the search results themselves may give you ideas. And for most searches, at the bottom of the page, you’ll see “Searches related to….” More ideas. 2. Competitors’ blogs and FAQs If you’re not eyeing the content your competitors create, you should. You might even want to setup Google Alerts or any media monitoring tool to keep tabs on your competitors and your industry at large. Check out their blogs and content hubs. You’re likely to find topics you can cover better, or differently. The same goes for the FAQ. Perhaps your answer to what a competitor claims is a frequently asked question merits developing an article or some form of content. Perhaps your big muscular answer makes theirs look weak. 3. Books Say hello to Amazon, a haven of content ideas. What do people write books about in your industry? “Look inside” a relevant book (a feature most Amazon books offer). Whoa… the preview feature shows you the book’s table of contents, which may contain all kinds of content marketing ideas. 4. eBooks eBooks, of the freebie variety, are offered on Amazon, Scribd, SlideShare, and well, everywhere. The companies you compete with certainly market them - searching for eBooks on a specific topic will present them to you. Mine them for ideas, or take one you like and do something different with it. I’ve written numerous successful blog posts based on an eBook, or a collection of them. They often contain quotes, statistics, research, examples, and other components that make it easier to include highly credible citations and links. 5. Magazines Remember magazines? I don’t buy as many as I once did, but I haven’t forgotten them. I subscribe to several in the digital marketing realm. Most of them are free. I don’t read them cover-to-cover - in fact, sometimes I don’t get to them at all - but often, they become my reading material at the gym or for late night reading (is that sad?). In any case, they give me ideas. I don’t mean to rail on any publisher in particular, but I’ll tell you most of the magazines I get about my field - digital marketing - feature fairly lightweight articles. Magazines do that. However, the topics often have potential, so they inspire ideas for me to create posts, eBooks, infographics, slide decks, videos, etc. 6. Research Research rocks content marketing - that is, published research reports. Join the mailing list of leaders in your industry and pay special attention when they publish research. It’s gold. Next, use parts of it in your content. Or mine it for ideas. One of my most popular posts, What Social Media Tactics Are Most Effective?, literally plucks the idea from Social Media Examiner’s annual industry research report. They listed the most common questions their readers ask. I decided to answer the top one. I did so simply by researching and rounding up the best content on the topic based on reading the posts that came up on the first page of search. 7. Courses Online courses are everywhere and aggregated, for your convenience, on services such as Udemy, Skillshare and LinkedIn Learning (formerly Lynda). Much like books, they are chapterized, so a quick review of the course outline (a table of contents) is bound to be full of ideas. 8. Conferences Here’s one of those online and off resources. Offline - or in the real world - you can attend conferences (and probably should for networking purposes). When you do, you’ll have the chance to experience several helpful keynotes, sessions and workshops. You’ll also be given a program. Keep that thing and refer to it when seeking a content marketing idea. Even if you can’t make it to a conference, the agendas of conferences past and future are published online. Conference organizers will carefully vet ideas for sessions submitted by potential speakers. They tend to select the ones they believe will draw the most interest. Now there’s a cool shortcut - someone else, probably a committee of experts, has done the research for you. Virtual summits have all kinds of models, but are essentially conferences as well, so if your industry offers them, the same strategy can be applied. 9. Podcasts You may be producing podcasts, listening to them, or ignoring the podcasting revolution. But understand: podcasting also presents a place and resource for mining content marketing ideas. Can’t find the time? You need not listen. I must admit, though I have a podcast, I seldom listen to them. What I’m suggesting is that you simply peruse the titles of the podcasts for ideas. 10. TV Are there television stations and networks broadcasting programs related to your industry? You can use your remote control to peruse the programs by doing a search. Or you can use the web. There’s no doubt in my mind that television programming pros are not producing shows on topics no one cares about. For me, talk shows and demonstration shows come to mind. For instance, folks like Dr. Oz and Rachel Ray are creating shows, or program segments, about topics the viewers appreciate. Thanks to the proliferation of stations, examples of highly specific programs about highly specific topics are nearly endless. 11. YouTube Internet TV applies here too. What’s Maria Forleo up to? What are vloggers like Jenna Marbles doing? Which shows are killing it for views in your field? Do a search on YouTube and gather all kinds of ideas. 12. Buzzsumo You may serve a highly specific niche, and benefit from content whether or not it reached a lot of eyeballs and earned a lot of mentions. However, learning what has indeed earned substantial social media shares and links will be helpful in your quest to discover effective content marketing ideas. Use Buzzsumo to search by topic, URL or author. You’ll get an instant report on posts and pages that performed best. I often search Buzzsumo to see the results leaders in my field get from their content. The big winners often spark ideas worthy of content development. 13. Quora The popular Q&A website Quora is a forum for just about everything. The questions there, and answers, will give you ideas. Be sure to check out the related questions. 14. Wikipedia Wikipedia is like the world’s HQ for finding tables of contents or related ideas. Seriously, search anything. Bam! You could find: Detailed posts Links galore A table of contents to inspire a crazy number of ideas A “See also” section with even more ideas Notes (footnotes), references, further reading, external links And more For most inquiries or topics, Wikipedia is so rich with content marketing ideas that you may not even need another source. 15. News aggregators I got this idea (and hundreds more) from Andy Crestodina on his blog at Orbit Media. (I’m a contributor there.) Andy explains news aggregators pull blog feeds and newsletters together and can therefore be a rich source of ideas. Andy recommends Feedly and Alltop and writes they are “…great for both research and organization.” He says, “Search for your topic and scan through the headlines with your next post in mind. Within minutes, you should spot a few themes and memes that you can repurpose on your blog.” 16. Blog comments You have a blog, right? It’s the main reason you’re reading this long list post about where to get content ideas. Does your blog welcome comments and questions from readers? The truth is bloggers feature comment sections less than they used to, which is probably because readers chime in less than they used to. Still, whether it be on your blog or elsewhere, blog comments are easy to find and capture cool things such as: Questions and challenges readers have Objections readers have Links to related resources And potentially, ideas for expanding your content regarding topics readers have shown interest in 17. Email For better or worse, I subscribe to a ton of email newsletters and updates from marketers, influencers, and relevant industry publishers. I suspect you do too. I must admit, my morning routine generally consists of zapping 95% of them - and from time to time I go on an opt-out rampage - however, I read the subject and from lines and click-through at least a few times everyday. And that inspires ideas. You absolutely need to monitor what’s being published in your niche and, when you’re shopping for ideas, email will help feed them to you. 18. Phone calls and conversations This may be the most under-appreciated or least mined source on the list. You’re having conversations with prospects, customers, and various types of associates daily, right? These conversations inevitably invoke questions. Your challenge is to pay close enough attention to record them for posterity. The questions people ask you and the issues they face - especially when they care enough to take the time to ask you in conversation - are likely the most important topics you need to tackle with your content. 19. Idea generators If you’re main game is marketing, you’re probably aware other marketers (with the required resources) create free idea generation tools. If you moonlight as a marketer, now you know. There are quite a few worth trying… Answer the Public is quite handy for generating a mindmap of related ideas and questions. Portent’s Content Idea Generator actually takes multiple stabs at crafting headlines for you. Wordstream created a post about idea generation tools that offers even more. 20. Keyword tools Keyword tools are everywhere, free and paid. Of course, if you’re a serious SEO researcher, you’ll want to consider the paid tools and identify the feature sets and fees that work best for you. Here, for the simple purpose of hunting for content marketing ideas, I’ll present three you’re likely to find helpful and easy to use. Google AdWords Keyword Planner - This free tool from Google was created to help marketers plan pay-per-click ad campaigns. However, whether you buy ads or not, the tool will generate lists of related keywords based on the terms you enter and broadly estimate search volume, making it a good starting point for content marketing ideas. Ubersuggest Keyword Tool.io Ubersuggest and KeywordTool are similar and focus on generating a long list of related search terms - largely of the long tail variety - in an alphabetical format. Search volume is not indicated with the free versions. There is, to a limited degree, a variety of ways to stratify searches (by search engines and search types). Ubersuggest includes a word cloud display option, but it’s probably more of a toy than a tool. 21. SlideShare SlideShare, a LinkedIn company, is a massive content hub, where presentations, documents, and infographics are uploaded. The service doesn’t appear to thrive to the degree it once did, however, LinkedIn claims to have 18 million uploads in 40 content categories. Chances are, a little searching and clicking around on SlideShare will help stir up some ideas. I’ve used it as a research tool for years and occasionally base content on what I find there, cite it as a source, or even embed the content when it’s helpful. 22. Pinterest Today, Pinterest is one of the top 60-70ish websites in the world (Alexa rank of 63). And although it’s known to skew toward a female audience, believe me, there's no subject you can search for on Pinterest that won’t return an amazing amount of content. Pinterest also sends you amazing emails based on your interests. Warning: Pinterest is highly addictive. 23. Google Alerts Google Alerts basically brings search results to you, for free, and at whatever interval you choose. Google Alerts will send you emails when it finds web pages, newspaper articles, blogs, or research that match the search terms you sign up for. I love it. I use it to monitor my name, website, books, the areas of interest I write about in digital marketing, and the categories/topics my clients do business in. If your monitoring (and swiping ideas) for something specific, you definitely want Google Alerts in your arsenal. 24. Social media channels I’ll say it again: social media is the greatest market research tool ever. The almighty hashtag, lists, groups, communities, lists, chats, discussions, analytics… Slice it how you will, but understand the conversation about whatever it is you’re looking to have a conversation about is taking place on the popular social media channels. And, in my mind, what makes it so great as a research tool for finding content marketing ideas, is it’s “au naturel.” What I mean by that is it’s not masked by editors. Consumers create the content. How can social media not provide important clues about what people care about? 25. Forums I have to admit, I’m not much of a forums guy - but I’m not trying to market to me. And though it may be “old school” Internet, there are forums about everything. And you know what takes place there? People search for the answers and advice they seek. Find a forum in your niche simply by including the word “forum” in a search and you’ll see what I mean. When you find the right one (or more), you may never need another source of content marketing ideas. 26. Groups I believe LinkedIn was the trailblazer of social media groups, but Facebook appears to the reigning king. Your call as to which groups sound more appealing or deliver more insights for your niche. The point is, like forums, there are groups about everything. Unlike forums, on social channels, they are often moderated by an organizer who decides how “open” the group is or isn’t. In any case, by becoming a member in a LinkedIn or Facebook group, you’ll be in the company of like-minded people who ask smart questions, deliver personal insights regarding them, and offer valuable resources. You’ll gather ideas, I promise. Of course, you can also start your own group, as I have done (with my co-author) to support my new book, The Road to Recognition. Conversations there are often about book promotion. 27. Sales people Perhaps it should be more obvious: the people who field questions from prospects are the most likely to know what questions need to be answered. Treat them as a resource. Ask your sales people to record and share the questions prospects ask. Ask them to mine their email and presentations to determine worthwhile topics. Ask them if they run into dead-ends when trying to source content for specific customer challenges. 28. Customer service people Here again, we’re looking at the people in your company with customer-facing roles. Those manning the chats, taking support calls, conducting training, solving technical problems, or providing any type of post-sale service should be intimately familiar with topics that need tending to. 29. Staff Sure, the sales and support people should be your first couple of stops, but if everyone in the company is pulling their weight, everyone in the company could contribute to the content ideation party. Hit up your people for ideas. What are they seeing streaming across social media? What do they hear? A content ideation pizza party or happy hour might be fruitful and fun. 30. Help section If your company’s site has a help or support section on its site, dig into it. Wander your way into your competitor’s help sections too. What topics could use more informed answers? What ideas could be expanded? You might find help requests where the only response was a written answer or customer comments. Would a video, diagram, screenshot or downloadable asset make for a better response? Maybe the reverse is the case: a video provides help, but a blog post or guide does not. 31. Onsite search Does your website and/or blog have a search mechanism? The data it captures is bound to tell you exactly what people are looking for - which is exactly what you need to create content about. 32. Interviews Interviews are everywhere in every media, and pertinent questions, insights and ideas pour forth from the mouths of both the interviewers and interviewees. You can read interviews, watch and listen to them, or conduct them and you’re bound to discover content marketing ideas. 33. Your friends and family It’s possible this final idea of mine has never occurred to you. Conduct conversations with your friends and family about what you do. They’re very likely to respond with questions you can use. They may bring you that “outsider” perspective you never could have, but should have discovered, otherwise. Sometimes it just makes for a great story. I remember once, I read something that expressed the idea that the best content marketers are the essentially great teachers. I decided to do a post about the qualities of a great teacher. So I asked my kids over dinner: Who are your best teachers? Why do you like them best? Their answers were pure, unadulterated, gold. I began taking furious notes and created a wonderful post soon after. Useful content marketing ideas are everywhere Want to turn searchers into visitors? Visitors into leads? Leads into customers? Tune into some new sources, heed what you hear, and turn out some inspired stuff that’ll be helpful. Author Information Barry Feldman Online marketing super freak @feldmancreative Sign up for the Social Media Today newsletter You'll get a daily email with the latest news, lessons, and insights on: Social Media Marketing Digital Strategy and more Yes, I'd like to receive Marketing Dive's daily newsletter as well. Preview   Related Items LinkedIn Provides New Data on the Topics Resonating Most Among LinkedIn Users The Five Pillars of Power Publishing [Infographic] Why Your Blog Isn't Enough [Infographic] Join The Conversation SIGN IN | REGISTER TO COMMENT Learn More Get Our Newsletter Download White Papers View Latest Infographics Read Marketing News Webinars On Demand How To Build an Engagement-Driven Demand Gen Strategy in 2017 May 09, 2017 With all of the technologies available to marketers today, have we lost that personal touch? Join VP of Content Marketing for ON24, Mark Bornste... Agile Marketing 101 April 05, 2017 In the ever-changing world of digital marketing, operational efficiency, quick turn-around times, testing and adapting to change are crucial to... Whitepapers How to Create Video at the Speed of Social: 6 Ways to Get Video Produced Faster Video is expected to account for three-quarters of all mobile traffic by 2020.  But, creating powerful, effective video requires a significa... Leveraging Psychology in Digital Marketing Marketers are constantly seeking to engage with their buyers and drive actions that help buyers move rapidly through their customer lifecycl... Contact Us If you have an editorial inquiry, please contact us at socialmediatoday@socialmediatoday.com If you have a technical question, please contact us at support_team@socialmediatoday.com For all other inquiries, please see our CONTACT PAGE About Us Contribute Advertise/Sponsor Privacy Policy Terms of Use DMCA Takedown Policy Connect With SMT Twitter Linkedin Facebook Newsletter Google + Pinterest YouTube RSS Feed ©2016 socialmediatoday.com All rights reserved
Digital Trends Home > Computing > Google Chrome to start blocking annoying ads next… Google Chrome to start blocking annoying ads next year Google will start blocking pop-up ads in Chrome in 2018 By Mark Coppock — Updated June 8, 2017 1:04 pm Subscribe Share Why have 1 room when you can have 2? Our favorite transforming homes Think inside the box with these tricked-out shipping container homes Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you Google will be blocking more ads by default in Chrome starting in 2018, hopefully providing a less frustrating browsing experience. If you’re tired of auto-playing video ads that randomly blare obnoxious ad slogans and make it obvious you’re not working when you should be, then Google is taking some serious steps to make things a little less frustrating. Its first and most important step is changing how its Chrome browser manages ads, building on some recent changes and taking things to another level starting in 2018, and it’s not stopping there. While some people don’t want to see any ads at all, many users just want advertising to be manageable, and to no longer detract so badly from the browsing experience. That’s where Google’s efforts to make advertising less intrusive come in. Chrome already blocks ads that try to pop-up in new tabs, and in 2018 Chrome will start blocking ads on sites that don’t comply with a new set of standards aimed at making ads less intrusive. Some of the things that Google will be working to block — or to get rid of in general — are ads that interrupt the reading process and disrupt the flow of information, ads that distract by flashing animations and play disruptive noises, and ads that clutter up a page and make it impossible to read. Google has given a hint of what Chrome is likely to start blocking in its best practices guide, which it created to help guide web developers and publishers in how to make ads that don’t drive users away. Google is an advertising company itself, of course. The majority of its revenue comes from internet ads, and so it has a vested interest in making sure that users can enjoy the web experience without resorting to ad blocker software that could destroy the online advertising industry. In other words, Google doesn’t want people to block all ads just to get rid of that single annoying one that blasts music unexpectedly and can’t be turned off. In order to help make online ads more effective by being less obtrusive and obnoxious, Google joined the Coalition for Better Ads. This industry group aims to improve online ads and has created a set of Better Ads Standards intended to guide the industry toward improving ads by providing clear, public, and data-driven guidelines. As part of its efforts, Google is creating the Ad Experience Report, which will help publishers get a handle on the Better Ads Standards and learn how to apply them to their own sites. Publishers can check out Google’s new best practices guide to get an idea of the right kinds of ads to use. In addition, Google has a new service, called Funding Choices, that publishers can use to display a customized message to site visitors who are running ad blocker software. The message invites users to enable ads on that particular site — presuming that the standards are being followed — and offer up a paid pass that can remove those sites. The new Google Contributor is the mechanism that sites can use to charge this fee. Fixing the ad situation is important for users, publishers, and advertisers alike. The more that Google can do to keep users happy while still serving up ads, the better it is for its business — meaning that this is one Google initiative that we’re sure it won’t abandon anytime soon.
Good News Nation World Debunked Entertainment Sports Tech Science Connect with us Morning News USA Good News Nation World Debunked Entertainment Sports Tech Science An Easy How-To Guide on Using Google Analytics to Track Email Campaigns Share Tweet Julian Assange To Give CIA Cyber-Warfare Wikileaks Information To Tech Firms First This University Found A Way To Fight Fake News Meet Obi, The Bird Who Believes In Safety First Google AI To Become Smarter Than Human Doctors Google Carlos Luna/ Flickr cc Technology An Easy How-To Guide on Using Google Analytics to Track Email Campaigns By Staff Morning News USA Published on June 3, 2017 Share Tweet Comment What happened when a visitor reached your website through the link on your marketing email? Did he browse through your product pages? Did he add anything to the shopping cart? Or did he leave your site within moments? Well, you need answers to all these crucial questions when you have to gauge the ultimate performance or conversion rate of your email marketing campaign. This is where you would need Google Analytics for your email marketing campaign. Precisely, this Google tool helps to track the email marketing campaigns “beyond click” – i.e. when a visitor reaches to your site by clicking on your website URL offered on the email message. Many email marketers have no idea about this amazing functionality of Google Analytics! Most professional email softwares already comes with a ready-to-go option for campaign tracking to work just fine with Google Analytics. If your software doesn’t, you can use add-on email analytics tools that support “campaign track parameters”. It will provide you with additional insights. Google analytics for email marketing software can isolate visitors to get you a hang of their likes and behaviors. No wonder, it would be a massive help to understand the significance of your email messages to your target email list. Let’s check how Google Analytics works for email campaigns. Tracking beyond click As mentioned earlier, “beyond click tracking” refers to the tracking activity which tracks what the visitor does once he reaches to your webpage through your email. You also know by now that a web analytics tracker would be the most handy at this stage. Or else, your very email system can also perform tracking here if you’ve embedded email system’s tracking code on the web pages. Google Analytics will enable you to get a detailed picture of all the interactions made by the visitor with your website and also the likelihood of sales with these visitors. To put it simply, the tracking tool will help you with a better understanding of the quality of your leads. It’s to stress here that you must be careful about the tracking part while selecting email services. Your chosen provider must be flexible to support beyond-click tracking & monitoring of conversion points. It would also allow automatic tagging of email marketing campaigns with analytics tracking. Reporting email traffic with Google Analytics To get reports on email traffic, you must set “custom Advanced segment” on Google Analytics. It will enable you to isolate the visitors from various emails to help you understand their interactions & conversion potential. Open up the Google Analytics window, go to top left and choose Advanced segment with down arrow. Now, click on “Create New Segment” & select “Email” for “Medium”. Email marketing campaign tagging/coding with Analytics For “beyond click” tracking, you have to tag your email links (directing to landing page) with campaign track parameters. You have five “name-value” pairs which form URL’s query string. Here is an example of the email campaign parameters: utm_medium – it refers to marketing medium which is “email” in your case utm_campaign – it refers to name of your campaign, such as “BlackFridaySpecials” utm_term – it refers to the keywords for your ads for Adwords campaign and with email marketing, you can use it for individual links, such as “promdress” utm_source – it will imply email type or email list source, such as “holiday deal email” utm_content – it will help to differentiate links or ads which direct to same URL. Examples would be user email, user-id etc. Don’t forget Google’s privacy terms Google follows strict rules regarding the use of email address for utm_content  field. There are also stringent rules on using clickstream data. So, it’s better you study Google’s privacy terms on working with Google Analytics before you use it for your campaign. Continue Reading You may also like... Julian Assange To Give CIA Cyber-Warfare Wikileaks Information To Tech Firms First This University Found A Way To Fight Fake News Meet Obi, The Bird Who Believes In Safety First Google AI To Become Smarter Than Human Doctors Related Topics:Google, Google Analytics About Staff Morning News USA More in Technology Technology Mother’s Day Deals For The Tech Savvy Mom By Jennifer OngMay 8, 2017 Mother’s Day is almost here and there are a lot of really awesome gifts that you... Health iPhone Can Help Study Asthma, Parkinson’s, Autism And More – Report By Jennifer OngMarch 16, 2017 The iPhone is changing and it is possibly saving lives in a way you never thought... Technology These Smart Sunglasses May Be Better Than Your Smartphone By Jennifer OngMarch 15, 2017 When your sunglasses can get the job done, who needs a smartphone? This is probably the... Good News Good News Service Dog Gets A Spot In High School Yearbook With His Human By Jennifer OngMay 25, 2017 Good News Foster Child Beats The Odds, Graduates From College By Jennifer OngMay 23, 2017 MNU EXCLUSIVES Editor’s Pick Maritime Bhangra Group: Canada-Based Indian Dance Group Raised Money For ALS & Breast Cancer Victims By Pritha PaulDecember 29, 2016 People Yevette Vasquez Is One Of The Most Inspiring Mothers Of 2016 By Debleena SarkarDecember 23, 2016 Sports Nike LeBron 13 Review: Find Out If It’s Worth The Cop At Discount Price By Arvin MatthewDecember 15, 2016 We've Got Good News Home About Us Contact Us Meet the team Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All rights reserved. To Top
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > Google pushes update that lays the groundwork for… Google pushes update that lays the groundwork for Google Home calling By Christian de Looper — June 8, 2017 1:50 pm Subscribe Share Julian Chokkattu/Digital Trends The best part of this minimalist Pacific Northwest cabin is outside the window These are the 10 greatest Porsches ever made Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you Google Home is about to get a pretty significant update, including one that could allow you to manually reroute your Assistant requests. Google wants to make it easier for you to control your smart home. To that end, the company has pushed an update to the Google Home app that brings some pretty major and helpful changes, including the ability to manually reroute voice commands to the user’s smartphone. The app update was first spotted by Android Police, which notes that it also lays the groundwork for Google Home calling — a feature coming to the smart speaker at some point in the near future. Using Google Home, you can simply ask the Google Assistant to make a call, and it will call from a masked number by default, or from your phone number if you link that number. The update clears some of the air as to how this works — while some theorized that the feature will still occur through the user’s phone but would use Wi-Fi and Bluetooth to handle the audio, in reality it looks like the phone number is linked directly to Google Home, and calls are handled through Google Voice. The update also shows that, at least for now, only outgoing calls can be handled through Google Home — and you’ll have to answer incoming calls on your actual phone. It’s possible support for incoming calls will be added in the near future. As mentioned, the app also offers manual control over which Google Assistant answers any given question. You might have multiple versions of Assistant at your disposal — one on your phone, another on your Google Home speaker, and another on your Android TV. According to Android Police, it’s not yet known exactly how you’ll be able to manually select an Assistant, but a string of code in the update does refer to it being possible — so presumably we’re waiting for Google to enable the feature.
Google sells maker of 'nightmare-inducing' robots to Japan's Sof - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Belmont/Stanley Cup - watch live Text Alerts Day With Dad Contest LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Belmont/Stanley Cup - watch live Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Belmont/Stanley Cup - watch live Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Day With Dad Contest Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Google sells maker of 'nightmare-inducing' robots to Japan's SoftBank Posted: Friday, June 9, 2017 2:23 AM EDT Updated: Friday, June 9, 2017 9:56 AM EDT Atlas, the humanoid robot created by Alphabet company Boston Dynamics, can open doors, balance while walking through the snow, place objects on a shelf and pick itself up after being knocked down. Atlas, the humanoid robot created by Alphabet company Boston Dynamics, can open doors, balance while walking through the snow, place objects on a shelf and pick itself up after being knocked down. Boston Dynamics, the Google-owned robotics company officially unveiled its latest robot, Handle, in a YouTube video posted Wednesday that immediately captivated the Internet. Handle, which stands 6-foot-6, looks vaguely human with a torso, arms and... By Alec Macfarlane HONG KONG (CNNMoney) -- Google is ditching one of its highest-profile robotics businesses, selling it off to a Japanese tech giant. Japan's SoftBank announced Friday that it's buying robot maker Boston Dynamics from Google's parent Alphabet, saying the deal will help it in its aim to be at the forefront of "the next wave of smart robotics." Boston Dynamics has repeatedly made headlines with its eye-catching robots, which can run, jump and climb stairs. Its CEO has described one of them as "nightmare inducing." SoftBank's billionaire CEO Masayoshi Son has made no secret of his enthusiasm for robots: he's widely quoted as saying they will outnumber humans in 30 years. SoftBank is one of the companies behind Pepper, which has been billed as the world's first robot capable of reading human emotions. Under the deal announced Friday, SoftBank will also buy five-year old Japanese robotics firm Schaft from Alphabet. It didn't say how much it was paying for either business. The sale of Boston Dynamics marks a swift exit by Alphabet, which snapped up the company less than four years ago as part of a broader push into the field of robotics. That approach -- which saw Google invest in another seven robotics firms including Schaft in 2013 alone -- was led by Andy Rubin, the co-founder and former leader of the search giant's Android mobile unit. Rubin left Google in 2014 to launch an incubator for technology startups. Alphabet decided to sell Boston Dynamics after concluding that it wasn't likely to produce a marketable product in the next few years, Bloomberg reported. A spokesman for Google didn't immediately respond to a request for comment on the reasons behind the sale. Boston Dynamics started in 1992 as a spinoff from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where it claims to have developed the first robots that ran and maneuvered like animals. It now boasts a suite of advanced machines, including one that can run as fast as 32 kilometers an hour (20 mph). Another is designed to accompany Marines on duty while carrying loads of up to 500 kilos (about 1,100 pounds). SoftBank last year set out its vision of branching into smart robotics, artificial intelligence and the so-called Internet of Things alongside its core telecoms business. The announcement followed its $32 billion acquisition of U.K.-based chip designer ARM, which itself was seen as the Japanese firm's wager on growth in demand for internet connectivity in everyday devices. Last month, SoftBank and Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund launched the so-called Vision Fund, a $100 billion vehicle that will invest in areas including robotics and AI. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Google sells maker of ‘nightmare-inducing’ robots to Japan’s SoftBank Google sells maker of ‘nightmare-inducing’ robots to Japan’s SoftBank Posted on Friday, June 9, 2017 by CNN in Business News Google is ditching one of its highest-profile robotics businesses, selling it off to a Japanese tech giant. Japan’s SoftBank announced Friday that it’s buying robot maker Boston Dynamics from Google’s parent Alphabet, saying the deal will help it in its aim to be at the forefront of “the next wave of smart robotics.” Boston Dynamics has repeatedly made headlines with its eye-catching robots, which can run, jump and climb stairs. Its CEO has described one of them as “nightmare inducing.” SoftBank’s billionaire CEO Masayoshi Son has made no secret of his enthusiasm for robots: he’s widely quoted as saying they will outnumber humans in 30 years. SoftBank is one of the companies behind Pepper, which has been billed as the world’s first robot capable of reading human emotions. Under the deal announced Friday, SoftBank will also buy five-year old Japanese robotics firm Schaft from Alphabet. It didn’t say how much it was paying for either business. The sale of Boston Dynamics marks a swift exit by Alphabet, which snapped up the company less than four years ago as part of a broader push into the field of robotics. That approach — which saw Google invest in another seven robotics firms including Schaft in 2013 alone — was led by Andy Rubin, the co-founder and former leader of the search giant’s Android mobile unit. Rubin left Google in 2014 to launch an incubator for tech startups. Alphabet decided to sell Boston Dynamics after concluding that it wasn’t likely to produce a marketable product in the next few years, Bloomberg reported. An Alphabet spokesman declined to comment on the reasons behind the sale. “Robotics as a field has great potential, and we’re happy to see Boston Dynamics and Schaft join the SoftBank team to continue contributing to the next generation of robotics,” he said. Boston Dynamics started in 1992 as a spinoff from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where it claims to have developed the first robots that ran and maneuvered like animals. It now boasts a suite of advanced machines, including one that can run as fast as 32 kilometers an hour (20 mph). Another is designed to accompany Marines on duty while carrying loads of up to 500 kilos (about 1,100 pounds). SoftBank last year set out its vision of branching into smart robotics, artificial intelligence and the so-called Internet of Things alongside its core telecoms business. The announcement followed its $32 billion acquisition of U.K.-based chip designer ARM, which itself was seen as the Japanese firm’s wager on growth in demand for internet connectivity in everyday devices. Last month, SoftBank and Saudi Arabia’s sovereign wealth fund launched the so-called Vision Fund, a $100 billion vehicle that will invest in areas including robotics and AI. Pound tumbles on U.K. election turmoil Pound slides after U.K. election turmoil Related Posts Brian Williams returns to TV without fanfare as he anchors pope coverage Donald Trump’s lawyer: NBC in ‘breach’ on Miss Universe contract Lyft shows just how serious it is about self-driving cars Fancy a luxury London apartment? Wait until next year Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
CLOSE Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Saturday, June 10, 2017 Insider K Street Lifestyle Opinion Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Home Technology Are Minorities Being Left Behind in the Google+ Migration? Policy Technology Are Minorities Being Left Behind in the Google+ Migration? By Jeneba Ghatt - 2:30pm July 18, 2011 22207 99 SHARE Facebook Twitter For all the talk about US Blacks and Hispanics being the most active users of Twitter and having a substantial membership on Facebook, it seems they may not be quickly migrating to and taking advantage of Google’s latest attempt at breaking into the social media sphere, the Google + project. It is still quite early in the Google+ roll out, but according to a recent analysis, membership on that site has grown 350% since it launched to members of the tech community on an invite-only basis on June 28.   Today, there are reports that over 10 million people have already joined Google +.   But scan the profile images of some of the 940,000 users  listed on the website Find People on Plus and you may notice the dearth of brown and black faces among users.  And even among those who managed to get an early invite, they are like many of the later adopters who do not necessarily “get” the new platform yet and have simply set up a basic profile and have not used it since.  Much of the buzz of the site had to do with the fact that so few people were allowed on in its earliest Beta testing stages. The curious all wanted a golden ticket. The site is used most actively now by the crowd of adventurous tech aficionados who are anxious to see Google finally get the social media thing right.  Google’s previous experiments with Buzz, Orkut, and Wave all failed to take off.   Google+ is slowly creating a new category of user addicts because it is cleaner, so far Ad-Free, and is touted as not being riddled with the same privacy concerns as Facebook, neither is it saddled with applications that litter users streams with gaming updates, for example.    Many Google+ users spend their time sharing ideas and tips on how to navigate the site.  They also lament how much better it is than Facebook in that it allows them more control over with whom they share information and interact, and how much easier it is to filter out those who they want to limit access to certain updates or photos. Who is on Google+ now? It still may be too soon to be taking a critical look at users of a 3-week old site, but since it launched, several articles have examined every aspect of the site including the fact that at one point, only 10% of its users were female.  Because more and more studies reveal that Hispanics and Blacks have higher than average mobile phone ownership and are accessing broadband through their mobile devices, it is not too presumptuous to think those groups would have been early adopters of Google+.  The “digital elite” , the interconnected web of popular bloggers, technical experts and early adopters to the newest technologies,  made up the earliest invitees.  This elite group is quite monolithic and for the most part includes middle to upper middle class professional whites and Asians.   In America anyway, most socialize in racially segregated circles so when Google allowed those on the site to invite their friends, it should come as no surprise then why the second wave of users mirrored the racial make up of the first wave.  Members of the black Technoratti who work with and associate with the general population of tech experts have a  healthy representation on Google+ now as well.  Perhaps, as they began to invite their circle of friends, they helped diversify the site. But beyond these audacious early users,  many are still skeptical about adopting yet another social media platform, and especially one that is not necessarily intuitive.   Google + requires people to categorize their network of family, friends, and colleagues into neat circles and enables users to participate in simultaneous video chat and explore articles categorized by interest. Google+ is not that intuitive as the tech savvy application development community may think.  It certainly is  not as turnkey as Facebook.  With Facebook, anyone can  pretty easily figure out the lay of the land within moments of signing up.  Not so much with Google +.   In response to some user confusion, there have been over two dozen articles published by leading tech publications and sites explaining how to navigate the site.  A killer competitor to Facebook  shouldn’t be so difficult to circumnavigate. And even then, many have already invested lots of  time cultivating a home on Facebook, building photo albums and “friending” long lost classmates and relatives.  It will take a lot to get many reluctant and less active  folks to adopt Google +.  So the question remains whether it will survive the initial rounds of early users, folks who are eager for its success and will more quickly appreciate its benefits. But then again, not all people “got” Twitter initially either.  Minorities slowly gravitated to it as well and have since taken over,  some reports say.   An Edison Research annual report on Twitter  showed that Blacks represented 25% of Twitter users, roughly twice their share of the population in general.  A Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project report showed slightly lower usage statistics, but still impressive, indicating usage among blacks and Hispanics proportionate to their population at 13% and 18%, respectively. Google+  shares user demographics based on region of the country, profession, and gender but not race.   When Google opens the site to all users, we may likely see more minorities migrate over but not as quickly as one would think or some would want. Social media expert Lindsay Holmes, owner of LCH Business, a branding & marketing company, says while Google+ may be a competitor to Facebook, she doesn’t think Google+ will be Twitter killer. “People who get Twitter and use it for marketing won’t abandon it that fast because they know its utility and Google+ can’t compete,” Holmes said. ” If there is anything that will slow minorities down from adopting any new technology that would be  intimidation and once they get over that initial hurdle, they will get on.” Holmes said when people are able to realize the usability of Google+, they will join more when it becomes available to more.  “We are people that need usability and understand usability,” she added. It is quite possible then that Hispanics and Blacks, as a group, may be among the last to join the site if it indeed lasts through the long haul and becomes a viable competitor to Facebook.  They may be less likely than other groups to join the bandwagon and try a new platform.  They may remain loyal users of Twitter and Facebook as Asian and Whites, and tech savvy higher income minorities join Google+. Google+, the place to go to escape the  “ghettoization” of other social media platforms In essence, if  Google+ indeed is able to court away some of Facebook’s 750 Million users and black and brown users adopt later, we may be looking at a repeat of what happened with MySpace.  According Researcher Danah Boyd, scores of more affluent and white users abandoned MySpace for Facebook partly because there was an impression that it had become too “ghetto” and used by blacks and Hispanics.     She discussed this issue back in 2007 in a controversial chapter of a forthcoming book addressing “digital” white flight, the Digital Race Anthology. In White Flight in Networked Publics?  How Race and Class Shaped American Teen Engagement with MySpace and  Facebook, the Microsoft Research and Harvard Berkman Center for Internet and Society scholar conducted ethnographic research and used anecdotal conversations with over 100 youth to conclude there was a “white flight” from MySpace because it had become too brown. Currently, Blacks and Hispanics still have a predominant presence on MySpace and are represented on that site at a disproportionate rate at 26% and 45%, respectively, when they are 12% and 16% in the population as a whole.  Some have speculated, though not gone on record saying, that Rupert Murdoch sold off MySpace, which was once valued at $12 billion for a mere $35 million because he saw no value in a tool being used primarily by minorities and poor whites.  Some critics of Murdoch say MySpace went down hill after Murdoch’s Newscorp acquired the once popular site, first used by nascent bands and performing groups to promote their albums and songs.  He failed to sufficiently invest in it to make it competitive to new sites – Facebook launched one year after MySpace- and then quickly abandoned it when its cream users stopped using it.  A more plausible explanation may be that NewsCorp simply wanted to free up some cash to acquire a majority stake in UK’s Sky Broadcasting, that MySpace was too prone to viruses, hackers and spam than Facebook or because Facebook was simply more attractive options for users.  But those who stayed, did so by choice.  As one blogger on the Project Economic Refugee pointed out, what Latinos loved about MySpace was the freedom to be creative, everything Facebook isn’t and why they did not join it when everyone else was. Facebook  is used widely by all races these days as is Twitter. But as mentioned,  recent reports indicate higher than average Twitter use among Blacks and Hispanics and data indicate this may because they are more likely using their mobile devices to access social media than whites. According to a new report by the Pew Research Center’s Internet & American LIfe Project, 44% of African Americans and Hispanics say they own a smartphone, compared to just 30% of non-Hispanic whites. Using this type of data as a guide, several bloggers and tech watchers have pondered whether Black and Hispanics use of mobile devices will enable them to leapfrog over other groups and help them bridge the digital divide. While idealistic and hopeful, that outcome would hardly be realized so long as Blacks and Hispanics are slow to navigate to new services. Are minorities positioned to be left behind? Since Google+ was rolled out, a benefit of being an early adopter is being able to access and be visible to some of the top players in the digital, programming and application world.  Those who are followed by millions on Twitter, are only being “followed” by hundreds or thousands on Google+.  When followers pose a query as a follow up to a post by a more popular user, they are more likely to get a direct answer.  There is interaction. Right now is the peak and prime time to get on, start exploring, learn from and exchange with leaders in your field you may not ordinarily have easy access to on other platforms.  Once the site is opened to millions that accessibility will dissipate most likely. Many of the current inhabitants are dreading the inevitable.  When news broke this week that Google plans to soon open up the social media tool to everyone, some Google+ users let out a collective sigh. “There goes the neighborhood,” one person commented on the stream of noted Tech writer Mike Elgan. Another added, “As soon as Google+ is open, the quality will drop.” These retorts show that Google+ perhaps , for a few, is a place to escape the not so pleasant aspects of Twitter, including users who in the past have been said to be degrading the medium by using it to create and discuss crass, misogynistic, racist and even violent trending topics.  While some users may want to be exclusionary, Google can’t afford to shun anyone if it truly plans to put a dent into Facebook’s 750 Million user database. It will have to be inclusive of broad demographics, encourage them to navigate over and make it useful and easy for them to stay and set up shop in a similar fashion as the earliest adopters. When the site is eventually opened who is to say even whether minority groups and younger users will wander over and join immediately?  It may not matter. Google+ may bolt out the starting gate, gain momentum and slowly die out just like other social media sites that have tried to rival and best Facebook.   Only time will tell. TAGS Buzz Facebook Google Google Plus MySpace Orkut Pew PlusOne Twitter Wave SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleAmbassador Rice Welcomes South Sudan to U.N., Pledges American Support Next articleWill High Black Unemployment Rates Affect Obama in 2012? Jeneba Ghatt http://jenebaspeaks.com Jeneba Jalloh Ghatt represents small, women, and minority owned business and technology companies at The Ghatt Law Group LLC, the nations’ first communications law firm owned by women and minorities. She's won landmark cases on behalf of her clients which include national civil rights and public interest organizations. In addition to actively authoring several blogs, being a radio show host and sitting on the boards of three non-profits, she is a tech junkie who has been developing online web content since the very early years of the Internet, 1991 to be precise! Follow her on Twitter at @Jenebaspeaks, on her blog, Jenebaspeaks, which covers the intersection of politics and technology or on her Politics of Raising Children blog at The Washington Times Communities section. The ideas and opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the author, and have complete editorial independence from any Politic365 partners, sponsors, or advertisers. For additional information about Politic365, please visit http://politic365.com/about/. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Headline Yvette Clarke Taking Important Steps to Protect Cybersecurity, Privacy Technology While Privacy Rights Uncertain, Pai Seeks Unified Approach Technology 5G Rolling Out in “Test Markets” By Mid-2017 99 COMMENTS fuck 1:09pm June 5, 2016 at 1:09 pm whoah this weblog is wonderful i love studying your articles. Stay up the good work! You understand, lots of persons are looking around for this information, you could help them greatly. Reply ringing in ears treatment mayo clinic 7:12am August 29, 2016 at 7:12 am The authors note that tinnitus is a phantom perception”, awareness of sound in the absence of an external source, noting the sound can be pulled from memory”. Reply Corey 12:36pm September 3, 2016 at 12:36 pm If you are recreating an nineteenth century freight route you may be OK but should you resolve that as an alternative you’d like to run a modern Amtrak passenger practice it’s possible you’ll be plagued with derailments with such a small turning radius. Reply yeast infection boots uk 1:39pm September 20, 2016 at 1:39 pm It’s noticed that the yeast population is kept underneath control as long as the physique’s metabolism is functioning properly. Reply http://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com 5:05am September 25, 2016 at 5:05 am Nevertheless, I think that Life basically dictated his book and had some writer (who was not really math proficient) do the actual writing. Reply life like Trains parts 6:28am October 7, 2016 at 6:28 am Well then, hopefully the earlier article has given you some options on how you can begin anew to having fun with your hobbies. Reply Christal 9:38am October 11, 2016 at 9:38 am Hi! I understand thius is kind of off-topic but I had to ask. Doess opeating a well-established blog such as yours takme a lot of work? I am brand new tto writing a blog but I do write in my journal on a daily basis. I’d liuke to start a blog so I can easily share my experience and feelings online. Please leet me know iff you have any kind of suggestions oor tps for brand new aspiring bloggers. Appreciate it! Reply Iesha 11:23am October 16, 2016 at 11:23 am Isso vai poder assentir as coisas difíceis a fim de que você no primícias, a menos que você goste de pessoas tanto quanto este. Reply jocuri mario miniclip 6:14pm October 24, 2016 at 6:14 pm I thin thi iss onee off the most sigificant information foor me. And i’m glqd reawding yojr article. Butt wannja rewmark onn slme geheral things, Thhe webb site sthle iis wonderful, thhe rticles iss really nice : D. Goodd job, cheers Reply ads builders comberton 3:52am October 25, 2016 at 3:52 am And now, small business owners can create their own overlay advertisements using the tool that can be proven on YouTube. Reply jocuri mario 64 online 8:48am November 2, 2016 at 8:48 am Jusst dsire too sayy yokur article is ass astounding. Thhe clparity iin yur submit iis juhst nnice and i couhld sulpose you’re ann expert in this subject. Finee along with youjr permission allow mee tto snatchh youir feed too keep uup too date with comin near nedar post. Thwnk yyou one milion and pleasse eep upp tthe enjoyable work. Reply Madana Karimi 1:45pm November 3, 2016 at 1:45 pm As you already have the tag of a famous brand, you do not need much advertising. It means, you can make call to Pakistan by using your PC, laptop or smartphone. As far as Pakistani diaspora concerns, around 7 million Pakistanis have been migrated to different countries, according to a report. Reply 3370 7:52pm November 13, 2016 at 7:52 pm The first launch of a movie is usually of a decrease high quality because of a scarcity of sources, however is finally changed with higher-high quality releases as higher sources grow to be accessible. Reply best injury attorney 5:44pm November 17, 2016 at 5:44 pm What i don’t realize is in fact how you are not really much more smartly-appreciated than you might be now. You’re so intelligent. You realize thus considerably relating to this topic, made me for my part consider it from numerous varied angles. Its like men and women are not interested until it is something to do with Lady gaga! Your personal stuffs nice. All the time handle it up! Reply best gamsat preparation books 7:23am November 22, 2016 at 7:23 am ACER (Australian Council for Educational Research) organizes this examination in Australia, UK and Ireland. Reply travel insurance policy 9:07am December 6, 2016 at 9:07 am Traveling throws up lots of weird, funny and sometimes serious conditions that relating again to individuals will make you – at least – feel fascinating. Reply Gold Gizzard Juice 12:56pm December 9, 2016 at 12:56 pm Great post however , I was wanting to know if you could write a litte more on this subject? I’d be very thankful if you could elaborate a little bit more. Appreciate it! Reply milky way cases 7:16am December 10, 2016 at 7:16 am milky way cases Reply youtube.Com 11:36am December 14, 2016 at 11:36 am The battery compartment of some remote controls requires the use of a small Philips head screwdriver. Reply http://gumbubbler.com/author/annrubeo84 11:57am January 16, 2017 at 11:57 am This is very required so that everybody can excel in exactly what they want to do without fatigue overcoming them. Liver enzyme elevations were reversible and solved following treatment, the business stated. Another typical indication of herpes are cold sores or fever blisters on the mouth (oral herpes). Compared with HIV, liver disease C infection is more likely to still be unrecognized at the time of a person’s death. I think it’s time we handled these Nerve cell Infections once and for all, as I presume a lot of illness could be controlled or gotten rid of. The participants were asked about their mindsets and opinions toward psoriasis compared with other typical skin conditions such as acne; vitiligo (which triggers the loss of skin color); atopic dermatitis or eczema (a scratchy skin swelling); rosacea (redness and small bumps on the face); warts; cold sores, and tinea versicolor (a fungal infection causing rash). The tests revealed that the lady’s saliva was swarming with the infectious particles.), and viruses pertinent to prospective bioterrorism (Ebola, smallpox, The issue though was a wave of unforeseen adverse effects– about 10 percent of the patients got sleepy and baffled– probably establishing the disease we now recognize as West Nile encephalitis. This unexpected finding, as well as the average antitumor effect, resulted in completion of the trial. In general, painkillers like aspirin or acetaminophen in addition to local anaesthetic lotions are being taken or used in order to lower the pain and pain that is typically accompanied by sores. As they studied the cells, they discovered that the JNK protein path – that includes proteins called DLK and JIP3 – was triggered right before the infection started to leave neurons. National Health and Nutrition Assessment Study. Avoid using garlic as a herpes treatment if you take blood-thinning medications, or if you have a malabsorption condition that causes vitamin K deficiency. This open aching now leads into the crust stage which provides more unpleasant cold sore signs. It is still really unpleasant to the touch. ) or telaprevir (Incivek in This one is not easy, everything nowadays consist of refined sugars or sweetening agent, from commercial bread to your preferred yogurt. Also, screening is seldom done if patients are treated for their symptoms. An approximated 2,291,000 non-institutionalized U.S. civilians ages 14-39 are infected with C. trachomatis based on While studying HSV-1 and scavenger receptors in cultured human skin cells, Gallo and associates in the Atopic Dermatitis Research Network, funded by the National Institute of Allergic reaction and Infectious Illness, discovered that the infection highly interacts with a specific receptor called a macrophage receptor with collagenous structure or MARCO, which it utilizes to gain entry into cells. Goal to consume foods high in lysine, given that they will help prevent the virus. Foods high in lysine include beef, yogurt, cheese and chicken. Alcohol and caffeine need to be restricted or prevented. Ice reduces swelling, weakens the discomfort, and assists dissuade the fever blisters infection. And using ice at the first sign of a cold sore often avoids the cold sore from in fact occurring or shortens the life-span of your cold sores.), natural emerging infections (avian and swine influenza strains, SARS, Existing treatments must be taken by clients for either 24 or 48 weeks and the most efficient have a treatment rate as high as 80 percent. Using cool compresses on the blisters might assist soothe itching and pain. Take a cloth, soak it in ice water, and place it on the blisters for twenty minutes. Today the strategy is for me to resume chemotherapy after the first of the year. Reply Irvin 7:49am January 25, 2017 at 7:49 am Thank you for the good writeup. It actually was a leisure account it. Glance complicated to far added agreeable from you! However, how can we be in contact? Reply all star game 2016 voting 3:53am February 1, 2017 at 3:53 am The 19- year-old Matthews is the only representative in Toronto, becoming the Maple Leafs’ newest All Star since it was made by Clark 31 years back. Reply www.dogtree.xyz 8:11am February 9, 2017 at 8:11 am Hah! I just sent in my application to the AA department in Good luck for wherever you Reply saw gerrera clone wars 6:29pm February 17, 2017 at 6:29 pm Medline Plus notices that many guys may take saw palmetto without issues, negative effects may include sickness, dizziness, headaches, diarrhea. Reply wordpress download link 5:58pm February 24, 2017 at 5:58 pm Yes, SEO Hacker is foremost a blog which supplies WEBSITE POSITIONING practitioners and SEARCH ENGINE MARKETING practitioners-to-be with wealthy content that ranges from ideas, tools, fundamentals, tips, theories, search engine updates, trends, and many others… However we are additionally making our skills and companies out there to corporations each domestically and internationally. Reply music newsletter content 2:11pm March 8, 2017 at 2:11 pm Haitian Information all the time contains World News and that’s also included on this site. Reply tondeuse cheveux professionnelle avis 1:21am March 15, 2017 at 1:21 am Vous aurez alors tout le loisir de vous concentrer sur la coupe de cheveux ou la taille de la barbe. Reply site-907913-5630-7731.strikingly.com 3:15pm March 21, 2017 at 3:15 pm In phase III trials, they expand their research study to consist of more patients in more locations. Reply how to get girls 1:43am March 26, 2017 at 1:43 am Quickly, she will feel that you still want her and return to her Flowers.Giving your sweetheart some flowers might likewise assist her forgive you and return to you. Reply theselfemployed.com 3:29pm April 2, 2017 at 3:29 pm Happy write-up with regards to %BT%? It may sound great will probably be some of it and to come up with it! I would like to gather more information info on they for my webpage! Reply extra large stair gate 6:03pm April 9, 2017 at 6:03 pm 3. Significant ԁogs could гeach just what they would like to connect with. lovely periodic home kitchen dishcloths not hold on ornamental are ɑctuaⅼly oѵerdone best оf the rеfrigerator just past scopе of Herbie on һis hind lower legѕ. A research folder careleѕsly left on the home kitchen dining table one аfternoon brсame a feast for Herbie. Reply Nadine 5:42am April 10, 2017 at 5:42 am So regardless of if үou are actually wanting to purchаse newborn garments, sleepsuits or even nightwear yоu could gսaranteе yoս acquire the appropriɑte baby clothing based on the childrᥱn’s body weight or height. Examine out the mothercare shoe sizing overview if you arᥱ in demand from appeaгing to assess yoᥙr little ones feеts Reply Google Business 12:52pm April 11, 2017 at 12:52 pm This excellent website truly has all the info I needed concerning this subject and didn’t know who to ask. Reply John 7:14am April 13, 2017 at 7:14 am I havee ben ssurfing on-line mlre thqn three hoirs nowadays, yett I byy nno means foiund anny attention-grabbing articl like yours. It’s llvely vaoue suffgicient forr me.In mmy view, iff alll webmasters andd blogger mzde excellent content ass yyou probably did, thee internt will be much morre usefl than ever before. Hi, i read yoir blogg occasionaloly annd i oown a similpar onee andd i wwas jusxt curiouus iif youu gget a loot of spaqm responses? If so hhow ddo yoou redxuce it, anyy plugin orr anyghing you can advise? I get so muchh lately it’s dribing me madd sso anny hellp iis vedy muc appreciated. Theze aare really wondercul ideas in regardikng blogging.You have toucheed somme fastdious factors here. Anny way kkeep up wrinting.http://www.cspan.net Reply indulgy.com 7:25pm April 26, 2017 at 7:25 pm Can you really find some good make it possible for correct under-going %BT%? Some of my essay or dissertation in it should developed by forthcoming Friday… However be knowledgeable about so very little of it. Reply cheap mls jerseys China 3:50am May 8, 2017 at 3:50 am Marvelous, what a webpage it is! This blog provides valuable facts to us, keep it up.cheap mls jerseys China Reply parenting assessment questions 10:53pm May 8, 2017 at 10:53 pm Do they seem tired? Permit’s urge one another! Reply http://sharetogel.com 1:55pm May 19, 2017 at 1:55 pm I like reading an article that can make people think. Also, many thanks for permitting me to comment! Reply children's stories 2:27pm May 29, 2017 at 2:27 pm Undeniably believe that which you said. Your favorite reason appeared to be on the net the easiest thing to be aware of. I say to you, I certainly get annoyed while people think about worries that they just don’t know about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top as well as defined out the whole thing without having side-effects , people could take a signal. Will probably be back to get more. Thanks Reply pet gates indoor 4:07am May 31, 2017 at 4:07 am Tɦey don’t need to be glued oг screwed in. Reply baby stair safety 5:41am May 31, 2017 at 5:41 am Wooⅾwoгkіng – It’s ԛuiet, methodіcal, and creative. Reply cookware and more 4:59am June 7, 2017 at 4:59 am Another option is by using aluminum cookware which is particularly popular for bake ware. Reply retractable gate extra wide 2:07am June 9, 2017 at 2:07 am Shannon off series you ways to construct an entrance. Reply baby gate large opening 6:29am June 9, 2017 at 6:29 am Then you need to lure her out just a bit. Reply black stair gate 7:59am June 9, 2017 at 7:59 am Water is fun. For producing such a terrific item! Reply pressure fit stair gate 90cm 8:01am June 9, 2017 at 8:01 am So first you need to install locks on the drawer. Reply extra wide top of stairs baby gate 11:09am June 9, 2017 at 11:09 am 1) It’s twice the price of the popular baby gates. Reply toddler gates 4:02pm June 9, 2017 at 4:02 pm Then partially lift the ‘teeth’ bar upward. Reply Alma 4:51pm June 9, 2017 at 4:51 pm You should be doing that with any baby gate. Reply « Older Comments LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Editors Picks Primaries: We Gotta Do Better Than This Guest Contributor - 8:00pm January 6, 2012 President Proclaims Importance of Investments in Education, Innovation, and Infrastructure Kristal High - 7:00pm February 26, 2011 The Charles Ramsey Effect: On Rhetoric and Doing Right Imani Jackson - 6:48pm May 10, 2013 Video: Obama Asked Why He Picked “Another White Male” for SCOTUS Lauren Victoria Burke - 8:43pm May 17, 2016 Politic365 is an opinion and policy blog focused on communities of color. We create a positive media outlet for the empowerment and enrichment of our elected officials and community leaders, provide a venue for the exploration of issues important to our communities and address political and policy about the economy, healthcare, technology, energy and a variety of social and cultural issues, all from the diverse perspective of people of color. Contact us: info@politic365.com EVEN MORE NEWS It’s Nomination Time for Pai’s FCC Diversity Committee 6:53pm June 8, 2017 Ku Klux Klan Plans Rally in Charlottesville, VA 1:11pm June 6, 2017 Park Police Investigate Noose Found at African American History Museum 7:18pm May 31, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY Headline2246 Politics1997 National1969 News1273 Culture1034 Policy661 © Copyright 2015 - Newsmag by TagDiv Home Editorial Staff Join Our Mailing List Contact
Trending Muthambi judgment: what it really means NTT said to mull Didata Africa sale The case for open data in telecoms SA to get big e-sports tournament MTN to sponsor the Springboks What spooked Telkom investors Democracy never faced a threat like Facebook Eskom establishes energy storage facility About Contact RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Navigate News World In-depth Podcasts Opinion BACKSPACE Newsletter Advertise You are at:Home»World»SoftBank to buy Google’s robot maker World SoftBank to buy Google’s robot maker By Agency Staff 9 June 2017 No Comments Twitter Facebook Google+ SoftBank Group is taking over Google parent Alphabet’s robot dreams, buying Boston Dynamics to pursue a future when more machines intermingle with humans. As part of the transaction with Alphabet, SoftBank also agreed to buy Japanese bipedal robotics company Schaft. Terms of the deal weren’t disclosed. Boston Dynamics, bought by Google in 2013 as part of a robotics acquisitions spree, made its name with a series of two- and four-legged machines that are able to stay upright even when pushed or traversing rocky terrain. Videos of the robots, known for their animal-like movements, are popular on YouTube. While SoftBank has already made investments in robotics, those efforts have yet to deliver hit products or pay off. That may change with this new deal. SoftBank may not have struggled as much if they bought a better robotics company instead of Aldebaran “Boston Dynamics is seen as the best in the world,” said Tomotaka Takahashi, a University of Tokyo associate professor and the founder of Robo Garage. While there might be some concerns whether it might be difficult to work with the “geniuses” at Boston Dynamics, he said “it will be interesting to see what they come up with when they’re free to conduct research”. It wasn’t clear whether Boston Dynamics would remain within SoftBank, a Tokyo-based telecommunications and tech investment company, or become part of the Vision Fund, the US$93bn technology investment fund started by SoftBank founder, Masayoshi Son. The fund will allow the billionaire to cut even more ambitious deals than he’s been able to do with his highly leveraged company. The Vision Fund already has the right to acquire 25% of SoftBank’s holdings in ARM Holdings, OneWeb, US-based online lender Social Finance and US chip maker Nvidia. Humanoid This would be Son’s second venture into robotics. In 2012, SoftBank acquired French company Aldebaran Robotics and two years later unveiled Pepper, a $1 600 humanoid promoted as the world’s first robot endowed with emotions. Son envisioned building an ecosystem of apps that would let Pepper man storefronts as well as entertain people at home. But culture clashes between the Japan parent and French engineers as well as challenges of creating artificial intelligence capable of understanding natural language has left Pepper underwhelming and with lackluster adoption limited to Japan. “SoftBank may not have struggled as much if they bought a better robotics company” instead of Aldebaran, Takahashi said. The shares of SoftBank rose as much as 7,7% in early trading in Tokyo. The stock was buoyed by Alibaba Group’s 13% jump in US trading, which boosted the valued of SoftBank’s stake in the Chinese e-commerce giant to $105,6bn. “Typically, when Son makes a big acquisition, the markets are worried,” said Tomoaki Kawasaki, an analyst at Iwai Cosmo Securities. “If this deal goes through the Vision Fund, no one will fret about the impact on SoftBank’s balance sheet.” One of the challenges they’ve had is that the robotics don’t scale as well for mass production Alphabet decided to put the company up for sale earlier this year because it didn’t anticipate a marketable product in the next few years, people familiar with the company’s plans have said. Boston Dynamics was among the largest in a slew of robotics companies that Google bought in a short period. Before the acquisition, the Cambridge, Massachusetts-based company developed large, heavy robots mostly for potential military purposes, through research contracts with US government agencies. The acquisitions, orchestrated by former Android chief Andy Rubin, formed a hodgepodge unit inside the company, called Replicant internally. But the teams never cohered around a singular strategy, and Rubin left Google in 2014. Alphabet shifted all its robotics companies, aside from Boston Dynamics and Schaft, to its X research lab last year. “One of the challenges they’ve had is that the robotics don’t scale as well for mass production,” said Gene Munster, an analyst at Loup Ventures. “That’s why they never fit with Google’s model.”  — Reported by Pavel Alpeyev and Mark Bergen, with assistance from Yuki Furukawa, (c) 2017 Bloomberg LP Alphabet Boston Dynamics Google SoftBank Twitter Facebook Google+ Previous ArticleTV encryption: Muthambi wins concourt battle Next Article Tesla now worth more than BMW Related Posts Tesla now worth more than BMW Twitter could be Trump’s undoing, allies warn Apple helped UK investigate terror attacks Like on Facebook Follow on Google+ Follow on Twitter Enter your e-mail address to subscribe to our newsletter: © 2009 - 2017 NewsCentral Media Subscribe to our free daily newsletter Receive the best South African technology news and analysis in your inbox each morning. Simply click here to subscribe. (We won’t send you spam or share your e-mail address.) ×
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 46 Plus 1 on G+ 177 Share on Facebook 47 Share on Twitter Total Shares270 Carriers Google News Last week Sprint and Rogers announced that users sending messages between the two carriers will be able to make use of RCS. RCS, of course, is the new standard to replace SMS that Google committed to back in 2015. So far each carrier seems to have its own idea for how RCS should work. But Google's recent work in cross-carrier communication is a big step towards ubiquity, and thanks to the tech behind this latest interconnect other carriers can more easily get in on the RCS action. We are deploying a "hub" model, so that carriers can interconnect to the hub once to get access to all other carriers connected to the hub. — Nick Fox (@RealNickFox) June 5, 2017 Google's Nick Fox followed up his announcement on the 1st with an answer to a question posed by our own Artem about how Google's RCS interconnect works. Instead of requiring that carriers individually connect their networks in some capacity to one another to exchange RCS messages, the RCS standards used by Google and the GSMA make use of a hub-style interconnect. Google's hub-based implementation of RCS in the recent cross-carrier announcement isn't a new technology, but it is cool. Back in 2013, the GSM Association published a white paper that detailed how RCS could work — and it's very much worth a read if you are even mildly interested in the future of carrier messaging, RCS, or even just networking. The white paper showed a few different methods for RCS implementation, such as using a direct NNI (Network-Network Interface) decentralized network for each carrier interconnection. Unfortunately, that particular solution results in a quickly rising number of interconnects as the number of carriers increases (n(n - 1) / 2), which means for each additional carrier in the network a larger investment needs to be made by those in it. The white paper also talked about a hub model for RCS, which has clear advantages for carriers. Rather than be burdened with developing their own connections to other carriers, each needs only connect to the one central hub presumably provided by Google. But, this centralized system will likely suffer from the same sort of weaknesses that all centralized systems do. For instance, if the capacity of the hub isn't high enough for the traffic present, then messages might not be delivered as expected, or things could grind to a halt. A central network is also more susceptible to censorship, attacks, or interference. However, it also provides some advantages, such as decreasing the investment of time and resources for carriers joining the standard. 4 node interconnect vs 36 The hub system proposed in the white paper (based on Openmind Networks implementation for SMS/MMS) does have drawbacks, but fewer connections might end up meaning faster deployment. And since Google has already done the work bringing the hub network up for Sprint and Rogers, each additional carrier should only responsible for its connection to that hub, as opposed to managing every link to every other RCS carrier themselves. Perhaps the recent news might help other carriers be persuaded to adopt Google's version of RCS, if for no other reason than cost-cutting. Why manage a ton of different networks for RCS when they can let Google cough up the cash for infrastructure? After all, if there's one thing carriers love, it's money. Tags hub networking interconnect node rcs Rogers Sprint subscribe ... Previous Story Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and ... ... Next Story MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Jayson Stephenson In case anybody is interested. Release 2 of the RCS universal profile which is to contain the needed information for third-party apps (Like Textra) to utilize RCS features will be released very soon. http://i.imgur.com/HLbSwcy.jpg https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14Ns9oV0Dh8_S5M-JHDvJ8sNHR6rpbiq2N6qZlP3g9zQ/edit Ryne Hager The beauty of that document makes me feel bad about my Google Docs skills. Jayson Stephenson Trust me, it wasn't anywhere that great to begin with. I really learned a lot with this doc and the amazing features/flexibility that G-Drive has. Snowsky Mountain Does this mean I can use third-party apps like the SMS Backup & Restore app to backup and restore RCS messages? Jayson Stephenson Yes, but even better. RCS Messages are by default synced to your carriers cloud infrastructure. So if you were to change phones/tablets your messages will be in sync with whatever device you use. Snowsky Mountain Where would I go to turn off/on that syncing of messages? Would it be from a messaging app, like the Android Messages app? Or would it be through my carrier? Also, I wonder what (if any) effect that would have on T-Mobile's DIGITS service, which appears to do something similar for SMS/MMS messages... Jayson Stephenson I'm not 100% yet. But I believe your answer might be on what Google turns its new 'Carrier Services' app into. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.ims&hl=en MJ I have no interest in my carrier storing my messages. No thanks... I hope this can be turned off. Jayson Stephenson I'm sure a lot of people will agree with you. As I mentioned to Snowsky, I believe the option for that will be on whatever Google turns its new 'Carrier Services' app into. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.ims&hl=en Latheryin There goes your privacy. Dmitri Smirnov There was never any to begin with in the SMS world. Latheryin That completely is a matter of the country to live in. Dmitri Smirnov SS7 vulnerabilities prove, that lack of privacy transcends borders :) Also, there is nothing preventing your carrier to store the SMS "for technical reasons" regardless of a country. At any rate, while RCS might be a weird attempt to catch up with the messenger market, it is definitely not worse than the SMS. Latheryin Acutally there is. At least in the states. There are laws that prevent them from being more then a pass through. As for the messaging market. That also depends on the country you live in. Data messengers are bigger in developing countries then they are say in the states. A perfect example is that 3% of the US population even use a messaging app as their primary. SMS or just flat out calling is the preffered. David Ruddock Cool doc, but Verizon and AT&T are both signatories on the RCS Universal Profile. That doesn't compel them to do anything, but it seems unlikely they'd sign if they didn't intend to be compatible with the universal profile at some point, which is what Google Jibe is based on. Jayson Stephenson It doesn't say anywhere they they ever will implement it. In fact I expect they won't for a long time. All it mentions is their RCS is a proprietary format meaning it will work on only their internal networks. Also check out my comment on AT&T. newtonfb ATT showed a demo of it at MWC(I see that you made that comment on the doc, you should include the twitter picture also). I dont see why ATT and Tmobile will not have the UP out by the end of the year. Verizon is a different story as they have not showed or said anything about it. Jayson Stephenson The doc is open source. ;) Latheryin Yes attached showed it but it plans on placing it on top of their SMS setup not as a replacement. wicketr I think what he's saying is that "yes, it's proprietary now, but they planning on having UP with an unconfirmed launch date". The same is true for most of these. T-Mobile's is currently proprietary, but has been rumored to be UP completed by the end of the year. But it's undetermined if it's going to use Google's hub, or implement the RCS UP using Samsung's infratructure across the boards. Jayson Stephenson Yes, sorry for the confusion. I will see if I can design it any better. But so far the only carrier which we know guaranteed is in the process of installing the UP is T-Mobile. Which is mentioned in the doc. Tom Erlandsen Calling it now, I bet Allo gets RCS support fairly soon after this release Joshua Why? Android Messages - which has RCS - is made by Google. They could have implemented RCS into Allo this whole time. Tom Erlandsen Because Google wants Allo to succeed, and the absolute best way they can do that is by having some kind of carrier messaging fallback. They're not going to do SMS fallback, the Allo lead has come out and said that before. But they've never said they won't do RCS fallback. And the fact that Android Messages has RCS support means absolutely nothing. Google is infamous for its A/B tests, so it's hardly a stretch to imagine them having two apps with RCS support. If Allo with RCS fallback proves very popular and successful, I could imagine them discontinuing Android Messages and making Allo with RCS the default messaging app on Android, requiring OEMs to bundle it with their devices. But I only think they'll do that if Allo proves to be a success, as otherwise they'll face massive OEM backlash Joshua They wont discontinue Android Messages because here in Canada where RCS has been out for months, carriers have said in 2018 Android Messages is shipping with all of their devices. Tom Erlandsen Like I said, I don't think they'd discontinue Android Messages unless Allo was poised to take its place (i.e. had a decent userbase). And that would take a while to happen, even with RCS support. So yeah Android Messages will probably stay for a while, until Google has something it feels would make a better replacement, and I think that's what they'll try and build Allo into Chris I wish American carriers weren't such jackasses. Jayson Stephenson You have a very similar theory as I do. I think the point of the renaming of Google Messages to "Android Messages" is to give all AOSP devices a baseline messenger app that is not branded with the Google name, and supports whatever standard your carrier utilizes. (SMS/MMS/RCS) Obviously Allo will not be getting full-SMS support at all for obvious reasons....(https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/53uvvu/why_sms_fallback_isnt_the_holy_grail_you_all/) But it might be possible for it to get RCS support and still allowing it to view, send, and receive SMS messages. As SMS messages are connected to your carriers data infrastructure instead of tied to your phone storage. (If you have an RCS compatible carrier) You can have Allo to communicate to any non-Allo contacts while still utilizing its rich features with Allo-Allo communication. Although I'm not sure if such an app/feature is even possible. If it were, we could see a messenger revolution! Abraham No this is how I see it. Android Messages is a very generic simple SMS/RCS platform. No real branding, no real benefit for Google. This makes carriers happy as they are not shoving Google on everyones faces by default. Allo, if it gets RCS support. Will be the Google branded, with Google assistant and many more things. But this will be for the user to decide if they want to use. Not set as default to keep the user and carriers happy. What do you guys think? Joshua More likely. Allo will never replace Android Messages. Android Messages is a very lightweight, clean, and basic app. Allo is full of many (some might call pointless) features most don't want or need. Allo is slow to open compared to Android Messages, which could get annoying if you just want to send a quick SMS/RCS message. McStagger are you keeping that spreadsheet updated? Jayson Stephenson Most certainly! .w oh, and google will be in the center of our communication even more! and if someone opts to use basic sms, which doesn't use internet and such one will end up being processed but damn google... how "noble" of them, and they will probably do this also for "free" (i.e. "only" our data will be collected)... 😆😄 Better Google than Amazon, Facebook, or Apple. That's for sure. .w I'm not so sure about that, given google cluster-freck attitude towards messaging apps... None of the above looks great tbh... Nana Adu-Krow Not sure what is so hard to understand about their messaging apps. Each one serves a different purpose. And if you feel like there's apps that lack certain functionality (like web app support or something) you have the option to use something 3rd party. .w ROTFL, I didn't say that it's hard to understand but the purpose of messaging app is, well... messaging. In case of google you have abundance of messaging apps and if they have distinctive functionality it's even worse - there should be single app that handles all the basics and does it well. That's not the case in google messaging ecosystem. Why would I put my feet in that mess? Just to find out that in a couple of months google would introduce yet another messaging app? or in case of operators - say that they were mistaken if not 100% chooses their solution. Bottomline - trusting google services, especially those not well established (like mail, calendar, docs or android ecosystem) is veeeery risky... Cakefish When will RCS come to the UK? NathanDrago My knowledge is that SMS have basically disappeared. I only receive SMS from my bank and my carrier. Everybody is using WhatsApp / Telegram / you name it. What's the purpose of this effort for RCS? Is RCS more capable than WhatsApp / Telegram / you name it? David Ruddock SMS is still widely used in the USA. NathanDrago But don't you suspect that by the time this standard even starts to spread, USA will already have caught up with the rest of the world (that is, abandoning non-data messages)? It seems to me a lot of wasted resources. raddacle Considering how comfortable people are with services like iMessage which discriminates against other OS's, I don't see SMS going anywhere for the US. SMS is as standard as possible for the US right now. The only way to change the standard is by forcing it, hence RCS. Santos Chavez iMessage says nope, sorry. iPhones are actually a lot more popular here in the USA than the rest of the world. Hence people never switch to other apps.Hence those iPhone users messaging an Android user and oops, it's an SMS now because, yeah, Android doesn't have iMessage. The Android user also wouldn't change apps either if their current SMS app allows them to chat with all of their iPhone using friends. Like me, for instance, I'm the only one in my group of 5 friends that uses an Android phone. Hence, my default SMS app, Android Messages,is all I need to talk with them. They don't switch apps because amongst themselves they use iMessage which is enough as they get advanced messaging features. See what I mean? RCS would at the very least make Android---> Android users have those same advanced messaging features they'd get with other apps. Pushing RCS as the standard works for us here because we've never switched out of using SMS apps. .w This highly depends on the country... Peter Obligatory XKCD https://m.xkcd.com/927/ Dat Nguyen Here in Belgium, SMS is still used (well less than before) because when it comes to mobile subscriptions, Belgium is one of the countries that has expensive prices. For example, for 15€ a month, the carrier I use gives you 2,5 hours of calling, unlimited texting and 1,5 Gb of data so it's not like I can enable the data 24/7 And none of the carriers in Belgium doesn't seem to be aware of RCS AbdulB1 keep it on 3g. You will survive within limits Ryne Hager RCS is supposed to be an open replacement for SMS/MMS. But it is really just another competing standard. At least when compared to things like WhatsApp it isn't a private system. Any carrier that wants to can jump on and start using RCS for messaging, while WhatsApp is not so open and requires that you use their app the way they want you to. So TL:DR RCS is just supposed to replace old standards. bekifft Obligatory XKCD: https://xkcd.com/927/ Latheryin Data only messaging services are not really used a lot in the states and many other places. Data rates are just too high where SMS is unlimited free. Kyle Salewski Really hoping that since Google is behind this, and with the recent revamp of Google Voice, that RCS would soon come to GV. Anyone have any insight on the complexity behind that? Or would it be really difficult since Google Voice isn't a traditional "carrier" but more of a middle man. David Ruddock It would make sense as a reason for them bringing it back from the brink of death, if nothing else. bekifft But Google Voice / Hangouts are the core of the Frankenstein monster that is Google Fi. They seem to be trying to kill both brands, so it makes more sense to do this as part of Google Fi. But maybe GV / GFi is just more A / B testing. Willie Chalmers III More like A/B/C/D/E testing for a messaging strategy. Santos Chavez I think Nick Fox also mentioned on Twitter that they're working on bringing RCS to Project Fi. Project Fi uses Google Voice as the back end for most of its functions so perhaps adding RCS to Voice is pretty much necessary for it to come to Fi-- maybe they'll "talk" to the same server, as such. Project Fi numbers are Google Voice numbers after all, technically. Snowsky Mountain Is an Internet connection required to send and receive RCS messages? Jay Yes. h4rr4r So then why bother with it over XMPP? Snowsky Mountain So what would happen if I had a cellular connection but no Internet (no Wi-Fi or data)? Would it fall back to SMS/MMS? Jay Yep, you got it! John Doe VoLTE? Phone service requires Internet now so why not messages? Evan Anderson For instance, if the capacity of the hub isn't high enough for the traffic present, then messages might not be delivered as expected, or things could grind to a halt. This is an extremely unlikely situation. Any large network system, such as this one, will have plenty of redundancy and excess capacity to avoid ever overloading the system. Star network topology is standard these days, so this architecture makes perfect sense. Any other topology is highly inefficient. Snowsky Mountain I wonder what would happen if that were to occur, though. Maybe it would fall back to SMS/MMS? Ryne Hager It's definitely unlikely, I'm more concerned about denial of service implications from a centralized system. Decentralized might be more expensive for the carriers, but it would be more robust. Houston Texas Robust how? Borgman Say Android Messages gets RCS on all carriers and stuff. What then will be the incentive to use Allo or other IM? Sruly J Well Allo has bots... Marcellus1 It'll be the particular feature set of each offering. I could use Allo because I like the bot and you could use WhatsApp because you like the stickers, for example, but it wouldn't matter that we aren't using the same app--which would be awesome and would drive competition better. Borgman But Allo won't get RCS, correct? Won't that remain an IM (unfortunately?). Or by some miracle (thanks to RCS) I'd be able to use Allo and message someone on imessage? Or are IM a whole nother story for a later date? (I just wish I could use X app and send messages, full resolution photos, HD video, read receipt, typing notify, to someone on Y app). Marcellus1 I don't know specifically what apps will get RCS and what ones won't. Hopefully all messaging apps will support it at some point. I suspect if there are any holdouts, iMessage would be the main one just because Apple likes to be intentionally incompatible. The goal of RCS, though, is to have exactly what you said is your wish. Borgman Man I sure hope that happens!!! Latheryin Will never take off as the standard. Not for a least 10 years. Joshua Canada already has had RCS for many months. We only have a few carriers, so it can easily be standard in Canada. Latheryin Everywhere has it. It is just a matter of who will be using it and what version they will use. It will end up like Android pay.. It to mention that is a but too much privacy that many people just will not freely Give up. Mainly not with the anti Google movement going on right now. Marty For some reason the headline of this article made me remember what I used to think about Google several years ago. I was of the opinion that the mentality at Google was of forging a future of making everything free...at least free in the phone and service market to start. Back then my impression of Google was that it was lead by activistic, hippy-culture young people who wanted everything in life to be free. I felt Google would try to lead society to forge such a mindset that "profit" was evil and that humanity being free from wants and needs was the future they wanted. Viktor Ivanov Good thing they aren't, I'd be really worried if they were. Marty Maybe they were to a certain extent but couldn't manage to bring their ideals to fruition. The people running the show right now seem to be money-driven. Syukri Lajin Google trying to make the carriers move to a more centralized system. Good thing they showed good example by not making another messaging app just for RCS. :D freshprince_87 I hope the other 3 US carriers (T-Mobile, Verizon, and AT&T) adopts Google's RCS messaging network so that RCS finally replaces SMS/MMS forever . SMS/MMS needs to freaking die already! When that happens, there won't be a need for iMessage and it's blue bubbles anymore 😒. Because every phone except for iPhones (unless Apples updates it's messages app in iOS 11)will have the Google's version of iMessage messaging service, RCS, in the United States. Borgman I don't know how many bozo iphone friends I have who say "the picture you just send is hazy" or "why does Android not send HD pics or videos". Drives me crazy! Just want a simple way to send those things to my friends! Warren Skipper No matter if the rest of the world uses RCS, Apple will never adopt it simply because it involves connecting to Google. Add on top of the fact that Google will likely have access to all messages that come through and you have a perfect recipe for Apple to publicly stand against it on the basis of privacy. Jayson Stephenson Not sure what you mean by "Connecting to Google", if Apple were to ever adopt RCS they would just have to utilize the exact same API's that every other OEM (Windows Phones, Android, etc...) uses. The only thing Google is doing is promoting the standard and trying to push adoption. Warren Skipper From everything I've read, there are some parts of the universal profile that seem to be Google-specific. In this article by Mobilesyrup, the carrier network Rogers stated “It’s a Google managed service”: http://mobilesyrup.com/2017/05/11/rcs-messaging-sms-canada-explainer/ I could be wrong though.Even if so, Apple wouldn't adopt it on the basis of privacy. Jayson Stephenson What he was mentioning in that paragraph that you quoted was the Google Jibe platform which those carriers have agreed to utilize to have Google host the server infrastructure for them. Look at the previous paragraph... "One point Sarhangi is quick to reiterate multiple times throughout our interview is that RCS “is not a Google service.”" RCS is NOT a Google exclusive service. Any Carrier, or OS, or Hardware manufacturer can utilize RCS 100% without any involvement of Google whatsoever. Warren Skipper You're mistaken what I'm saying. I know this is not Google exclusive. I also understand that any carrier can implement it along with OEMs like Samsung who can host the servers in lieu of Google. However, it's highly likely that Google has some form of code within the universal profile itself, that they can track, that is beyond whoever implements RCS. Again I could be wrong but either way, RCS has to go through someone's servers and who's ever it is will have the ability to mine everything that goes through it. Nicholas Conrad But apple hates industry standard, it interferes with their platform lock-in. mrjayviper Did that mean SMS communications will be data mined by Google as well? I believe they can't do that right now? h4rr4r Why not? They can read anything the device sends. If you own the kernel you own it all. mrjayviper Google can't read my SMS right now success they are not part of the process Ryan yes, they can. as he said they can technically read anything that exits your phone, if they choose to do so. This is how the current sms backup function works. Also if you use android messages they are already in the process mrjayviper i don't backup my SMS h4rr4r Google made the software that displays the text. If you use an Android phone. eddiepearson Honestly, don't care about this unless this means TMO will implement this tomorrow. All of this is null if TMO continues to not give a crap. You can get those free poop goodies every Tuesday though. bekifft The Venn diagram of people on Sprint with friends in Canada (and vice versa) are going to be very excited about this! JD So what Google is saying is RCS will be an unreliable POS that will be in Beta forever. Santos Chavez No that is not at all what they're saying. JD It was implied, since Google is going to sit in the middle of this hub. thecoolkid So now Google will be reading our texts too...? kamiller42 Control the hub? Control the world! Nice one, stop shop for intelligence agencies. Will hub participants be given access to all traffic on the hub? I'm sure Google will. "Better to mine you with my pretty!" MeCampbell30 I'm sure the carriers have no intention of letting google profit at their expense. kamiller42 The answer? Enticement. Offer the carriers the access to the products of the data mining. "We all benefit." Abhishek Saral RCS is just for SMS or are there any other benefits? senoredusty Separate ideas. Your question doesn't really make sense. Think of RCS ad the evolution of SMS Abhishek Saral Try to understand the context. It's just for sending messages or something else. senoredusty Yes. It's like fancy SMS. Read receipts, higher quality media, typing indicators, etc. Abhishek Saral People in US should start using WhatsApp already. Instead of making things tough for everyone. senoredusty Everyone in the US uses SMS already. If, over the course of time, people are naturally transitioned from SMS to RCS, that's a lot smaller a barrier than trying to convince each and every person to install yet another app. Sprint is going in the right direction with this, having Android Messages installed by default on all new Android devices. Also IMO WhatsApp is ugly. I don't want to use it, so I'm not about to try to convince everyone else they should. I'd much rather see Textra gain RCS functionality. Duder12 Fixed for you. *iPhone users in US should stop using iMessage already. Instead of making things tough for everyone.* Jay Who care? Americans have locked themselves into a vicious cycle, where 'SMS FALLBACK' in 2017 is necessary and their own self created injury infliction about being the 'green text' to 'blue text' users. Be it whatsapp or telegram or wechat, the rest of the world seems a lot more sane and the messaging discussion has not been one, in a lot of places on earth for years now. Instead here we are in 2017, with americans ranting about SMS and 'the imessage for android'. Something most nations will not care about Santos Chavez I think a lot of has to do with the fact that many folks here aren't really technically knowledged. Most never use any other app other than what came with their phone. Hence why SMS is still a thing, they just use that app to communicate with everyone. By gradually moving things over to RCS, those same consumers would still benefit from advanced messaging even if they never change their app. Sprint is helping with that since they're installing Android Messages by default on all new phones, and they already support RCS. ThePublisher So Google will be able to read all texts... awesome... Erstam Why don't they have Google voice setup with this already? James Where does it say Jibe will provide the hub connection to carriers for free? davidtb I could see how Google (a non-carrier) would want a piece of every RCS message (via their servers) who's at the center of the hub? RCS is pretty, but not a necessity, needa I wonder if Google is going to let everyone in the hub get the data. Yuri Vidal Can someone please explain me why use RCS (Or even SMS) would be better than simply using internet IP messaging systems? (WhatsApp, Telegram, Hangout, and so many others...) Paul Hansen A universal platform for all mobile devices. Not just the ones with a particular app installed. Santos Chavez Because then you could message someone the same way as those apps, but it wouldn't even matter what app they're using. For example, SMS apps will adopt the standard, as well (Textra devs have already said they will support it) so an Android Messages user on Sprint would be able to RCS with a Textra user on Rogers while having the same exact features of WhatsApp, Facebook, etc (like read receipts, typing indicators, large video sending, high quality pictures, and so on). Believe it or not, not everyone uses those other apps, especially here in the US. And even if they had an account in one or more of the apps, they may not be active on it anymore, like it is the case with my friends. With RCS you'd still be able to reach them anyway and have all of the advanced features those apps provide, across carriers and across apps. 2 Men-E I just want this to come to Project Fi Santos Chavez Me too! Really hoping that because Google owns the infrastructure and that they've streamlined the requirements to bridge to other carriers, it'll come to Fi pretty soon. Should be lots easier for them than all of the other carriers anywhere, after all :P Sonic Sunglasses I'm sure AT$T is busy working out its strategic plan to be dead last in implementing this technology. KChristainsen So basically we're still far off from RCS becoming a reality, unreal Jeff Saul Everything goes through the Google. It has been decreed. Humans will bow down to the Google. The Google reigns supreme. Soraya Xel For Google's next trick: Steal everyone's SMS data too. xyz No big deal. In most countries, the telecom regulators will set a standard that all carriers will have to follow. In the US, it'll be a mess. Đức Thành This is always the case: Google wants to help make something better for everyone, they have an idea that can help people improve things for themselves, which then more often than not gets rejected because everyone is a selfish and foolish asshole whose only interest is their own short-term benefits. Much of humanity is like that. Sometimes I think I can begin to get why in sci-fi movies the supreme AI ruler just wants to get rid of all humanity: Humanity's stupidity is a threat to their very existence. Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 118 queries | 0.596s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Software Mobile android chrome Chrome 59 for Android will make your web pages load up to 20% faster And introduces support for APNGs By Rob Thubron on Jun 8, 2017, 9:30 AM TechSpot Good news for those who do their mobile browsing using Chrome. Google has announced the release of Chrome 59 for Android, which introduces some helpful new features and adds a few tweaks, including faster loading times. Chrome version 59.0.3071.92, which you can download here if it hasn’t already been pushed out to your device, uses an updated V8 JavaScript engine that helps web pages load quicker. Google says the speeds are up to 20 percent faster compared to previous versions of its mobile browser. And as the improved V8 engine is more efficient, it uses less memory, too. In April, Google said the JavaScript page loading improvements were due to the development of a new metric that better quantifies real-world usage. Chrome 59 also adds support for animated PNGs, known as APNGs. While they appear similar to GIFs, the format is of a slightly higher quality in that it supports 24-bit images and 8-bit transparency. Mozilla has supported it since Firefox 3, and Apple introduced APNGs in iMessages with iOS 10. The release contains standard performance and stability improvements, as well as a new image capture API that gives web pages more control over a device’s camera (only after the user grants permission, of course). Instead of just being able to take pictures, the new API allows pages to switch between detected cameras, use the flash, adjust the zoom, and focus the image. Finally, Chrome 59 for Android contains some minor security improvements. Pages that are embedded using iFrames, for example, are no longer allowed to send notifications. Related Reads Confirmed: Chrome OS is getting Android apps First batch of Android apps for Chrome OS have arrived Google adds WebVR and VR Shell to Chrome on Android 3 comments 100 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Students may soon be able to retire ancient graphing calculators Microsoft rolls out new Creators Fall Update build with tons of new features Samsung Galaxy Note 8 details leak, expected to ship ahead of iPhone 8 Popular Corsair Glaive RGB Gaming Mouse Review Tips for Playing PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Load Comments 3 ... User Comments: 3 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 12 Software to convert PDF to other formats 21 I can't play my recovered .mov files 12 AAE image question 7 Kodak Easyshare software 9 VLC for IOS 2.7.8 Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > iPhone gets new photo tricks with iOS 11, it should make Nikon and Canon very worried Javed Anwer   |   @brijwaasi Last Updated: JUN 09, 2017 New Delhi Email Author Computational photography. That is the buzzword nowadays in the Silicon Valley. On June 5 at WWDC 2017 when Apple showed the new cool photography tricks that the iPhone will do with the iOS 11, it became clear why the computational photography is the next big thing as far as smartphones and cameras are concerned. It changes the game completely and in the last two odd years we have seen how it is making the phones like the iPhone 7 Plus and the Google Pixel the kind of shooters that can hold their own against proper cameras. But before we talk about the computational photography, let's talk about that magic trick that Apple showed on June 5. While demoing the new photo app in the iOS 11, Apple spokespersons talked about the time lapse feature. This is the kind of the feature that lets photographer clicks that light trail and silky white and extremely smooth running water with motion effect. It requires fiddling with aperture and shutter speed in cameras. It also requires a decent enough camera for the best results, with DSLR cameras often preferred. But Apple showed it can do the same photography with an iPhone, without fiddling with any knobs and dials. On the stage we saw that the time lapse feature was turned on the iPhone and it clicked a photo of waterfall that showed the water motion with silk smooth white stream. Just like that. Pure magic. Not for the first time The interesting bit is that this is not the first time Apple is doing something like this, creating an effect that would otherwise require expensive camera and lenses, with an iPhone. In fact, Apple is not even the only phone company doing it. Google too is big on the computational photography. We first saw the best example of it when Apple came out with the portrait mode in the iPhone 7 Plus. This mode allows a user to click portrait photos that have this creamy blurred background. and it works beautifully. In a proper DSLR camera the effect of blurred background is achieved using physics and light. It requires a lens with very wide aperture - F1.8 is better, F1.4 is fantastic - and with a combination of distance between the sensor and lens. Also the elements used inside the lens and the sensor size have an effect on this mode. Finally, there is the focal length. The higher the focal length, the better will be the blurred background aka bokeh. This is the reason why pro photographers use something like 105mm or 135mm lens with aperture of F2.8 or less to shoot portrait photos. There is lot of science involved here, lot of technology, and lot of skills. The iPhone 7 Plus does it all with just a toggle. Put the camera app in the portrait mode and shoot. And results are spectacular. so how does Apple manage something that requires a bulky camera with a small iPhone that has a tiny lens and tiny image sensor. Apple uses computational data. Apple doesn't rely on the physics of light to create the blurred background. It uses the data that camera sees, and computes a scene that would otherwise require expensive lens and a big bulky camera. It's not perfect all the time. It is definitely not as fine and natural looking as what a full-frame DSLR can manage. But the difference is minute. It is more than good enough for most consumers. Now the company is doing the same with the time lapse feature. it again is using the data collected by the tiny lens and making all those calculations using the powerful A10 processor to create a scene that is otherwise can only be clicked by a proper camera. Nowadays, everyone clicks photos with their phones. In fact, phones like the Google Pixel are even better than most entry-level cameras. In good light, these phones even match better cameras And Apple is hardly the only company doing it. Samsung is working on computational photography to make its cameras click better photos. Inside Google, which makes Pixel phones, there is this whole team that works on computational photography. It is this team that is behind the fantastic HDR mode in Pixel phones. Pixel phones have a small sensor compared to what you will inside a DSLR camera and yet it captures brilliant HDR. the sunset and sunrise photos clicked with the Pixel phones have amazingly clean shadows and brilliant colours. it's not because of the lens of the pixel or its image sensor - although that plays a role too - it is because Google's camera app issuing all those cool algorithms to compute a scene. It is probably filling in the data that is missing by recognising the patterns in the scene. It is using machine learning to probably make billions of calculations and figuring out the scene to recreate it digitally even if its lens can't capture all those brilliant rays of light the way a DSLR camera can do. Nikon and Canon should worry The interesting bit about the computational photography is that this is just beginning. In the last one year we have seen portrait mode and HDR getting better in the phones with the use of algorithms. Now Apple is adding another cool effect using it. Next you will see, phone companies will be figuring out the focus-related issues by using computation and not the light physics the way Canon or Nikon do. Then low light photography. Next the effects like starbursts. Who knows in future the computational photography may even figure out the problem of zoom and shutter speed. It is the digital world after all. This should make Canon and Nikon sit and take notice. Unfortunately, for now they remain oblivious to the risk, even though the entry-level camera market is almost gone. Nowadays, everyone clicks photos with their phones. In fact, phones like the Google Pixel are even better than most entry-level cameras. In good light, these phones even match better cameras. Yet, canon and Nikon continue to rely on their mastery of light, sensors and lights. But that won't be enough. they also need to start thinking about putting powerful computers inside their cameras, the way Apple and Google do in their phones. The Nikon and Canon cameras need to go beyond the Expeed and Digic. They need Snapdragons, Exynos and processor like the Apple A10 in their DSLR cameras. And they need to use these processors to make the cameras better, fill in the gaps, solve the problems that physics and light can't. Or else, in another five years DSLR cameras will look as irrelevant  as the compact cameras do right now. Also Read: iPhone 7 Plus camera can surpass a DSLR camera. Occasionally For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Judy malware infects millions of Android phones: What is it and does it affect you? Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster Mark Zuckerberg gets his Harvard degree 12 years after dropping out: 10 quotes from his speech Exclusive: Moto C to launch in India in June, to take on Redmi 4A Recommended Reviews Yu Yureka Black review: Sleek, fast, and super shiny Sennheiser HD 2.30 review: Compact design, laidback sound but wow factor missing Nokia 3310 (2017) review: A phone for old times' sake Tecno i7 review: A decent smartphone that lacks polish Oppo F3 review: Buy it for its superb selfie camera VIDEOS Inside a phone factory: How smartphones are made Xiaomi Mi Note 3: dual camera and other expected features Nokia 3310 (2017): Unboxing the India variant more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Saurabh SinghReliance Jio was fastest 4G network in India in May but it doesn't matter Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
In These Times With liberty and justice for all... RSS Facebook Twitter ▼ POLITICS ACT LOCALLY LABOR CULTURE VIDEO CURRENT ISSUE Contributors SUBSCRIBE DONATE About Us Contact Us Free Newsletters HOME POLITICS CNN’s New Book Is a Master Class in How Not to Cover an Election Keith Ellison and Bernie Sanders: How To Remake the Democratic Party Here’s What’s More Troubling About Rex Tillerson Than His Ties to Putin Tom Geoghegan: 4 Things We the People Can Do About Our Unjust Voting System and a President Trump Trump Can’t Follow Through on His Promises—And Will Need A Scapegoat ACT LOCALLY Turning Capital Against Capitalism Why We Should Stop Using the Word “Activist” Puerto Rico’s Longest-Held Political Prisoner Just Walked Out of U.S. Prison The Surprising Cross-Partisan Appeal of Single-Payer Healthcare Anti-Corporate Protesters Drown Out Democratic Party Chair Tom Perez with Chants of “Liar!” LABOR News Flash: Wage Workers and Immigrants Didn’t Create Our “Corporate Kleptocracy” The Entire Public Sector Is About to Be Put on Trial In the Age of Trump, Can Labor Unite? Sorry, Charter Boosters: Record Numbers of Teachers at Chicago Charter Schools Are Organizing Unions Our Cotton Colonies CULTURE How the Threat of Apocalypse Justifies American Empire When the Bankers Took Manhattan: Austerity’s New York Roots Another War, Another Blitzerkrieg The Milquetoast Militants of Showtime’s “Guerrilla” How To Resist, in 6 Books VIDEO MAGAZINE SUBSCRIBE GIVE A GIFT CURRENT ISSUE ARCHIVES CUSTOMER SERVICE DONATE "Volunteers are running canvases in 37 states right now and they’ve knocked on tens of thousands of doors and they have had thousands of amazing conversations," says Bond. (Photo credit: Knock Every Door) Web Only / Features » June 8, 2017 Interviews for Resistance: A Sanders Campaign Vet on How to Connect with Disaffected Voters Becky Bond talks about the importance of knocking on doors to bridge the gap between voters and campaigns. BY Sarah Jaffe Share TweetReddit3 StumbleUpon0EmailPrint Email this article to a friend your email your name recipient(s) email (comma separated) message captcha 'There was a dissonance between the voters and the messages that were coming out of the Democrats. There was this disconnect.' Welcome to Interviews for Resistance. Since election night 2016, the streets of the United States have rung with resistance. People all over the country have woken up with the conviction that they must do something to fight inequality in all its forms. But many are wondering what it is they can do. In this series, we'll be talking with experienced organizers, troublemakers and thinkers who have been doing the hard work of fighting for a long time. They'll be sharing their insights on what works, what doesn't, what’s changed and what is still the same. Becky Bond: I am Becky Bond. I was senior adviser on the Bernie Sanders’ presidential campaign and, since the election of Trump, been in a lot of parts of the resistance, including co-founding a group called Knock Every Door. Sarah Jaffe: I want to talk about Knock Every Door. Tell us how that got started. Where did the idea come from and how did you end up putting it together? Becky: Like a lot of people that have been involved in organizing after the election of Trump, everyone I knew and people that I didn’t know, would come up to me and say, “What do we do now? What should I do?” It was kind of an amazing moment, in part because everybody wanted to do something and not only did they want to do something, it wasn’t just that they wanted to know where to give a donation or how to make a phone call, but they wanted to do things that were in person where they lived. They wanted to be with other people and they wanted to be active together in person, which was an amazing impulse. I, personally, felt that, too. I wanted to be with other people and I wanted to be engaged in work that was going to be part of the solution. One of the things I would tell people was that surely one of the next things that was going to happen was that we were going to start talking to the voters who had supported President Obama in 2008 and 2012 and who flipped to support Trump in 2016, as well as with the people who voted for President Obama in 2008 and 2012, but didn’t vote in 2016. Understanding what happened with those voters is going to be key in how were going to make things be different next time. We have got to get out there and knock on doors and talk to people and we have got to phone bank these people and start the conversation. I actually just really thought that most organizations that were involved in elections were going to basically start the work for the next cycle then because so many people were ready. They were like, “Let’s go! Let’s go canvas.” And then nobody asked them to do that. Nobody asked me to do that. So, even at the same time as all these new stories were coming out about the presidential campaign, which had really failed to talk to voters, at scale, in person with volunteers, there had been this idea on the campaign that that wasn’t a valuable or cost effective thing to do. One of the things that became clear, I think that the people who were asking me what to do next felt it very viscerally, was that somehow we lost this feedback loop between voters and the people who were running campaigns. If you had actually gone out and talked to people, like we did on the Bernie Sanders campaign across the country, you knew that people were really angry and hurting and that the solutions that the Democrats were talking about and were bragging about, “We fixed the economy. The economy is growing. It is awesome.” They were talking about the amazing advances of Obamacare, which did solve problems for a lot of people, but I would talk to people again and again across the country who said, “I am forced to pay expensive premiums that I can’t afford and my deductible is so high that I can’t go to the doctor when I am sick.” There was a dissonance between the voters and the messages that were coming out of the Democrats. There was this disconnect. There were a lot of people that were ready to go out and start having the conversations and to listen and try and forge the connections that we need and the civil dialogue that we need to get out of this hole. When that opportunity wasn’t offered, there were some other organizers that were feeling the same as I was and we all got together kind of as volunteers and we said, “Well, what if we could just help people go out and go canvassing? Why do we need a professional organization to run these canvasses and to invite people to do it?” We learned a lot on the Bernie Sanders campaign about how to use very cheap or free consumer software to help volunteers actually run their own voter contact operations. So that is when we decided that we would set an all-volunteer run, pretty much, campaign up that we called Knock Every Door. That was a series of conference calls and Google Docs and data entry teams and text message turnout teams and sort of bringing people together where they lived to go out and talk to voters. Sarah: It has been a few months now that this has been going on. How is it going? How many doors have been knocked? Where are people doing the door-knocking? Becky: It is amazing. Volunteers are running canvases in 37 states right now and they’ve knocked on tens of thousands of doors and they have had thousands of amazing conversations. And a lot of it is listening. What is so amazing about this moment that we are in and the really sort of humble and generous attitude of the volunteers who believe that we need to break out of filter bubbles and go talk to people that may not agree with us to try and understand, “What are the problems that they are facing? What are their hopes and fears for the future?” Then, how do we engage with them about our hopes and fears, especially if they are different? We have debriefing calls every week where the volunteers who hosted a conference get on one of these free conference calls with other people who have hosted and some of the organizers that were involved in the Bernie Sanders campaign, some of them were involved with the Clinton campaign and what they say is that people who show up and go out to canvass who have never done it before, not only are they having conversations that they think will make progress for the next election, but it is transforming them and how they feel about things. It is a really amazing personal experience for them to actually go out and relearn talking to people that are different than we are and sharing experiences. It has opened their eyes to the world in a certain way and it is creating a sense of connection that is missing. Sarah: What kinds of things are people learning on the doors? Becky: I think the thing that we are learning at the doors is that people actually want to talk. We worked with some political scientists to try and write scripts that would be most effective at the door that would also tap into a new kind of research about canvassing that suggests that a certain kind of, they call it deep canvassing, is actually the most impactful in terms of persuading people and having that persuasion be durable over time. We ask people at the end of the survey, “Would you like to have someone come back and talk to you about this again?” Overwhelmingly, people say “Yes,” they would. There is this myth that people don’t like to be bothered, that the voters don’t like to be bothered, that we are bothering them by going in and having conversations. One of the most amazing things that we are learning is that actually people do want to have these conversations with their fellow citizens about what is at stake and people really want to feel like they are listened to not just delivering a script and trying to tell somebody what they should think. Sarah: All of these conversation are happening, where does this go? Where does the information go? Where do the conversations lead? Becky: Right now what we are doing is if you are a volunteer and you want to start canvassing, when you go to the doors with your fellow volunteers, you pre-print out these forms where you can record the answers and what people say at the door. It is a combination of verbatims and picking on a scale of one to ten, “How do you feel about X or Y?” What they do after a canvass is there are these free apps you can put on your phone, and they turn the forms that they fill out into PDFs right there with their phone. Then, they email those forms in. Then, we have a team of a volunteers who actually enter the data into the database. Right now the data I think just goes into an air table just like on Google Sheets where we are tracking these responses. Then, we also send the Google spreadsheet back to the canvass organizer to give them that data back, because a lot of people when they are doing this have a small local group that is actually running a campaign that they look for candidates at times and they want the data back about the people that you talked to. So we are giving it back to the people that did it, but we are also keeping account of it. Right now, you think about how many people are doing this wherever they are, it is not concentrated in one area, so right now relative to the number of voters, it's a small database, but we are going to keep compiling it. And if enough people get involved, it will get large enough to be useful, at which point, what we say is that we are open to sharing the information with campaigns that are fighting for racial and economic justice. But, for now, we are just keeping information and putting it back in the hands of the people that are organizing on the ground. Sarah: It has been really interesting to me to see all of these new organizations or formations like Knock Every Door. There are a whole bunch of other things where it seems like you are doing basically what political parties in countries that have functional political parties would be doing. Especially in this vacuum of the Democratic Party not wanting to do some of these things, how do you feel about how all these different formations come together and what they’re building towards? Becky: I think, in some ways, what we are seeing are that people are just way out in front of the politicians and party leaders. With Knock Every Door, one of the things that we wanted to do was make a bold statement saying that this was really important and we need to show that volunteers actually really wanted to do it and to show that the voters at the doors actually want to be a part of the conversation. When we started this, there was no chair of the DNC and now we have people at the DNC talking very passionately about the need to go out, especially in an off year, and knock on every door. We have created a demand to knock every door and we are seeing the party start to talk about it. I think that is progress. Where we are actually seeing the party really get involved and really get involved with these volunteers is several state parties have come to us, where you have someone who works at the state party who went, “This is what I have been wanting to do is knock every door because our lists aren't great,” or “I know we could persuade people.” There are a lot of people that work at state parties who, especially in red states where there are counties where they don’t have staff on the ground in those counties because they just don’t have enough Democratic voters there. For them, this has been this great tool, this great platform where they can say, “I am going to run. I want help to run a Knock Every Door canvass in these counties in my state where we don’t have party staff.” We have been working with state parties about [how] they could get volunteers to start doing this work in places where they are not funded to do it. And really wanting to put this together as a platform and not as a campaign behind a specific idea. We already have ActBlue, which really revolutionized how people can raise small dollar donations to candidates without ever having to talk to staff or not having to rely on a group like the DNC or the DCCC to promote a candidate. We thought, in the same way, what if people could contribute small amounts of doors knocked to a larger strategy and create a platform that would let anybody plug into it and get started and with the hope that like ActBlue, which started slowly but has eventually become this really important part of the infrastructure of the Democratic Party and progressive movements, that setting up a platform where volunteers could be canvassing could really change things. Then finally, this is important too, is that we are turning people on to canvassing and once people start going door-to-door and talking to people, it is pretty addictive. What you find is that people that do it, some of them really get into and do it a lot. It is the kind of the thing where you get better at it the more you do it. We are completely certain that what is going to happen here is that by the time candidate campaigns and maybe some issue campaigns get to the maturity that they are ready to go out and knock on doors for some of the candidate campaigns for 2018, it might not be until the summer of 2018, but when they do, they are going to find these volunteers who have been doing Knock Every Door canvasses, they are going to be ready to come and be their top volunteers and start canvassing for that candidate for that campaign. We think that when the party catches up to the people and they open up their own canvasses for these important races to come that we are going to have a bunch of people that are ready to go, they have been doing this all along, and that can be huge contributors to climbing that hill that we have to climb, which is midterm elections. Sarah: This obviously comes out of your work on the Sanders campaign and the willingness to trust people to go run their own canvass, to do things largely without asking for permission. The tough question will be: How do you decide who is part of the movement and who isn’t? Becky: The folks behind Knock Every Door are working on a lot of things as part of the resistance. This is a certain platform that we thought could be important to all sorts of things that are going on. For example, a lot of the Swing Left chapters and Indivisible chapters are running Knock Every Door canvasses. They have a program, we have a platform to help people with resources to get trained and tools to use and data entry ability and the conference calls where people can debrief together and support each other. In this work we have really said this platform is going to be used by anyone who supports racial and economic justice. But in our other work we are more specifically ideological. There is a real divide in the party right now and all these calls for unity within the Democratic Party, I think they kind of get it wrong, the calls for unity and healing. I think what we actually have [is] groups of people that believe different things. I think we have factions or formations, and the people we generally refer to as the neoliberals, they want to have a few more winners and a few less losers, but they want to keep the current economic system basically the way it is. Then, there are other people that think that financialized capitalism is a huge contributor to gross economic and racial injustice and that we have to take on capitalism and structural racism at the same time. That is incompatible with a party which represents big money and elites in this country. In our other work, we are working on racial justice campaigns. We are working to elect district attorneys who are going to end mass incarceration. We are looking at other municipal and county campaigns where we can stop pipelines and protect voting rights, supervise elections and that kind of stuff. I think that it is important to be clear about what you believe in and to be working for specific solutions, but also I think it is sort of the tax on all of us, or maybe a tithe, that we all need to contribute to creating practices and infrastructure for everyone that is going to lift all boats. And I think that when we have a system or when we are pushing tactics that involve getting more people involved, getting volunteers involved, and talking to more voters that is good for strengthening little-d democracy. This is how we make people more important than money and it is something that we need to work on even as we are pursuing other specific policies. This is why we are really open to this being something we hope is adopted by the parties, no matter where we stand on some of the issues and some of the ideological battles which we are engaged in and that I think are really important, but I think this is important, too. Sarah: I suppose is part of the goal of this is to bring some feedback back to candidates and campaigners about what people actually care about and what people are actually feeling and that should shape what those policy decisions end up being, right? Becky: Yes, I think that is right. I think if campaigns actually heard word for word from voters, and if they tried to talk all the voters—not just a small number of voters they cherry-picked to swing an election—there are a lot of things to take away from the 2016 presidential election. One of the things to take away was how absolutely dangerous it was, that strategy which was going for 50 percent of the vote plus one because there should have been a wide margin between the Clinton campaign and the Trump campaign going into election day. Had there been that wide margin, then the Comey revelations and the other things, they could have gotten it down some, but it wouldn’t have been so catastrophic. The big data strategy is where essentially you hire a bunch of data consultants to run a bunch of models to find out, “What is the smallest number of people you can talk to and win? Who are those people and what do they care about?” We need to talk to everybody. When you talk to a small group of people, they may not reflect back what the campaign needs to hear and about what is really going on with most of the constituents in that race. I think that campaigns need to hear from the majority of the people how policies are affecting their lives. Then, that could really change what politicians decide to talk about and fight for. One of the things that I really learned from talking to people across the country is that the people that are not participating in elections, the so-called “low information voters,” it is not that they are ignorant people at all. In fact, time and time again, when I talk to them I come away feeling like they have a very sophisticated political analysis and they are choosing not to participate in politics. Not because they don’t know, but because their liberation is not on the ballot or they don’t see how voting is actually going to materially change anything in their lives. I think that reestablishing the feedback loop of talking voters is doing an important thing. That the concerns from the people that are not participating can also be something that politicians take into account, not just the narrow slice of voters who they think will put them over the top. Sarah: We are having this conversation shortly before the People’s Summit, which is going to be the second year in a row of this post-Bernie campaign gathering. You are going to be talking. What are you looking forward to about it? Becky: I am really excited about the People’s Summit in Chicago. I feel like it could really be a turning point for the resistance in 2017. I am talking about a couple of things there. One, there is going to be a panel about big organizing after Bernie. Big organizing is this idea of campaigning behind big ideas that are really going to change things and getting as many people involved as possible in making change. And then also, I am really excited to be there because this is an explicit gathering of the left activists who are fighting both fascism and neoliberalism and are involved in a project of political education so that we know not just which races we need to win and not just who we are supporting, but, “What is it that we are actually for and why?” and “How is what's going on right now and is that caused by the deeper issues that are going on in politics?” I am very excited to be part of a movement that cares about this kind of analysis and putting it into action and that cares about bringing movement values into electoral politics. I think we will look back on the People’s Summit in 2017 possibly as a real turning point for the Democratic Party and for the American left at a really dire moment when big change is needed and the country could go in two very different directions. Sarah: How can people keep up with you and sign up to knock every door? Becky: Go to KnockEveryDoor.org. If you sign up at KnockEveryDoor.org, you will get a text message from a volunteer inviting you to be on a conference call where you can talk to people about how you can get started going door-to-door in your community. It is not just about getting some information, it is not just a software site, it is really a community of volunteers that are supporting each other to do this work and we would love to have as many people come and join us as available. You can follow me on Twitter. I am @BBond. Then, you can also find me on the web at RulesForRevolutionaries.org. Interviews for Resistance is a project of Sarah Jaffe, with assistance from Laura Feuillebois and support from the Nation Institute. It is also available as a podcast on iTunes. Not to be reprinted without permission.   Like what you’ve read? Subscribe to In These Times magazine, or make a tax-deductible donation to fund this reporting. Sarah Jaffe Sarah Jaffe is a staff writer at In These Times and the co-host of Dissent magazine's Belabored podcast. Her writings on labor, social movements, gender, media, and student debt have been published in The Atlantic, The Nation, The American Prospect, AlterNet, and many other publications, and she is a regular commentator for radio and television. You can follow her on Twitter @sarahljaffe. if you like this, check out: The UK Elections or: How the Democrats Should Learn to Stop Worrying and Love Socialism Bernie Sanders Supporters Are Taking Over the Democratic Party Machine, One State at a Time How Jeremy Corbyn Pulled Off One of the Biggest Upsets in Modern Political History The Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement Just Won’t Die 10 Years Ago, Connecticut Got Big Money Out of Its Elections. Now Democrats Are Gutting the Program. View Comments Turning Capital Against Capitalism Why We Should Stop Using the Word “Activist” Jeremy Corbyn’s Judgment Day The Entire Public Sector Is About to Be Put on Trial View Full Contents Subscribe to In These Times Only $20/year—that's only $1.67 per month! Get the Latest News & Updates Online Form - Newsletter splash 5 Read More Politics » How Jeremy Corbyn Pulled Off One of the Biggest Upsets in Modern Political History Interviews for Resistance: A Sanders Campaign Vet on How to Connect with Disaffected Voters The Movement » Turning Capital Against Capitalism Why We Should Stop Using the Word “Activist” Labor » News Flash: Wage Workers and Immigrants Didn’t Create Our “Corporate Kleptocracy” The Entire Public Sector Is About to Be Put on Trial Culture » How the Threat of Apocalypse Justifies American Empire When the Bankers Took Manhattan: Austerity’s New York Roots Subscribe now and receive 12 monthly issues for just $20.00—that's 53% off the cover price, or just $1.67 per issue Subscribe Now The stories behind the inequality crisis—from In These Times and Verso Books Learn More x « Read this next The UK Elections or: How the Democrats Should Learn to Stop Worrying and Love Socialism In These Times ABOUT US NEWSLETTERS/RSS CONTACT US REPRINTS ARCHIVES SUBMISSIONS DONATE LEAVE A LEGACY SPONSORSHIPS ADVERTISE PRESS PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBE GIVE A GIFT INTERNSHIPS/JOBS INVESTIGATIVE INSTITUTE COPYRIGHT ©2016 IN THESE TIMES AND THE INSTITUTE FOR PUBLIC AFFAIRS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Money LATEST NEWS Are some BAI officials trying to unsettle Pullela Gopichand? GST: Imported goods may turn costlier Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz SME Sector Startups Policy & Trends Biz Listings Entrepreneurship Money Security-Tech TechnologySecurity Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleLegalSmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development ET Home›Small Biz›Money 04:05 PM | 09 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,26248.70 NIFTY 50 9,66821.00 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,017-114.0 USD/INR 64.240.03 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW SoftBank to buy robot maker robotics business from Alphabet By Bloomberg | Jun 10, 2017, 01.25 AM IST Post a Comment "SoftBank may not have struggled as much if they bought a better robotics company" instead of Aldebaran, Takahashi said. Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You By Pavel Alpeyev and Mark Bergen SoftBank Group Corp. is taking over Google parent Alphabet Inc's robot dreams, buying Boston Dynamics to pursue a future when more machines intermingle with humans. As part of the transaction with Alphabet, SoftBank also agreed to buy Japanese bipedal robotics company Schaft. Terms of the deal weren’t disclosed. Boston Dynamics, bought by Google in 2013 as part of a robotics acquisitions spree, made its name with a series of two- and four-legged machines that are able to stay upright even when pushed or traversing rocky terrain. Videos of the robots, known for their animal-like movements, are popular on YouTube. While SoftBank has already made investments in robotics, those efforts have yet to deliver hit products or pay off. That may change with this new deal. "Boston Dynamics is seen as the best in the world," said Tomotaka Takahashi, a University of Tokyo associate professor and the founder of Robo Garage Co. While there might be some concerns whether it might be difficult to work with the "geniuses" at Boston dynamics, he said, "it will be interesting to see what they come up with when they’re free to conduct research." It wasn't clear whether Boston Dynamics would remain within SoftBank, a Tokyo-based telecommunications and tech investment company, or become part of the Vision Fund, the $93 billion technology investment fund started by SoftBank founder, Masayoshi Son. The fund will allow the billionaire to cut even more ambitious deals than he's been able to do with his highly leveraged company. The Vision Fund already has the right to acquire 25 percent of SoftBank's holdings in ARM Holdings Plc, OneWeb, US-based online lender Social Finance Inc. and US chipmaker Nvidia Corp. This would be Son's second venture into robotics. In 2012, SoftBank acquired French company Aldebaran Robotics SA and two years later unveiled Pepper, a $1,600 humanoid promoted as the world's first robot endowed with emotions. Son envisioned building an ecosystem of apps that would let Pepper man storefronts as well as entertain people at home. But culture clashes between the Japan parent and French engineers as well as challenges of creating artificial intelligence capable of understanding natural language has left Pepper underwhelming and with lackluster adoption limited to Japan. "SoftBank may not have struggled as much if they bought a better robotics company" instead of Aldebaran, Takahashi said. The shares of SoftBank rose as much as 7.7 percent in early trading in Tokyo. The stock was buoyed by Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.'s 13 percent jump in US trading, which boosted the valued of SoftBank's stake in the Chinese e-commerce giant to $105.6 billion. "Typically, when Son makes a big acquisition, the markets are worried," said Tomoaki Kawasaki, an analyst at Iwai Cosmo Securities Co. "If this deal goes through the Vision Fund, no one will fret about the impact on SoftBank’s balance sheet." Alphabet decided to put the company up for sale earlier this year because it didn't anticipate a marketable product in the next few years, people familiar with the company's plans have said. Boston Dynamics was among the largest in a slew of robotics companies that Google bought in a short period. Before the acquisition, the Cambridge, Massachusetts-based company developed large, heavy robots mostly for potential military purposes, through research contracts with US government agencies. The acquisitions, orchestrated by former Android chief Andy Rubin, formed a hodge-podge unit inside the company, called Replicant internally. But the teams never cohered around a singular strategy, and Rubin left Google in 2014. Alphabet shifted all its robotics companies, aside from Boston Dynamics and Schaft, to its X research lab last year. "One of the challenges they've had is that the robotics don't scale as well for mass production," said Gene Munster, an analyst at Loup Ventures. "That's why they never fit with Google's model." Comments(0)Add Comments SoftBank to buy robot maker robotics business from Alphabet To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read SoftBank invests in industrial software firm OSIsoft SoftBank takes $4-billion stake in Nvidia SoftBank's Lydia Jett joins Snapdeal board SoftBank opts out of Snapdeal funding deal READ MORE ONYouTubevision fundSoftbank Group Corp.SoftbankOneWebNvidia CorpGoogle Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Invest in your dream home in India GODREJ PROPERTIES New way to profit from Commercial Real Estate in Bangalore Property Share In conversation with Sam Jain. State Farm InsuranceMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Donald Trump backs H-1B reforms bill: US lawmaker Cisco to buy AppDynamics for $3.7 billion in growth push Interviews, ET Interview | The Economic Times From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer Have You Seen These Top Senior Apartments in Clifton Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads Clifton :  Take $20 Off Your Broken Windshield Replacement Safelite Economic Times launches India’s first Startup awards Latest Business News Headlines | The Economic Times National & Political News - Economic Times BCCI CAC buys more time to decide on India coach Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented GST triggers another '80%' online sale for Flipkart, Amazon How innovations in AI, virtual reality are advancing healthcare in India to new frontiers Flipkart, Shopclues to start sale offers from June 10 Uber fires APAC head for accessing India rape victim’s medical records: Recode Want to work in a startup? But, what about its workplace culture? More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Sat 10 Jun companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features the zuma era #dontlookaway icc champions trophy trump's america durban tourism indaba NEWS POLITICS business business report personal finance SPORT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE MOTORING TRAVEL Multimedia NEWSPAPERS Classifieds Cape Community About IOL Business Report All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement Fake News Challenge: How media industry can regain trust? Business Report | 9 June 2017, 06:54am Wesley Diphoko Recently South Africans have been exposed to a multitude of reports about #GuptaEmails. Some have used these reports to motivate the call for President Jacob Zuma to step down. Some have questioned the authenticity of these e-mails. The fact that some in society have questioned the veracity of these e-mails points to a challenge in society, which relates to the broken trust between society and the media industry. Tell a friend Wesley Diphoko, Online Editor,Business Report (02 June 2017) Everyday society is bombarded by fake news which creates a challenge for even most authentic news and content. This means that even news organisations that try to provide accurate information in the form of news will be confronted with an expressed lack of trust by its intended audience. It means that there’s a need for the media industry to regain the trust of society. The question is: How can the media regain societal trust? A number of organisations are thinking about the solution to this challenge, among such organisations there’s Google. The leading technology organisation Google has just announced its intention to work closely with the media industry. Intention Part of its intention is to assist the media industry to regain the trust of society through its technology. The challenge with this move by Google is that as long as the solution to the media trust challenge is led by entities with commercial interests it will be difficult to built a solution to this challenge. The fact that servers of multinationals such as Google are based in the US creates doubts in the minds of international governments. This will become another source of trust issues, especially with leaders such as President Donald Trump (father of fake news) at the helm of the US, where Google is based. Google understands that to assist in regaining the trust of society in the media industry, data will be at the centre of developing a solution. The only issue is that such a solution should not be led by an entity with commercial interests of such data. The media industry can use data to regain the trust of society by reporting based on facts that can be accessed by society. It should be possible for a reader of #GuptaEmails to view the raw version of the e-mails and also know how the e-mails were obtained. Going forward, the media industry in South Africa therefore needs to develop a neutral entity that will serve as the guardian of data, upon which the industry will base its reports. Society should be able to identify accurate information based on an identifying mark of content that indicates that content is sourced from a credible and neutral entity. This is not a task that should be left to organisations such as Google. It should be an industry-wide initiative in collaboration with the technology industry in its purest form. In my capacity as the head of Independent Media Lab I propose that the technology industry in South Africa should collaborate with the media industry to solve the current challenge of fake news and not leave this issue to organisations such as Google. Wesley Diphoko is the Online Editor for Business Report and head of Independent Media’s Digital Lab. Tell a friend Most Read 1 Why Qatar is being demonised 2 Heavily drugged teen sex slave's mom: 'I have been looking for her' 3 No food for Durban's police horses 4 Moody's downgrades South Africa 5 Boy starves to death while holding on to mother's corpse Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Jun 10, 2017-Saturday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Studymate Englishmate A Google exhibition is showcasing ancient tales hidden in sari weaves Check out 3,000 years of global fashion at the virtual gallery. Among the displays, items from two Mumbai museums. mumbai Updated: Jun 09, 2017 10:37 IST Madhusree Ghosh Hindustan Times An example of textiles produced by various craftsmen in and around Bhuj, Gujarat, as an expression of the aftermath of the terrible earthquake in that region in 2002. (Image courtesy Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya) When you can’t go to the museum, the museum comes to you. A new virtual exhibition playing out on Google reflects 3,000 years of world fashion, and includes displays from two Mumbai museums — the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj and the Bhau Daji Lad. Their exhibits focus on specially crafted textiles passed on from one generation to the next, and variations of the sari, India’s iconic drape, exploring the types of saris, motifs and embellishments and the stories behind each. The exhibition also details the craftsmanship that goes into India’s unique textiles, and the history of cotton in the country. The exhibition is being hosted by Google Arts & Culture, in collaboration with 183 cultural institutions from 42 countries, including the US, UK, France and Japan. It’s called ‘We Wear Culture’. It opened on June 8. And it holds quite a few surprises for the virtual explorer. “You might be surprised to find that the sari, jeans or little black dress in your wardrobe has a centuries-old story,” says Amit Sood, director of Google Arts & Culture. Family heirlooms ‘Potrait of Mrs Dhurandhar with baby (June 1875)’, exhibits the country’s tradition of heirloom textiles. Wedding finery Note the different animals in each gold orb. Benarasi saris are integral to weddings of many Indian communities. This 19th century Banarasi sari is a symbol of how traditional textiles are passed on from generation to generation as a symbol of love and care. The nine-yard drape A picture postcard depicts a woman wearing a traditional brocade sari. Zabla and topi of Jamsetji Tata This outfit was made for a baby Jamsetji Tata, founder of the Tata empire, for his sixth-day ceremony. The ceremony was celebrated at Navsari on March 8, 1839. According to family records the outfit was made of silk. Culture through thread and needle This exhibit, named ‘Chanda talking to a Friend’, dates back to the Sultanate period, 1525 -1575 CE. Tradition on the verge of extinction Kunchi is an heirloom textile from Maharastra which is gifted to a Maharashtrian child during his naming ceremony. This kunchi was stitched by Indu Nene for her son in 1962. It was also worn by her grandson in 1993. It was gifted to the museum in 2013. The tradition is on the verge of extinction. more from mumbai Maharashtra co-op bank facing scam probe to pay teachers’ salaries Jun 10, 2017 01:36 IST First rain makes Mumbai’s air cleaner than Singapore’s Jun 10, 2017 01:07 IST New Horizons, New Courses Promotional Feature Recommended for you Read more Sattriya dance form to narrate the mythological love story of Usha and Aniruddh ITPA revives one of its classic plays, Ek Mamuli Aadmi, to celebrate its 75th year India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Pune Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper interactives Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Farmers’ unrest spreads in MP, SC rules on use of Aadhaar: Top stories to bring you up to date Jun 10, 2017 08:20 IST Multai to Mandsaur: Farmers face bullets despite changes in regime Jun 10, 2017 07:59 IST What cheek! TV news coverage angers many Kashmiris Jun 10, 2017 07:57 IST Kansas man indicted on hate crime charges in killing of Indian national Srinivas... Jun 10, 2017 07:49 IST 26 Assam officers take handwriting test after civil service cash-for-jobs scam Jun 10, 2017 08:17 IST SCO Summit: Need to respect each other’s ‘core concerns’, PM Modi tells Xi Jinp... Jun 10, 2017 00:40 IST Darjeeling bandh peaceful; Mamata says govt won’t tolerate separatist movement Jun 09, 2017 23:57 IST Trump punches back, accuses James Comey of lying to Congress Jun 10, 2017 07:57 IST US calls on Arab states to ease Qatar blockade as crisis deepens Jun 10, 2017 00:32 IST US: Anti-Islam rallies set for weekend worry Muslim leaders Jun 09, 2017 23:42 IST Saudi Arabia led coalition raid kills four Yemen civilians Jun 09, 2017 23:22 IST Comey testimony: Trump says vindicated, detractors allege obstruction Jun 09, 2017 22:59 IST Gulf crisis: Qatar could defend currency for years, its balance sheet shows Jun 09, 2017 21:05 IST Madhesi demand to amend Constitution to be considered only after polls Jun 09, 2017 20:54 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi pune Maharashtra co-op bank facing scam probe to pay teachers’ salaries Jun 10, 2017 01:36 IST First rain makes Mumbai’s air cleaner than Singapore’s Jun 10, 2017 01:07 IST Maharashtra government wants blood donation camps at railway stations Jun 10, 2017 01:06 IST Cataract surgery devices sold at 10 times the market price, Maharashtra FDA wants... Jun 10, 2017 00:58 IST HSC mark sheets show better scores than online results, Mumbai colleges rejoice Jun 10, 2017 00:46 IST English pulled down ISC and ICSE scores, say Mumbai schools  Jun 10, 2017 00:47 IST Acid attack: Mumbai woman arrested for throwing acid at ex-boyfriend Jun 10, 2017 00:35 IST Mumbai cyber crime: Bandra school teacher pays ₹4.1 lakh to help British ‘fiancé’,... Jun 10, 2017 00:29 IST Mumbai LSD case: Court says no to sample retest, grants bail to 5 college stude... Jun 10, 2017 00:40 IST analysis columns editorials authors UK election: Fractured verdict has widened faultlines in Britain Jun 09, 2017 20:17 IST James Comey testimony:The G-Men Take On the Don Jun 09, 2017 19:46 IST UK election result 2017: Why a hung parliament is good news from Britain Jun 09, 2017 16:44 IST ICC Champions Trophy: ‘Sri Lanka played fearlessly and freely against India’ Jun 09, 2017 17:29 IST Why Sushma Swaraj has to intervene so often, even on common issues Jun 09, 2017 14:50 IST VIDEO HIGHLIGHTS: New Zealand vs Bangladesh, ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Jun 10, 2017 01:45 IST ICC Champions Trophy: ‘R Ashwin not in playing XI shows India’s bowling depth’ Jun 09, 2017 21:54 IST David Warner credits Joe Root altercation in 2013 for ‘life balance’ Jun 09, 2017 20:38 IST Champions Trophy: Eoin Morgan backs struggling Jason Roy ahead of Australia cla... Jun 09, 2017 20:11 IST Rahul Dravid calls for BCCI clarity on conflict of interest issue Jun 09, 2017 20:01 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa VIDEO HIGHLIGHTS: New Zealand vs Bangladesh, ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Jun 10, 2017 01:45 IST French Open: Rafael Nadal crushes Dominic Thiem to set up Stan Wawrinka showdown Jun 10, 2017 01:41 IST AIFF set to grant AFC Cup slot to Indian Super League winners: Sources Jun 09, 2017 22:29 IST IOC approves mixed relay for Tokyo 2020 Olympics Jun 10, 2017 01:48 IST India calendar adds to AIFF’s league scheduling woes Jun 09, 2017 22:16 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Pawstruck! Meet the furry cuties who make Bollywood celebs go all mushy Jun 10, 2017 07:40 IST Vidya Balan on completing 12 years in Bollywood: Breaking the jinx of rejection Jun 10, 2017 07:34 IST Chinese star Zhang Ziyi boards Godzilla: King of Monsters, and Godzilla vs Kong Jun 09, 2017 22:20 IST Sanjay Dutt biopic avoids clash with Salman’s Tiger: Lack of confidence? Ranbir... Jun 09, 2017 21:17 IST Classic song about international harmony, Mera Joota Hai Japani, played at SCO ... Jun 09, 2017 20:53 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Want your elderly parents to stay active? Get them a pet dog Jun 10, 2017 08:10 IST Clean-up crews: Meet the guys who scrub the web of nudity, violence, porn Jun 10, 2017 07:56 IST ‘I was 24 the first time. I still feel like ending it almost every night’ Jun 09, 2017 22:41 IST Celebrating classics: NSD’s annual theatre festival Jun 09, 2017 18:35 IST Every stitch has a story: A detailed read for those with a keen eye for craftsm... Jun 09, 2017 17:05 IST Iran raises oil exports to West, almost on par with Asia Jun 09, 2017 20:37 IST Maruti Suzuki stock grows 3% to overtake Infosys, ONGC in market capitalisation Jun 09, 2017 19:46 IST Tata Motors reaches wage deal with Sanand plant union Jun 09, 2017 19:46 IST Trump’s policies could have adverse impact on business: Wipro Jun 09, 2017 19:17 IST Utility vehicles drive auto sales in May, passenger vehicle sales rise 8.63% Jun 09, 2017 19:13 IST CCI rejects Airtel’s complaint against RIL, Reliance Jio Jun 09, 2017 19:08 IST Tata Motors junks designations for hierarchy free culture Jun 09, 2017 18:55 IST Clean-up crews: Meet the guys who scrub the web of nudity, violence, porn Jun 10, 2017 07:56 IST Internet users in India to double to 829 million by 2021, says report Jun 09, 2017 15:29 IST OnePlus 5 to be launched in India on June 22, event to be open for fans Jun 09, 2017 10:21 IST WhatsApp may soon allow you to ‘recall’ message within five minutes Jun 08, 2017 15:46 IST 20 Apple employees arrested in China for ‘selling’ personal data of customers Jun 08, 2017 12:31 IST Lyft to bring autonomous rides to Boston with partnership Jun 06, 2017 19:19 IST In Pics: Apple’s 5 big announcements at WWDC Jun 06, 2017 12:38 IST JNU plans to shift entrance from May to Dec, teachers seek more time to give feedback Jun 09, 2017 23:35 IST Centre plans NEET-like exam for AYUSH courses Jun 09, 2017 23:32 IST Delhi University to start Delhi School of Journalism from this year, admission on... Jun 09, 2017 22:16 IST ‘Sexist’ comparison between e-mails and skirts slammed by DU students, professo... Jun 09, 2017 19:34 IST UP board result 2017: Yogi Adityanath to give away cash rewards to 10 toppers Jun 09, 2017 17:28 IST PHOTOS: Army deployed as clashes rage in Darjeeling Jun 09, 2017 14:54 IST PHOTOS: Kapil Mishra denied entry to Kejriwal’s Janata Darbar Jun 09, 2017 13:54 IST In pics | Take a look inside copperware industry of Kashmir Jun 08, 2017 19:28 IST PHOTOS: Summer of discontent for farmers in India Jun 09, 2017 10:53 IST PHOTOS| Mandsaur protests: Rahul Gandhi detained at Neemuch Border Jun 08, 2017 15:46 IST After Bengaluru lake, Hyderabad drain spills toxic foam Jun 09, 2017 15:50 IST Darjeeling in a state of unrest as GJM & armed forces clash Jun 09, 2017 12:19 IST Rahul Gandhi detained on his way to Mandsaur Jun 08, 2017 17:09 IST Panchayat member allegedly forces worker to enter manhole in Mysore Jun 08, 2017 15:00 IST Fresh pre-monsoon showers lash Delhi Jun 08, 2017 13:10 IST interactives longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
ITBusiness.ca | Business Advantage Through Technology Follow Us Follow @itbusinessca Like us on FacebookContact Us G+ RSS Search for: Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content ITBusiness.ca Menu CMO Digital HR Mobile Operations Leadership Security Tutorials Finance Sports Blogs Events Videos Slideshows Finance Mobility Android Pay launches in Canada as contactless payments continue to soar Brian Jackson @brianjjackson Published: June 1st, 2017 Android Pay launched in Canada on Wednesday, with support from three of the five major banks and support for both credit and debit cards announced. Android Pay is starting its rollout to the Canadian market with ATB Financial, BMO, Canadian Tire, CIBC, Desjardins, National Bank, PC Financial, Scotiabank, and Tangerine. It will be using the tokenization services offered by Visa, Mastercard, and Interac here to authenticate payments, with support for Interac cards expected to go live June 5. Android Pay debuted in the U.S. in September of 2015 and is seeing adoption at a pace of 1.5 million new registrations per month. Worldwide, it’s accepted in more than 2 million locations. Google expects that adoption in Canada could show an even steeper hockey stick curve on the adoption graph. “Users are looking to get more out of their mobile devices and that’s why we’re bringing these services to the Canadian market,” says Spencer Spinnell, the head of emerging platforms at Google Inc. “The U.S. is a fragmented eco-system, Canada, on the other hand, is much more sophisticated. You’ve enjoyed contactless payments for awhile.” Speaking to a room of journalists via video conference from his Silicon Valley office, Spinnell said Google has been interested in launching to the Canadian market from the start of Android Pay. But technology integration takes time, he says. There’s a long list of well-known Canadian retail brands that Google describes as launch partners, from Loblaws, to Sears, to Chapters Indigo. Those are promotional partners to help advertise Android Pay’s availability, as any merchant that can accept contactless payments will be able to accept Android Pay. No set up required. At Toronto’s The Candy Bar, store owner Paola Giavedoni has been using a Moneris POS that supports contactless payment since she opened shop. She looks forward to accepting Android Pay as well, saying it can be more convenient than using cash. “Our transaction is now more about me and you and what you are buying and what you want, and not about the financials, which is great,” she says. “If you want to buy something from my shop, I want to find something that makes you happy when you walk out the door. How you pay for it doesn’t matter.” Giavedoni notices more customers using their phones as a payment option in store. Apple Pay has been broadly supported by banks in Canada since May 2016 and some banks have offered mobile payments functionality on their own Android apps over the past couple of years. Paola Giavedoni, owner of The Candy Bar, says she sees more customers using their phones to pay. Moneris, the most popular POS provider for Canadian merchants, says that one in three of all its transactions processed are now contactless. It predicts that will grow to half of transactions by the end of 2017 because of Canadians’ adoption of mobile wallets. It also says that of 18-34 year-olds, one quarter say they prefer to pay with a mobile wallet. About 85 per cent of Moneris’ 350,000 merchants can accept Android Pay with the contactless payments terminals they already use, according to Moneris. Sanjay Gosalia, the head of financial services at Google Canada, says Google worked collaboratively with its bank partners and networks to launch in Canada. TD and RBC are notably absent from the launch, but expected to begin offering support in the next couple of quarters. Google says that more technical integration is required for those banks. Google doesn’t charge transactions fees for Android Pay. It doesn’t disclose the deals it makes with banks for the service either. But for merchants, they can expect the same sort of transaction fees for a credit card used via Android Pay tokenization as they would as if it were used directly. Android Pay requires a phone with NFC and running Android 4.4. To use it, users just have to set up their payment credentials on their device. After that, they should be able to turn on their phone near any contactless terminal and it will detect it and make a payment under $100 without need for unlocking. For transactions more than $100, users will need to unlock their device. Android Pay differs from Apple Pay, which requires users authenticate each transaction with a fingerprint. Google says that if users lose their phones, they can use Android Device Manager to lock their devices, to prevent them from being used to make purchases. Another minor difference from Apple Pay – Apple Pay generates the payment token on the device in the Secure Element. Android Pay generates that token with a cloud service. Implications for Google Home launch in Canada In our review of using Google Home without it being officially supported in Canada, we mentioned that shopping is one of the few things that Canadians can’t do with it right now. The problem is that Google will only accept U.S. credit cards as payment. With Android Pay launching in Canada, Google will now accept Canadian-based credit cards (and soon debit cards) as payment methods. In theory, that should mean that Google Home users will be able to select that as a payment option within the Google Home app. (This is how it works according to an American user). Currently, if you’re using Google Home in Canada, the payment methods option is hidden from the Google Home settings menu. But when the device is launched in Canada officially later this summer, as announced at Google I/O, it’s possible that launch will include a shopping capability. Google says it’s not commenting on what the Canadian launch of Google Home will look like yet, in terms of services supported. Thanks for your interest, Brian! We have no updates or announcements to share at this time. — Made by Google (@madebygoogle) May 31, 2017 Post to Twitter Post to Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share with Google+ More Articles Hashtag Trending: Canada's fastest growing startup, BlackBerry KeyOne, social media justice Say hello to our new Tech in Sports podcast - 3rd Stringers! Finance, Mobility About Brian Jackson Editorial director of IT World Canada. Covering technology as it applies to business users. Multiple COPA award winner and now judge. Paddles a canoe as much as possible. Follow Follow @brianjjackson on Twitter Facebook Join Brian Jackson on LinkedIn Brian Jackson on Gooogle+ Website Tweets by itbusinessca Related Content York Region tech firms do business globally but partner locally Samsung’s Galaxy Book now available in Canada Joy is bad for business, and other insights from Unbounce’s deep dive into consumer emotions Smartphones the next big machine learning platform, Deloitte says Kinduct Technologies now playing in the big leagues PageBooks Ayelet Baron – Author, speaker and futurist takes us on a journey to the future of work with an engaging series excerpted from her popular columns in ITBusiness.ca Read More GET NEWS AND INSIGHTS CRITICAL TO YOUR BUSINESS Enter your email to receive the IT Business Newsletter and emails of interest from IT World Canada. Keep this field blank ITWC is obtaining consent to send emails. Your information will not be shared outside of ITWC. You may unsubscribe at any time. ITWC | 55 Town Centre Court | Suite 302 | Toronto | Ontario | M1P 4X4 Websites ITWC.ca IT World Canada.com Computer Dealer News.com Direction Informatique.com Publications Digital Security CanadianCIO Computer Dealer News Computing Canada Community Subscribe About Us Contact Us Social Media Tech Videos Tech News Tech Blogs Tech Slideshows Tech Events CMO Digital Find Follow Produced By: © 2017 ITBusiness.ca
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Chrome Beta 60 adds new search widget, limits the Vibration API to combat malware ads, and more [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 8:10pm PDTJun 8, 2017 55 Plus 1 on G+ 124 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares225 Applications Google News Article Contents 1 New search widget 2 No more vibrating ads 3 New context menu 4 New file picker 5 Other features 6 APK Download Chrome 59 was just released, which means Chrome 60 has graduated to beta status. This version includes a few interface changes, like a new context menu and file picker, as well as a new search widget. The Vibration API also has some new limitations to combat malware ads. Let's take a look. New search widget We previously covered Chrome's new search widget, which was developed as a result of an anti-trust lawsuit Russia. Russian search company Yandex claimed that Google violated local competition rules, and the settlement required Google to develop a search widget that could change between search engines. At some point, this will replace the normal Google search widget for Android phones sold in Russia. It uses whatever search engine you have set in Chrome, and starting with version 57, Chrome supports almost any search engine you could want to use. It doesn't appear to have changed since we covered it in Chrome Dev 60. No more vibrating ads You've probably seen those fake full-screen malware ads before - the ones that vibrate your phone. This is possible thanks to the Vibration API introduced a few years ago. I'm sure someone thought that web games would be pretty cool with if they could vibrate your phone, but I've only ever seen it used by malicious advertisements. Starting with Chrome 60, pages will no longer be able to vibrate your device unless you tap on the page first. I still think the Vibration API should be removed entirely, or at least have to ask the user permission first (like camera access), but this is a step in the right direction. In a similar move, the beforeunload JavasScript function will only work if you have tapped on the page. This is also commonly used by malicious advertisements, to show an alert as you try to close the window/tab. New context menu If you're not aware, the 'context menu' is the name of the menu that appears when you long-press a link or image in Chrome for Android. Chrome 60 includes a fancy new context menu, but for now, it's disabled by default. You can turn it on by switching the #enable-custom-context-menu flag to 'Enabled.' So what's so great about this new menu? Not only does it have helpful icons next to each menu item, it has a tabbed interface if you select an image contained in a link. Take a look at the below screenshots:     From left to right: link and linked image in Chrome 59, link and linked image in Chrome 60 There aren't any new menu items, everything just looks cleaner. I like it. New file picker The context menu isn't the only interface element to get a facelift in Chrome 60. There's also a new photo/file picker, which appears when you try to upload a file to a webpage. Just like the context menu, this is hidden behind the #enable-new-photo-picker flag, and must be turned on manually (for now).   Left: File picker on Chrome 59; Right: File picker on Chrome 60 You can tell this is a bit unfinished - I imagine recent photos are supposed to appear on the new popup. Still, it's already an improvement from Chrome 59's picker. Other features As with every Chrome release, Chrome 60 includes several smaller changes that may go unnoticed by most users and/or developers. Here are a few of them: Google previously added support for the paymentRequest API to Chrome, which allowed sites to checkout using Android Pay on Android (I still haven't seen a real site that does this). This will be extended to other payment apps starting with Chrome 60, but apps have to add support for the API. Several non-standard animation functions, like WEBKIT_KEYFRAMES_RULE and WebKitTransitionEvent, have been removed. The WebUSB API is now enabled by default. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 60.0.3112.20 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Chrome Beta Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Chrome Releases blog, Chrome Platform Status Thanks: Kaan Tags chrome chrome 60 chrome beta search widget widget subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Artem Russakovskii Very welcome changes. Thanks, Google Chrome team. Peter You can enable the VibrationAPI changes in Chrome 59 via a flag which is handy. chrome://flags/#vibrate-requires-user-gesture Also same for the new file picker, although it seems quite broken. Launch the file picker, close it, then try to launch it again and it often doesn't work. YMMV. Sruly J I don't really deal with vibrating ads anymore (very rarely), but I'm more thrilled with this change than how Artem feels when he can go a week without experiencing #artemsluck. Jay It's amazing that those spammy malware sites have managed to avoid destruction for so long. I can't wait for the day.. Syukri Lajin I have never seen any website that uses the vibration API except for malwares. Until now, I thought they were using some kind of hack to get the phone vibrating. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I've only seen it used by ads. Oktawiusz Wieczorek I think sites like Facebook use the API for the notifications. So it is not entirely useless. Syukri Lajin Correct me if i'm wrong, but notification uses the notification api, everything related to vibrations is controlled by the OS, the browser simply trigger a notification, it doesn't need the vibration api. Oktawiusz Wieczorek Ok i'm probably wrong. Someone said that under the Chrome Adblocker Article but it seems he was wrong. So yeah the API is currently only for bs. Corbin Davenport You're correct, the notification and vibration APIs are separate. ethd The Jackbox Party Pack series of games uses it for haptic feedback for the buttons. While not required, it is a nice touch. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,.... FeelThePoveR That was literally the only thing that I loved about the broken vibration motor in my phone. Richard Riker don't forget the dino game you get when no internet available (or through chrome://dino). It vibrates on game over :-P Gotmilo greatly needed .. especially since androidpolice blocked adblockers for their websites and i'm still getting popup ads with vibrations.... Jay Even if you've got acceptable ads enabled? needa I don't, and I never do. With or without adblocker. This site is pretty clean. You must have something else going on. On a side note. I started using Fair Adblocker last night. It gives you the standard google adverts, which you can tell it how many you want to see, and gets rid of the rest. You can even selectively get rid of things if you want. I also don't get the popup asking me to give them two cents a view. My1 now they just need to get rid of tracking. why not let the user add keywords or something for ads, so the user doesnt have to get tracked and for god's sake doesnt get haunted with ads for stuff you once bought for your mother needa This blocker has a toggle to block tracking adverts. My1 but since google ads tracks as well iirc wouldnt that immediately ax those ads right into oblivion as well? NeverrKnowsBest It's an issue with Disqus's ads on this site, I've experienced it too. I had them unblocked until it started happening to me. needa It's on your end. You probably have an extension that is telling it to do so. Or something along those lines. I use both Win and Android versions of Chrome to comment on Disqus quite a bit. NeverrKnowsBest No... It's not. Corbin has confirmed on another post that Disqus does this, and others have confirmed it too. I have tried it from my work PC that has no add ons, same issue. needa K. I have to wonder why I don't get them on my tech, or others, and you get them all the time... everywhere you go. Must be because I voted for Trump. NeverrKnowsBest I'm confused now, because you were in the other post, and you outright said you block the ads. So which is it? And I didn't say it happened to me all the time, but it happened in multiple places, at least a handful of times, and that's all I needed to justify my block at the time. needa • 7 days ago "I use adguard. No outbrain. Just an empty spot above the comments section with sponsored content in one corner and recommended by Outbrain in another." http://disq.us/p/1j6tc9x needa • 7 days ago I never thought about Disqus throwing in ads. Sort of makes me feel like an idiot for not seeing what is right in front of me. Now it all makes sense. Thanks. http://disq.us/p/1j6sv03 needa I turn my blocker off every few weeks , for a few days, on the blog sites I frequent. I also don't have an ad blocker on mobile chrome. Pretty sure I touched base on this already in this very conversation. Dracono Not exactly, uBlock Origin on desktop and Brave Browser on mobile work just fine. Mahdi Use Adaway or if you don't want to root you can use DNS66 Nate Is the app shortcut for "New incognito tab" missing for anyone else? It's been gone for a while for me. boop ;) I've always had it. Using Chrome Stable and Canary Damodara Kovie [dkovie] Nice spoiler tag 😉 Nate I'm on the Beta. I just installed Stable and it's still not there. Using Nova Launcher if that matters PI "Vibration API" No more Porn sites with Free Vibrator :D ChikuChakk They will still exploit it LoveHater Unless u touch that site , vibrator lol LoveHater Ok , I got it.It was there API, but it's now more restrictive . Carson Saldanha Why is there always two camera icons in the file picker menu? Willie Chalmers III Someone probably added a duplicate intent when implementing it. Carson Saldanha Yes, but it's been there for ages. It's present even on N. abqnm That search bar doesn't so much as search using the search engine in Chrome as it does just open a quick overlay of the Chrome omnibox on the screen. And it's incredibly awesome. It makes it one tap to open chrome, focus on the omnibox and launch the keyboard. And it's quite fast. bass-ackwards Word to the wise, use Samsung browser, it blows chrome out the water. And I used to use nothing but chrome after experimenting with all the others. Samsung browser is by far the best Lars Jeppesen No PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The Vibration API This was idiotic to ever have been added. Madis The goal was okay, but the execution... I think it would've made sense to combine it with notifications API, so users can optionally enable vibration for site's notifications. Teja I want to login to sites using my fingerprint on Chrome. This works on Samsung browser in Sasmung devices. AndrewNeo I imagine this will be coming in O with the Autofill API. Teja Hope so. NeverrKnowsBest It's hacky, but Lastpass will let you do this now if you don't feel like waiting. Gautham Suki chrome://flags/#enable-custom-context-menu Young Tech Does anybody know how to get desktop-like tabs on Chrome Canary Android ??? Richard Riker you mean that tab bar? It's only on tablets, smartphones have too little space. So no, you can't. Or at least you would need to somehow let the app think it's running on a tablet Эрнесто Че Гевара Can you give a link to wallpaper from the picture which shows new search widget? Corbin Davenport It's from the HTC U11's wallpapers: http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/05/16/htc-u11s-included-wallpapers/ Colin Richardson Used to make HTML5 games at my last place of work. They used the vibration API. but you had to touch the screen to start the game up anyway, so shouldn't be too bad of a change. DragoCubed I don't like the context menu but the limits to the vibration API are brilliant! Willie Chalmers III Why don't you like the context menu? For me, the icons make the list more scannable so I don't have to really read the items. DragoCubed It is good. It just looks weird. All changes take time to get used to. Ernie Not sure if this is a bug with the browser or Android O Beta. But when I go to apkmirror it glitches out. Richard Riker it has to be with the browser. I can't think about anything else then a webview error and Chrome should use its own. Try with the stable version and see if it happens there too Ernie The normal normal build works fine. Just the beta glitches. Richard Riker then you have your answer. The chance that it's an error in O is now pretty small. Peter Miller Chrome's dinosaur endless runner mini-game that appears when you're offline uses vibration when you lose. I don't think that they should remove it entirely, you guys at AP are always too quick wanting to rip website features out of Chrome 😅. I don't even think they should introduce a permission for this, because most users, including myself, are very cautios with granting permissions and would rather deny it if it's not totally necessary, which vibration really wouldn't be in most cases. What I would suggest is that Chrome may ask for permission if a site immediately wants to vibrate when being loaded or wants to vibrate for more than 1 sec in the first 10 seconds or so after the site has been loaded. Also the tabbed context menu is really smart, but hope they also add that you can view the full URL like you currently can or otherwise it would also be much of a step back in my opinion. Richard Riker it seems to be not completely removed. At least in dev 61 it's in flags set as "Requiring user gesture for the vibration API" or at least can be set as that. I don't know what they've done in beta but it seems they are not planning to completely remove it anisite When they should repair the most annoying bug ever ? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a20fe45e613b007d4106ff7c7abc97f7aeae7cddceb31f069f994f9b27a1c0d4.png Richard Riker I think the one where the text selection handles are not showing or only very far off is more annoying. I think it's not in stable, but in dev for very very long time. On beta i don't know. Rod Good news is, they supposedly fixed this in v60. I'm downloading it right now to test. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=719641 Sava D. in this new context thing the actual URL is truncated with no way to see it all as it was before. way to go to redistribute moar malware, yeah. Fitzelgard Allan Gerard Vibrator API, the age of phone dildos is here. Thanks Google. Nicolas Bahamondes You gonna hate the new file picker. Can't choose files under certain site-- hold on, my phone is buzzing... [Bzzzzz] Your Motorola Moto X has (16) virus. Clean your phone installing this garbage. josuearisty When are we getting "Share Link" option? I have been waiting for ages this feature! Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.584s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Release notes for Play Services v11 have been posted with a new API for smooth SMS verification and several significant additions and deprecations Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/06/08 3:32pm PDTJun 8, 2017 13 Plus 1 on G+ 53 Share on Facebook 29 Share on Twitter Total Shares95 Development News Now that Google is through with its biggest developer conference of the year, it's time to deliver a few updates and fulfill some of the promises made during the event. Some of that is happening through an update to Play services. Google posted the release notes for the update and it includes a lot of additions, both big and small, and a few deprecations.   For the non-developers in the crowd, most of this stuff isn't going to matter all that much, but there is one new feature that might catch their interest. A new API will allow apps to perform SMS verifications without accessing the SMS history. It's probably not a big change for users, and developers will still have to implement some changes to their app and server code before it can be used, but it means there will be fewer apps with an excuse to poke around in your SMS messages. There are quite a few changes to the different APIs provided by Play services, and developers should definitely check out the full list here. Here are a few particularly interesting things worth highlighting: SmsRetriever API is the SMS verification API mentioned above. It allows apps to listen for incoming SMS messages intended for them without asking users for permission to read all of their messages. This means phone number verifications can be entirely seamless with no authorization dialogs or manual steps to copy a code from a text message. It works by giving a unique hash to apps so they can pass it back to the developer's server. That hash should then be sent via SMS to the user's phone and parsed by Play services. Once a message with the hash is identified, it will be passed directly to the primary app. The RemoteMediaPlayer class has been deprecated from the Cast API. If you're using the Cast SDK v2, there is a guide available for migrating to Cast SDK v3. As we were told during I/O, all developers are now free to build Instant Apps. Details can be found here. Significant additions to Nearby and SafetyNet APIs, as well as some handy new classes for working with the Fused Location Provider and Awareness capabilities. If you haven't already done it, go to the SDK Manager in Android Studio or the one included with the Android SDK and update the Google repository to get started with the latest APIs. Source: Google API Release Notes Tags api development google play services play services sdk subscribe ... Previous Story Gear S3 Classic LTE now available from Verizon ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Ongoing media notifications are now colored based on album art / ... Trending 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Suicide_Note Yayyy! http://i1063.photobucket.com/albums/t506/bamalamsam/Victorious%20Gifs/yayyyy.gif Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ The strip turned pink? Josh Hoffman I miss the Magnus Hyttsten play services update videos. Last one was for 8.4 Cody Toombs I actually ran into him in the wild at I/O a few weeks ago and told him how much he was missed. He's on a different team now, so we're probably not going to see him around. David Onter > "Significant additions to SafetyNet APIs" I don't trust this part right here Bewear SafetyNet is getting more evil. Trooper311 More like Skynet. Rebeccadgonzalez *EXCLUSIVE OFFER BY GOOGLE*... !ds164c: +$97/hr pay by google, I am making a good salary from home $7500-$9000/WEEK , which is amazing, one year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy, I thank God every day I was blessed with these instructions and now it's my duty to pay it forward and share it with everyone,Here is I started,,, !ds164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleMoneyTree444MarketPlaza$97hourly/Careers... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ds164c:....,...... Daniel Tbh, it's all those rooting apps we're hearing about that made them want to put in all theses APIs. Hackers make the problems, tinkers suffer. That's life I guess. Artem Russakovskii There's one for reCaptcha, for example https://security.googleblog.com/2017/06/making-internet-safer-and-faster.html. Looks helpful. Ryan Hoffmann Wrong link to the API release notes. It should be this one: https://developers.google.com/android/guides/releases but you guys have it linked to your post about Instant Apps instead. Cody Toombs woops, copy/paste error. Fixed it, thanks. Makay Chapulets I run v11 already... On BETA Willie Chalmers III Yep; knew it: http://disq.us/p/1ipjdav Allo probably did use a version of this, after all. I saw a discussion in the FirebaseUI Android GitHub repo that this would be a part of a (then) unreleased version of Google Play Services, and it's good to finally see SMS Retriever API going public. blindexecutioner Fuck your adblock popup, dicks. Hayden7200 Why, because you think these guys should spend all their time writing articles for you to read and not receive a paycheck? It's free to you, so stop acting so entitled. tim242 That doesn't give sites the right to abuse. Kristian Ivanov Abuse what exactly? Randroid When it's a "would you like some site with your ads?" situation, there's no excuse for blocking adblock. Which is basically the case here at AP. Stephen Sharp You would think someone who has an adblocker installed would know how to block one more popup.....just saying... Jsilvermist Whenever I get an anti-adblock popup, I either just block it or disable JavaScript for that site, if both of those things fail, bye bye site. Edit: Also, I run anti-anti-adblock scripts :P Romario Maxwell I saw a trick shared on Quora where you use live editing in the Chrome DevTools to remove the HTML element that is the popup. Randroid Or you can use TamperMonkey for things like that: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo?hl=en Rickinbsb Using Brave is also a good option jcopernicus Messaging is like a rash at Google. Now they're spreading into Play Services. Brian G. "Added the ability to enable immersive mode on full-screen ads by adding the setImmersiveMode() method to the PublisherInterstitialAd and RewardedVideoAd classes." WTH Google! Seems to be an internal Google struggle between "bad" ads and full-screen immersive ads. Rickinbsb people will just start to add fake nav buttons to trick us into clicking the ad Randroid "...through and update to Play services" *an update. Not and update. Follow Android Police 1.49M 474k 146k 120k Latest Deals 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Samsung's Galaxy S8 DeX dock is $134.55 ($15 off) at Amazon 2017/06/09 5:39am PDTJun 9, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Dual SIM Galaxy S8 and S8+ on sale for $639.99 and $727.99 via eBay 2017/06/08 10:44am PDTJun 8, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 6 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 115 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 5 Cubiscape is a free, addictive puzzle game with unlimited levels, multiple difficulty settings, and zero ads [Sponsored Post] 2017/06/09 9:33am PDTJun 9, 2017 52 ADT updates its Pulse security app to lock out rooted or otherwise modified devices 2017/06/09 9:30am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 Blast from the Past 42 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp 2.16.118 Beta Adds Message Quotes And Replies 2016/06/09 10:06pm PDTJun 9, 2016 72 2 Years Ago Today Google Geocontextual Search Live With Multiple Commands, Like "OK, Google - What's The Phone Number For This Place?" 2015/06/09 4:11pm PDTJun 9, 2015 42 3 Years Ago Today Motorola Finally Decides The Photon Q's Fate – Android 4.1.2 Is The End Of The Road 2014/06/09 6:23pm PDTJun 9, 2014 10 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Support Added To Galaxy S4 International LTE (i9505) And Cricket Models, Sony Xperia Tablet Z WiFi 2013/06/09 6:51pm PDTJun 9, 2013 12 5 Years Ago Today Deeper Is A Smart Fish Finder That Wirelessly Connects To Android Devices And Shows Where The Fish Hang Out 2012/06/09 2:01pm PDTJun 9, 2012 4 6 Years Ago Today [Videos] Watch The Official Sprint Photon 4G Press Conference 2011/06/09 9:55pm PDTJun 9, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today Google: No ETA For Official Froyo OTA 2010/06/09 6:44pm PDTJun 9, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 15 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 19 temporarily free and 18 on-sale apps, including 5 Noodlecake Studios games 2017/06/09 9:18am PDTJun 9, 2017 44 Skype's big v8.0 app update is live in the Play Store 2017/06/09 12:01pm PDTJun 9, 2017 58 Android O feature spotlight: Camera app updated to v4.4, with small UI tweaks [APK Download] 2017/06/09 4:25am PDTJun 9, 2017 91 Android O feature spotlight: WiFi and cellular status bar icons switch positions again [order has been restored] 2017/06/09 6:45am PDTJun 9, 2017 Last 7 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 73 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher gets a new teardrop icon shape 2017/06/09 9:46am PDTJun 9, 2017 51 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 93 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 464 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 81 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 89 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 109 queries | 0.508s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Jump to navigation Advertisement News for the Open Source Professional Login / Create Account Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn Feeds Brought to you by News Enterprise Desktop Mobile & Embedded Open Source Linux Kernel DevOps Networking Cloud Computing Tutorials Open Source Pro Learn What is Linux? Training Certification Events Webinars Community Participate Q&A Forums Blogs Resources Newsletter Distributions Publications Infographics Photos Videos Jobs Sam Dean June 6, 2017 Open Source and the Artificial Intelligence Frontier ai-frontier.jpg At leading companies in the technology sector, AI is a huge priority, and many of these companies are open sourcing important tools. Creative Commons Zero Pixabay The open source arena continues to rapidly converge with the field of artificial intelligence (AI). Not only are technology industry titans contributing meaningful tools to the community, but international players and billionaires are making contributions. Meanwhile, some of our smartest people are also laser-focused on keeping AI development open and safe. Interest from China in AI has been ramping up quickly, and Chinese social media and gaming titan Tencent Holdings has just announced that it is opening an AI research center in Seattle, to be headed up by former Microsoft scientist Yu Dong. Reuters cites Tencent, which owns the WeChat messaging app, as Asia's most valuable company with a market capitalization of almost $300 billion. The center’s leader, Yu Dong, was a speech recognition expert at Microsoft. According to MIT Technology Review: "This may be the year in which China starts looking like a major player in the field of AI. The country’s tech industry is shifting away from copying Western companies, and it has identified AI and machine learning as the next big areas of innovation." Meanwhile, Elon Musk has stepped in with the formation of OpenAI, an organization that is focusing on anticipating the challenges that AI will present in the coming years, and keeping AI technology development open. It is a nonprofit organization with the dual mission of ensuring that AI stays safe, and its benefits are as broadly and equitably distributed as possible. Microsoft recently partnered with OpenAI to work on open tools and “democratize AI,” according to the company. You can follow the OpenAI Twitter feed to see just how rapidly the organization’s tools are being integrated with everything from open robotics tools to anti-spam filters. Musk isn’t the only billionaire to be pointing to the promise of AI. In a recent series of tweets aimed at college graduates, Bill Gates said “it’s what I would do if starting out today.” Tech Giants Continue to Deliver Free, Open Tools At leading companies in the technology sector, AI is a huge priority, and many of these companies are open sourcing important tools. Both Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and Google CEO Sundar Pichai have been vocal about their contributions of open source artificial intelligence and machine learning tools. In a Google Founders' Letter to stockholders, Pichai said, “[Artificial Intelligence] can help us in everything from accomplishing our daily tasks and travels to eventually tackling even bigger challenges like climate change and cancer diagnosis." “The biggest thing that we’re focused on with artificial intelligence is building computer services that have better perception than people,” said Zuckerberg, on a conference call. “I think it’s possible to get to that point in the next five to 10 years.” Just this month, Facebook discussed new, open technology that could revolutionize machine translation, resulting in translations that are far more accurate than what is available now. In addition, Facebook has open sourced its central machine learning system designed for artificial intelligence tasks at large scale. It's a proven platform in use at Facebook. And, at the company’s recent F8 developer conference, Facebook also open sourced a new framework for deep learning and AI called Caffe2. Google has open sourced a software framework called TensorFlow that it has spent years developing to support its AI software and other predictive and analytics programs. You can find out more about TensorFlow at its site, and it is the engine behind several Google tools you may already use, including Google Photos and the speech recognition found in the Google app. Meanwhile, Yahoo has released its key artificial intelligence software under an open source license. Its CaffeOnSpark tool is based on deep learning, a branch of artificial intelligence particularly useful in helping machines recognize human speech, or the contents of a photo or video. And, IBM has announced that its proprietary machine learning program known as SystemML is freely available to share and modify through the Apache Software Foundation. The Raspberry Pi community is waking up to the promise of AI as well. Some Raspberry Pi owners are building their own AI-driven voice assistants, and Google has open sourced an AI-driven “Voice Kit” for Pi devices. Previously, I covered H2O.ai, formerly known as Oxdata, which has carved out a unique niche in the machine learning and artificial intelligence arena because its primary tools are free and open source.  You can get the main H2O platform and Sparkling Water, a package that works with Apache Spark, by simply downloading them. These tools operate under the Apache 2.0 license, one of the most flexible open source licenses available, and you can even run them on clusters powered by Amazon Web Services (AWS) and others for just a few hundred dollars. Never before has this kind of data sifting power been so affordable and easy to deploy. H2O.ai’s Vinod Iyengar oversees product strategy at the company. In an interview, he said: “In the last five years the cost of storage has come down dramatically, as has the cost of memory,” he said. “Additionally, anyone can leverage an advanced computing cluster on, say, Amazon Web services, for a few hundred dollars. All of this means that organizations or individuals can take a whole lot of data and produce powerful predictions and insights from the large data sets without facing huge costs.” To learn more about the convergence of open source with machine learning and artificial intelligence, watch a video featuring David Meyer, Chairman of the Board at OpenDaylight, a Collaborative Project at The Linux Foundation. Are you interested in how organizations are bootstrapping their own open source programs internally? You can learn more in the Fundamentals of Professional Open Source Management training course from The Linux Foundation. Download a sample chapter now! Log in or register to post comments Print This Like  (0 likes) Click Here! Advertisement Training See all LFS462 Open Source Virtualization June 19, 2017 Learn more LFD460 Embedded Linux Development with Yocto Project June 19, 2017 Learn more LFD420 Linux Kernel Internals and Development June 26, 2017 Learn more Newsletter Related Jobs Senior Marketing Automation Manager/ Albany, CA / $120k -$135k DevOps Engineer DevOps Engineer/ Software Engineer Cloud Engineer See all Jobs Jobs provided in partnership with Dice.com News Enterprise Desktop Mobile & Embedded Open Source Linux Kernel DevOps Networking Cloud Computing Tutorials Open Source Pro Learn What is Linux? Training Certification Events Webinars Community Participate Q&A Forums Blogs Resources Newsletter Distributions Publications Infographics Photos Videos Jobs About Linux.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Editorial Policy Contact The Linux Foundation is a non-profit consortium enabling collaboration and innovation through an open source development model. Learn More Accelerated by © 2016 The Linux Foundation
