News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Denver Broncos Colorado Rockies Denver Nuggets Colorado Avalanche Colorado Rapids College Sports Outdoors Sports Columnists Preps Preps Scoreboard Golf Motorsports Boxing / MMA Scores and Standings Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Video eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Denver Broncos Colorado Rockies Denver Nuggets Colorado Avalanche Colorado Rapids College Sports Outdoors Sports Columnists Preps Preps Scoreboard Golf Motorsports Boxing / MMA Scores and Standings Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Video Uber fires star engineer, Anthony Levandowski,… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Colorado Springs woman arrested London Bridge attack Wonder Woman soars at box office DIA’s potential $1 billion renovation Ultimate summer bucket list Business Uber fires star engineer, Anthony Levandowski, at the center of self-driving car battle Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Gene J. Puskar, Associated Press A journalist gets in a self-driving Uber for a ride during a media preview at Uber’s Advanced Technologies Center in Pittsburgh Monday, Sept. 12, 2016. By The Washington Post May 30, 2017 at 7:10 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Arrests made at downtown Boulder rally staged by “Western chauvinist” group Men saying “no thanks” to college LoDo: A renaissance owed to Coors Field, urban pioneers and smart politics Colorado mountaineer Chris Bombardier becomes first hemophiliac to summit Mount Everest Colorado Mills workers grapple with hailstorm aftermath: “Crazy how fast it can change your life” Is it fair to view Colorado’s historical ﬁgures through a 21st century lens? (3 letters) By Elizabeth Dwoskin and Craig Timberg, The Washington Post SAN FRANCISCO — Uber has fired Anthony Levandowski, the star engineer at the center of its high-stakes legal fight over driverless cars. Levandowski, the 37-year-old former chief of Uber’s self-driving program, was given notice on Friday, according to a termination letter obtained by the Washington Post. The company cited his failure to comply with a judge’s request that he turn over thousands of documents that he is accused of stealing from Google’s parent company, where he had worked as a senior engineer in driverless cars. Uber said his refusal to hand over those documents — a key piece of evidence in the lawsuit between Uber and Google’s parent company — violated the terms of his employment. Under those terms, Levandowski had to promise that he would not disclose trade secrets or proprietary information from his previous employer when he came on board. The company said his failure to share the documents hamstrung the company’s internal probe. “Consistent with our agreements with you, your employment is hereby terminated for Cause, and that termination shall become effective 20 days from today,” Uber General Counsel Salle Yoo wrote in the termination letter. “Your failure [to comply with legal requests] impeded Uber’s internal investigation and defense of the lawsuit.” But Levandowski has cited his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination as a reason why he will not turn over those documents, which reside on his personal computer. In a statement on Tuesday, his lawyers argued that a person cannot be fired for invoking one’s Fifth Amendment rights. The firing is the latest twist in a case that has pit two Silicon Valley giants over a technology many believe could transform transportation in the United States. Levandowski was a senior engineer in Waymo, the eight-year-old self-driving car program launched by Alphabet, Google’s parent company. Two years ago, Uber began developing self-driving cars on its own. Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick called the program “existential” to the company’s future because it could dramatically lower labor costs. To shore up the effort, Uber brought in Levandowski, after acquiring his months-old self-driving truck startup, Otto. Related Articles June 1, 2017 16-year-old girl is accused of hacking to death Uber driver, who is a former CU student June 1, 2017 It’s official: Colorado passes first law to regulate driverless vehicles June 1, 2017 16-year-old Illinois girl accused of hacking Uber driver to death May 31, 2017 McDonald’s, Uber team up to offer fast food delivery in metro area May 27, 2017 Mother of Uber CEO Travis Kalanick killed in boat accident Levandowski’s firing represents Uber’s latest effort to extract itself from a series of escalating controversies that have consumed and shaken the ride-sharing company, analysts said. Uber has faced a barrage of negative press this year in the wake of high-profile sexual harassment complaints and a slew of executive departures. Kalanick this weekend also faced personal tragedy — his mother was killed and his father was seriously injured in a boating accident. Some legal analysts said Uber may also be trying to regain the good graces of the U.S. District Court in San Francisco, which is hearing Alphabet’s lawsuit against Uber. Until now the company had defended and protected Levandowski, even as a district judge became increasingly frustrated with his decision to not turn over key documents. Uber replaced Levandowski as head of its driverless division in April before firing him Tuesday. The company is trying to show that it is “doing everything in its power to comply with the court ruling,” said Christopher Broderick, an attorney focusing on trade secrets issues with Manatt, Phelps, and Phillips LLP. Levandowski is not personally being sued. The lawsuit between the two tech giants hinges on whether Waymo can prove that Uber was either aware or colluded with Levandowski in stealing the documents. Uber has denied wrongdoing in the case. “Over the last few months Uber has provided significant evidence to the court to demonstrate that our self-driving technology has been built independently,” Angela Padilla, Uber’s associate general counsel for employment and litigation, wrote in an all-staff email on Tuesday. In May, a district judge dealt a further blow to Uber when he referred the trade secrets case to the U.S. attorney’s office for criminal investigation. Levandowski is accused of downloading 14,000 documents from his Google computers onto a hard drive and then uploading them into his personal computer and bring them to Uber. But Uber has also refused to share several thousand additional documents with the court, citing confidentiality rules between attorneys and their clients. It was unclear whether Uber would now share that information. Outside experts have said that the volume of documents being withheld was highly unusual, and Uber’s decision to withhold them had irritated the judge. Tags:  driverless cars Google More Business News self-driving cars Uber Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% More in Business Colorado Mills workers grapple with hailstorm aftermath: “Crazy how fast it can change your life” June 04, 2017, 12:01 am In a tumultuous and terrifying half-hour last month, Jenifer Chinn’s life took a turn as wild and unpredictable as the storm that flung baseball-size hail on to the roof of the building where she has worked for the past 3-1/2 years. Ski industry pleads for increase in foreign worker visa program amid historically low unemployment June 04, 2017, 12:01 am Citing low unemployment rates, National Ski Areas Association asks Homeland Security secretary John Kelly to increase foreign-worker H-2B visa program. Apple is said to be prepping a Siri speaker in bid to rival Google, Amazon June 04, 2017, 12:04 am Soon, a device embossed with “Designed by Apple in California” may be on your nightstand or kitchen counter as well. U.S. Treasury cash supply tight as rich Americans delay paying taxes June 04, 2017, 10:15 am Federal data and anecdotes from tax advisers reveal a significant number of taxpayers are postponing cashing out on investments and other financial decisions, hoping to pay less later if the White House and congressional Republicans pass a huge reduction in tax rates. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Azure Backup cuddles up real close to Windows Server Tintri files for US$100m IPO but warns losses will likely keep coming HPE's cloud server wasting away on low calorie Microsoft sales ViaSat lofts world's most powerful communications satellite into orbit Sage flogs North American Payments biz for $260m Whoops! Microsoft accidentally lets out a mobile-'bricking' OS update Google to give 6 months' warning for 2018 Chrome adblockalypse – report Toyota's entertaining the idea of Linux in cars Goodness gracious, great Chinese 'Fireball' malware infects 250m systems worldwide Social media vetting for US visas go live LIGO physicists eyeball a new gravitational wave Crapness of WannaCrypt coding offers hope for ransomware victims Who's going to dig you out of a security hole when the time comes? BA IT systems failure: Uninterruptible Power Supply was interrupted Performance anxiety: A different take on 'hybrid infrastructure' Ransomware realities: In your normal life, strangers don't extort you. But here you are How do you do, fellow kids? Grandpa Puppet gets down with Docker What happened when 300 DevOps experts took over the QE II? Windows is now built on Git, but Microsoft has found some bottlenecks Twilio packages code boilerplate to woo devs Policy The Channel UK PM May's response to London terror attack calls for regulation of internet companies Walmart workers invited to shuttle packages Pai guy not too privacy shy, says your caller ID can't block IP, so anons go bye The Big Blue Chopper video that IBM might want to keep quiet Bixby bailout: Samsungers bailing on lame-duck assistant Your emotionally absent pic-snapping partner's going to look you in the eye again Samsung's Bixby assistant fails English, gets held back a month Qualcomm names its Windows 10 ARM PC partners Geek's Guide Earth resists NASA's attempts to make red and green clouds ESA astronaut deaccelerates from 28,800kph to zero in first bumpy landing Boffins find evidence of strange uranium-producing bacteria lurking underground Gay Dutch vultures become dads Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Amazon granted patent to put parachutes inside shipping labels The nuclear launch button won't be pressed by a finger but by a bot Virtual reality headsets even less popular than wearable devices Microsoft boosts its AI framework with Cognitive Toolkit 2.0 Verity Stob Utah fights man's attempt to marry laptop German robo-pastor preaches the GNU Testament IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living 37 Security Android apps punched out by Judy malware More than 36 million users feared infected 30 May 2017 at 23:44, Iain Thomson As many as 36.5 million Android users may have been infected by advertising fraud malware that could have been lurking in Google Play Store for years. The malware, dubbed "Judy" by the researchers at Check Point who discovered it, was found in 41 apps in the Store, all made by Korean publisher ENISTUDIO. While Google has now pulled all the infected apps, the discovery and the extent of the outbreak cast serious doubt on the efficacy of the Chocolate Factory's anti-malware checking system, Bouncer. "To bypass Bouncer, Google Play's protection, the hackers create a seemingly benign bridgehead app, meant to establish connection to the victim's device, and insert it into the app store," states Check Point's advisory. "It silently registers receivers which establish a connection with the C&C server. The server replies with the actual malicious payload, which includes JavaScript code, a user-agent string and URLs controlled by the malware author. The malware opens the URLs using the user agent that imitates a PC browser in a hidden webpage, and receives a redirection to another website." The malware then spams out adverts to the infected handset, some of which have to be clicked on by the user to get the home screen functional again. This drives revenue to the malware operator due to all the ad clicks. The news came barely a month after a similar malware infestation in the Play Store was discovered in 49 rogue apps. Once again the malware was able to evade Google's checking systems by using the two-stage attack vector – insert a seemingly innocuous app that can then pull in a payload later on. The Judy case also highlights the importance of checking information on apps before downloading. While many of the infected pieces of software had good ratings from users – at least four out of five in some places – there were also clues in the user comments section about the enormous number of advertisements the apps were generating. Google has made much of the safety of the Play Store in recent years, after a rocky start that saw its online marketplace prove to be a lot less safe than Apple's shopfront. Based on recent history, the Play Store may be gaining its old reputation back. ® Tips and corrections 37 Comments MORE Malware Android Check Point Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register WannaCrypt 'may be the work of North Korea' theory floated Lazarus rising again... or not 70 Comments North Korea clones Facebook, forgot to change default creds Government that already spies on citizens decides it needs a social network 39 Comments South Korea fingers North for defence contractor hack Navy builder popped. 2 Comments So. What's North Korea really like? A look inside the DPRK 54 Comments North Korea hacks 140k computers in planned mass attacks on Seoul Defence docs raided. 5 Comments North Korea unveils its home-grown Netflix rival – Manbang Needs work on the branding 31 Comments Whitepapers Blending Cloud-native and Conventional Applications This IDC InfoBrief, sponsored by Red Hat, reviews ten lessons from early adopters for successful integration of cloud native and traditional applications. Mobile App Security Program Management Handbook Whether you are starting from square one with a mobile app security initiative, have ad-hoc tasks you want to consolidate, or just want to improve an existing program. Achieving the Dynamic Data Center Examining the emergence of clustering in the enterprise data center, and a set of criteria to consider when evaluating options for managing advanced, clustered IT infrastructure. VM Data Protection and Veritas How Veritas NetBackup and virtual machine data protection can help you consistently meet SLAs with near 100% backup and recovery success rate. Most read BA IT systems failure: Uninterruptible Power Supply was interrupted BA CEO blames messaging and networks for grounding IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni The Linux cloud swap that spells trouble for Microsoft and VMware I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living Spotlight UK surveillance law raises concerns security researchers could be 'deputised' by the state Speaking in Tech: Depressing WannaCrypt postmortem edition WannaCrypt: Roots, reasons and why scramble patching won't save you now 3D printing and drones are the tech del día at Spanish startup fiesta Speaking in Tech: Hacking Microsoft Windows? That's cute Machine vs. machine battle has begun to de-fraud the internet of lies Security co-operation unlikely to change post Brexit, despite threats More fun in the sandbox: Experts praise security improvements to Edge Sponsored links Know Your Infrastructure - On Prem and in the Cloud Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video State high court ruling on death penalty could restart executions High Times Cannabis Cup gives Wine Country different weekend buzz At least 10 students kicked out of incoming Harvard class due to Trump may not try to block Comey testimony News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA UN chief announces new talks on Cyprus reunification in June 4 nations cut diplomatic ties to Qatar as Gulf rift deepens Oh the Places You'll Go! Dr. Seuss museum opens its doors Trial set to begin for woman charged in texting suicide case Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win Warriors’ Attles wins lifetime achievement award Names & Faces: Evel Knievel, Novak Djokovic SF’s Chris Mocko wins marathon in Ireland Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Airbnb hosts more likely to reject the disabled, a study finds Move hat making into a US factory? Easier said than done Job growth stumbles in May Blue Apron meal kit delivery service files for IPO A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Rhino’s ‘Priscilla’ keeps Bay Area chintz alive The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Tia Carrere reprises ‘Wayne’s World’ role for Clusterfest Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer 5 amazing food adventures Our favorite places for doughnuts in the Bay Area Where to find free doughnuts in the Bay Area Here's a photo of Lebron James ordering a bunch of food at The Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Summer Camp Guide Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Home in the heart of the city Small cottage on huge lot for $1.195 million in Corona Heights Sweet Orinda home goes pending in 8 days Berkeley’s Oaks Theatre hits the market at $4.25 million Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.thewrap.com/trump-will-not-break-up-silicon-valley-monopolies/ Why Trump Won’t Break Up Silicon Valley Monopolies… ...when the European Union will Susan Seager, provided by Published 4:25 pm, Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Why Trump Won’t Break Up Silicon Valley Monopolies… 1 / 1 Back to Gallery The Trump administration will not try to break up Silicon Valley’s powerful monopolies — Google, Facebook and Amazon. “I have no hope whatsoever,” said USC dean emeritus Jonathan Taplin, author of the new book, “Move Fast and Break Things: How Facebook, Google, and Amazon Cornered Culture and Undermined Democracy.” Taplin describes President Trump as “subservient to” the tech giants, but says President Obama was the same. “Politicians seem to be over-awed by real billionaires,” Taplin told TheWrap. “I don’t even know if Trump is a real billionaire. But I’m certain Peter Thiel, Larry Page and Mark Zuckerberg are real billionaires.” Latest entertainment videos Also Read: 3 Biggest Takeaways From Google I/O 2017 Google’s market power is being investigated overseas, however. In the European Union, antitrust regulators are expected to issue a ruling in the next few months whether Google breached EU anti-trust rules and should be fined. “The EU is pretty much leading that charge,” Taplin said. EU regulators are looking at three possible anti-trust violations: squeezing out rivals in internet searches, through Google’s Android mobile operating system, and with Google’s “AdSense for Search” platform, which produces search results that include advertising. Also Read: Bill Maher Calls Apple, Google, Facebook 'Essentially Drug Dealers' for Addictive Kids' Apps (Video) Google denies the allegations and says it increased competition. Taplin believes that U.S. anti-trust regulators would take a second look at Silicon Valley companies if voters were to elect Democratic Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren as president in four years.  “She’s made monopoly the core focus of her work,” Taplin said. “It’s never healthy in a democracy to have such concentrations of private power,” Taplin said. “We have confronted this problem one hundred years ago, and I am pretty confident that a new progressive resistance is at hand.” Also Read: Google, Facebook Could Lose $2.9 Billion in Digital Ad Sales Google is more than a search engine, Facebook is more than a social media platform, and Amazon is more than an online book store, Taplin said. Facebook and Google are actually hugely successful advertising agencies. The two giants are locked in a struggle to sell the most ads based on legalized spying on their users and selling the data to advertisers, Taplin said. “For the moment, Facebook seems to be winning,” Taplin wrote in his book. “Whichever company can accumulate the most data on you can then sell highly pinpointed advertising at the highest price.” Google and Facebook have disrupted the entertainment and news industries by scooping up most of the advertising revenue, not putting the money back into creating content, and Google’s subsidiary YouTube has not adequately policed pirated works, Taplin said. In first quarter of last year, 85 cents of every new dollar spent on online advertising was paid to Google or Facebook. “So all providers of content, be they musicians, filmmakers, journalists, or photographers, have to deal with Google or Facebook if they want to attract an audience,” he said. Taplin has experience in the music and film industries as the former tour manager for Bob Dylan and The Band, and a film producer for Martin Scorsese, Wim Wenders and Gus Van Sant. He penned a New York Times op-ed about his book last month. The other Silicon Valley monopoly, Amazon, now controls 70 market share of all online new book sales, whether print or digital, Taplin said. Now Amazon is expanding its reach into all kinds of retail sales “You look at even fashion retail, Amazon’s making unbelievable strides in that,” Taplin said. “You’re seeing what the effect is on the mass market retails like Sears and K-mart and they are probably going out of business in the next year.” To dilute the advertising market power of Google and Facebook, Taplin favors a federal privacy law that would require users to affirmatively opt-in to data-mining by online companies — which is key to their online advertising services — instead of the current system of requiring consumers to opt-out. He also proposes a government-ordered break-up of the Silicon Valley monopolies, as AT&T was broken up, and require the licensing of the companies’ patents for free to “create a whole bunch of new firms.” Read original story Why Trump Won’t Break Up Silicon Valley Monopolies… At TheWrap Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. NBA FINALS GAME 2: WARRIORS VS. CAVS With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win Warriors practice becomes A-List event for celebrities 4-year-old Warriors fan is a dead ringer for Steph Curry Guy Fieri brings Flavortown to Game 2, poses with E-40 LeBron has a monster game in losing effort Scenes from Game 2 include Santana's anthem, other celebs LATEST NEWS 10 students kicked out of Harvard class due to bigoted memes Dehydrated hiker rescued from popular trail by helicopter CNN host rebuked for comment to spelling-bee champion Putin, Megyn Kelly have heated exchange over Trump-Russia Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week Photo shows man casually mowing lawn with tornado nearby Trump plays golf with Manning, angering some on Twitter Nobody wants this $29 million mansion near SF's 'Billionaire Row' SF's most expensive house: This $40M modern masterpiece Zillow predicts price decreases in these SF neighborhoods $2.895 million flat in Telegraph Hill Climber makes chilling, unroped ascent of El Capitan Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall 50 'old' movies every young person needs to watch The worst film each year since 1967 Mother paralyzed by tree branch in SF struggles after accident Family of woman badly hurt by branch awaits SF’s help TODAY'S TOP PICKS Famous Bay Area authors' must-read books and lesser-known gems Fun times during the first two days of Clusterfest Alec Baldwin’s advice to Kathy Griffin on Trump brouhaha Most Popular 1 Photo shows man casually mowing the lawn with massive tornado... 2 Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week 3 Nobody wants this mansion near San Francisco's 'Billionaire... 4 CNN host assumed an Indian-American spelling-bee champion... 5 Climber, without rope, conquers Yosemite’s El Capitan 6 Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus in Oakley 7 Opinion: With his London tweets, Trump embarrasses himself -... 8 Celebrities want to see the Golden State Warriors any way they... 9 With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win 10 Zillow predicts 2017 price decreases in these SF neighborhoods LATEST NEWS 10 students kicked out of Harvard class due to bigoted memes Dehydrated hiker rescued from popular trail by helicopter CNN host rebuked for comment to spelling-bee champion Putin, Megyn Kelly have heated exchange over Trump-Russia Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week Photo shows man casually mowing lawn with tornado nearby Trump plays golf with Manning, angering some on Twitter Clusterfest 2017 takes over San Francisco View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Azure Backup cuddles up real close to Windows Server Tintri files for US$100m IPO but warns losses will likely keep coming HPE's cloud server wasting away on low calorie Microsoft sales ViaSat lofts world's most powerful communications satellite into orbit Sage flogs North American Payments biz for $260m Whoops! Microsoft accidentally lets out a mobile-'bricking' OS update Google to give 6 months' warning for 2018 Chrome adblockalypse – report Toyota's entertaining the idea of Linux in cars Goodness gracious, great Chinese 'Fireball' malware infects 250m systems worldwide Social media vetting for US visas go live LIGO physicists eyeball a new gravitational wave Crapness of WannaCrypt coding offers hope for ransomware victims Who's going to dig you out of a security hole when the time comes? BA IT systems failure: Uninterruptible Power Supply was interrupted Performance anxiety: A different take on 'hybrid infrastructure' Ransomware realities: In your normal life, strangers don't extort you. But here you are How do you do, fellow kids? Grandpa Puppet gets down with Docker What happened when 300 DevOps experts took over the QE II? Windows is now built on Git, but Microsoft has found some bottlenecks Twilio packages code boilerplate to woo devs Policy The Channel UK PM May's response to London terror attack calls for regulation of internet companies Walmart workers invited to shuttle packages Pai guy not too privacy shy, says your caller ID can't block IP, so anons go bye The Big Blue Chopper video that IBM might want to keep quiet Bixby bailout: Samsungers bailing on lame-duck assistant Your emotionally absent pic-snapping partner's going to look you in the eye again Samsung's Bixby assistant fails English, gets held back a month Qualcomm names its Windows 10 ARM PC partners Geek's Guide Earth resists NASA's attempts to make red and green clouds ESA astronaut deaccelerates from 28,800kph to zero in first bumpy landing Boffins find evidence of strange uranium-producing bacteria lurking underground Gay Dutch vultures become dads Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Amazon granted patent to put parachutes inside shipping labels The nuclear launch button won't be pressed by a finger but by a bot Virtual reality headsets even less popular than wearable devices Microsoft boosts its AI framework with Cognitive Toolkit 2.0 Verity Stob Utah fights man's attempt to marry laptop German robo-pastor preaches the GNU Testament IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living 29 Business Uber fires robo car exec for insubordination Self-driving star Anthony Levandowski told to show himself out 30 May 2017 at 23:26, Thomas Claburn Uber has fired Anthony Levandowski, the technology exec at the center of Waymo's lawsuit against the ridesharing company that alleges theft of self-driving car secrets and patent infringement. Uber's chief legal officer Salle Yoo dropped the ax on Tuesday in a letter obtained by several media organizations, including The New York Times and The Guardian. Citing Levandowski's failure to comply with a May 15 letter from the company demanding cooperation with a court order to produce documents in the Waymo litigation, Yoo declares that Levandowski has violated his contract and is terminated immediately. Levandowski has the option to reverse his termination by meeting Uber's demands within the next 20 days. Levandowski worked at Google (and later Waymo, once Google moved its self-driving car unit under parent company Alphabet) on self-driving cars before leaving to start a self-driving truck company, Otto, which Uber acquired last year for $680m. In February, Waymo sued Uber claiming that Levandowski, without authorization, downloaded more than 14,000 confidential documents related to LiDAR mapping and navigation systems before leaving Google. In late March, Levandowski asserted his Fifth Amendment right to avoid self-incrimination. At the time, according to The New York Times, Uber maintained that "Anthony Levandowski has not used any files from Google in his work with Otto or Uber." Uber subsequently said it doesn't use the technology in question. But that defense hasn't helped much. In May, the US federal judge overseeing the case ordered Uber to take the necessary steps to ensure that its employees return stolen files to Waymo and barred Levandowski from working on LiDAR or related projects at Uber. In footnotes, Judge William Alsup explained that his order should not be misconstrued as an attempt to punish Levandowski for asserting his Fifth Amendment rights; rather it directs Uber, as a private employer, to take all necessary steps to ensure that its employees cooperate. "If Uber were to threaten Levandowski with termination for noncompliance, that threat would be backed up by only Uber's power as a private employer, and Levandowski would remain free to forfeit his private employment to preserve his Fifth Amendment privilege," the judge wrote. Uber did just that in its May 15 letter. And faced with Levandowski's ongoing refusal to cooperate, Uber has made good on its threat. An Uber representative in an email to The Register said that the company has sought Levandowski's cooperation for several months and confirmed that Levandowski has been fired. Uber employees previously reporting to Levandowski will now report to Eric Meyhofer, who has been in charge of Uber's Advanced Technologies Group since April. ® Tips and corrections 29 Comments MORE Uber Self-Driving Cars Waymo Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register Uber New York class action alleges passengers overcharged $7.43m per month Dial-a-ride d-baggery claimed on passenger side too 26 Comments Uber found to be doing something awful? Yep, it's Tuesday Dial-a-ride house admits underpaying New York drivers 16 Comments It's been a few days, so what fresh trouble has Uber got into now? In West Philadelphia the DoJ raised, an objection to how they kept the cops in a haze 22 Comments Uber cloaked its spying and all it got from Apple was a slap on the wrist Greyball snoopware even 'geofenced' Cupertino 63 Comments Robo-Uber T-boned, rolls onto side, self-driving rides halted Autonomous car was not at fault, apparently 43 Comments Uber is a taxi company, not internet, European Court of Justice advised Now regulate the ass off it 87 Comments Whitepapers Blending Cloud-native and Conventional Applications This IDC InfoBrief, sponsored by Red Hat, reviews ten lessons from early adopters for successful integration of cloud native and traditional applications. Mobile App Security Program Management Handbook Whether you are starting from square one with a mobile app security initiative, have ad-hoc tasks you want to consolidate, or just want to improve an existing program. Achieving the Dynamic Data Center Examining the emergence of clustering in the enterprise data center, and a set of criteria to consider when evaluating options for managing advanced, clustered IT infrastructure. VM Data Protection and Veritas How Veritas NetBackup and virtual machine data protection can help you consistently meet SLAs with near 100% backup and recovery success rate. Most read BA IT systems failure: Uninterruptible Power Supply was interrupted BA CEO blames messaging and networks for grounding IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni The Linux cloud swap that spells trouble for Microsoft and VMware I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living Spotlight How the Facebook money funnel is shaping British elections Your roadmap to the Google vs Oracle Java wars Project Gollum: Because NHS Caring means NHS Sharing Plutus Payroll clients and staff fell for plausible business model fairy tales Drugs, vodka, Volvo: The Scandinavian answer to Britain's future new border UK General Election 2017: How EU law will hit British politicians' Facebook fight Facebook fake news: Sort it out yourself, readers Unpaid tech contractor: 'I have to support my family. I have no money for medicines' Sponsored links Know Your Infrastructure - On Prem and in the Cloud Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Technology Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Home Tech News May 31 2017 Save Print Uber fires engineer Anthony Levandowski in twist to legal battle with Alphabet's Waymo Elizabeth Dwoskin and Craig Timberg facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More ﻿ Uber has fired Anthony Levandowski, the star engineer at the centre of its high-stakes legal fight over driverless cars. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 05:13 Why Uber fired Anthony Levandowski Why Uber fired Anthony Levandowski Anthony Levandowski, the engineer hired to lead Uber's self-driving car efforts is now at the centre of a legal dispute over the technology with Google parent Alphabet. Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 ASX winners and losers - a snapshot ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the ASX captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. Up Next Australia's economic growth conundrum Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:40 Video duration 02:40 Australia's economic growth conundrum Australia's economic growth conundrum Recent retail and capex numbers have shown positive signs of growth but some forecasters are predicting that the March quarter's GDP figures will be heading in the opposite direction. (This video was produced in commercial partnership between Fairfax Media and IG Markets) Up Next The unknown recession Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:53 Video duration 01:53 The unknown recession The unknown recession Australia may have enjoyed more than 25 years without a recession, but as Peter Martin explains, it's been a close run thing. Up Next Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Play Video Don't Play Video duration 06:47 Video duration 06:47 Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Virgin Group founder Richard Branson urges the importance of countries working together to tackle climate change. Up Next Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower Play Video Don't Play Video duration 05:31 Video duration 05:31 Wall Street signals bond yields to remain ... Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower The Australian dollar was around US50 cents the last time the yield advantage was this small. Up Next Scaremongering season Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:15 Video duration 02:15 Scaremongering season Scaremongering season The old rule applies: if an economist makes a dire prediction of doom and gloom, he or she gets plenty of media attention. Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next What to expect from retail sales Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:18 Video duration 02:18 What to expect from retail sales What to expect from retail sales AMP Chief Economist Shane Oliver predicts the risk of another RBA rate cut this year. More videos Why Uber fired Anthony Levandowski Anthony Levandowski, the engineer hired to lead Uber's self-driving car efforts is now at the centre of a legal dispute over the technology with Google parent Alphabet. Levandowski, the 37-year-old former chief of Uber's self-driving program, was given notice on Friday, according to a termination letter obtained by the Washington Post. He was let go after failing to comply with a judge's request that he turn over thousands of documents that he is accused of stealing from Google's parent company, where he had worked as a senior engineer. Uber also said that he had broken the terms of his employment with the company. Under those terms, Levandowski promised that he wasn't disclosing any trade secrets or proprietary information from his previous employer when he came on board. Related Content Uber's CEO, keen to 'grow up', looks for second-in-command The death of Uber - one large investor's bold prediction The firing is the latest twist in a case that has pit two Silicon Valley giants against one another as they battle over the future of transportation. Levandowski was a senior engineer in Google's self-driving car program, which began building self-driving cars in 2009 and is now called Waymo. Uber began developing self-driving cars roughly two years ago, an effort that Kalanick has called "existential" to the company's future because it could dramatically lower labour costs. Kalanick hired the former Google engineer to run Uber's driverless program last summer, after acquiring Levandowski's months-old self-driving truck startup, Otto. Advertisement The news of Levandowski's firing represents Uber's latest effort to extract itself from a series of escalating controversies that have consumed and shaken chief executive Travis Kalanick. The company has faced a barrage of negative press this year in the wake of high-profile sexual harassment complaints and a slew of executive departures. Kalanick this weekend also faced personal tragedy -- his mother was killed and his father seriously injured in a boating accident. The move to terminate Levandowski represents a shift in Uber's legal strategy. Until now the company had defended and protected him, even as a district judge became increasingly frustrated with his decision to not turn over key documents. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, left, and Anthony Levandowski. Photo: AP Levandowski is not personally being sued, and the legal case hinges on whether Waymo can prove that Uber was either aware or colluded with Levandowski in stealing the documents. Levandowski is accused of downloading 14,000 documents from his Google computers onto a hard drive and then uploading them into his personal computer. He has refused to share the documents, citing his fifth amendment rights to protect himself from self-incrimination. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Anthony Levandowski is at the centre of the dispute. Photo: AP Uber has also refused to share several thousand additional documents with the court, citing confidentiality rules between attorneys and their clients. It was unclear whether Uber would now share that information. Outside experts have said that the volume of documents being withheld was highly unusual, and Uber's decision to withhold them had irritated the judge. Levandowski's lawyers are expected to argue that a person cannot be fired for asserting their Fifth Amendment rights, according to a person familiar with the matter. As a condition of his hiring, Levandowski was awarded more than $US250 million ($335 million) in Uber stock. It was unclear whether he would be able to keep his compensation package going forward. The Washington Post Advertisement Most Popular 10-year-old Aussie app developer meets Tim Cook Why your NBN connection may soon speed up Hands on with Sony 4K HDR short-throw laser projector Apple's tricky issue with one of its most popular features Is the afterlife for this world on social media? Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology 10-year-old Aussie app developer meets Tim Cook Apple's tricky issue with one of its most popular features Hands on with Sony 4K HDR short-throw laser projector Why your NBN connection may soon speed up Will NBN's new CVC bandwidth pricing fix congestion woes? Canberra Times Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Man arrested after double hit-and-run in Yarralumla 'Betrayed': Couple's hopes dashed after forking out $10,000 Lara Worthington's very nice payday for 30 minutes of work We sent a plus-size mum to the Fashfest model casting The Sydney Morning Herald London attack: What we know so far John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see The Age Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Margaret Court the guest speaker at Liberal Party fundraiser in Melbourne Knife-wielding terrorists kill seven in bloody rampage How foreign syndicates run the modern-day bank robbery Brisbane Times Woman's leg degloved in horror yacht accident 'Non-viable' twins cling to life amid anger at hospital The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck WA Today Cheesed-off customer slams Perth restaurant's 'European nachos' Muslim students 'told to leave' Convention Centre for making patrons 'uncomfortable' Perth pizza robber said family was hungry Ben Cousins' ex says she committed him to psych ward John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Rising deportations to Somalia raise concerns in Minnesota Twelve arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Does Comey have one more bombshell to reveal on Russia-Trump collusion? As federal order expires, Anoka-Hennepin school district faces new battles Rich Americans delaying tax bills may hasten debt ceiling debate In Yanez jury selection, criteria for ideal jurors 'totally reversed' Twins top Angels 3-2 behind Miguel Sano, Jose Berrios and stout bullpen Julianne Hough gets fans moving in a pop-up visit to Minneapolis yoga studio The Drive: Why troopers, not cameras, are catching HOV lane cheats Canadian man mows lawn with tornado behind him Review: Learning to party the laidback Tom Petty way next Business 425388323 Apple racing to catch up with competitors in artificial intelligence game Their competitors have been aggressive in deploying AI across products.  By Mark Gurman Bloomberg May 30, 2017 — 6:37pm Amazon: The company has pushed to bring artificial intelligence into the home with Echo, which can resolve questions and commands. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence — such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. in the booming field of artificial intelligence. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, Calif.-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures in Minneapolis. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Associated Press photos Apple: It had an early advantage with Siri, but Siri no longer seems cutting edge as competitors have created systems capable of more challenging AI feats. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc.’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016. That chip worked in Google’s data centers to power search results and image recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp. also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear whether the component will be ready this year. Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said. Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, sources said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research.   View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends Does Comey have one more bombshell to reveal on Russia-Trump collusion? Rising deportations to Somalia raise concerns in Minnesota Five great places to see this summer's total solar eclipse Canadian man mows lawn with tornado behind him Woman killed in Mpls. hit-and-run was Minnesota Chorale singer Qualcomm: Apple is pressuring contractors in patent dispute Alexander: Vista updates aren't the real problem Review: The Insteon system is a step up from the Clapper to control lights Review: AirPods are good quality, but at $159, you worry about losing them Inside law enforcement's high-tech toolbox More From Business Variety 3 minutes ago 1st farmer lawsuit on deck against Syngenta over China trade A trial is poised to begin against Swiss agribusiness giant Syngenta over its decision to introduce a genetically engineered corn seed variety to the U.S. market before China approved it for imports. National June 4 Survey: Economists expect slower US growth Forecasts for U.S. economic growth are coming in slightly lower after a weak first quarter, according to a survey of business economists released Monday. Business June 4 Autopsy of brother of man who killed boy inconclusive New York City's medical examiner is still trying to determine the cause of death of the brother of a man now imprisoned for kidnapping and killing an 8-year-old Brooklyn boy nearly six years ago. National June 4 The Latest: Autopsy of brother of boy's killer inconclusive The Latest on the death of the brother of a man imprisoned for kidnapping and killing an 8-year-old boy in Brooklyn (all times local): Business June 4 Pentair, Urban Organics open aquaponics farm in old Schmidt Brewery One of the largest commercial aquaponics facilities in the world opened on the St. Paul site of the old Schmidt brewery last week. Top Stories Rising deportations to Somalia raise concerns in Minnesota Jun. 4 Twelve arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Jun. 4 Does Comey have one more bombshell to reveal on Russia-Trump collusion? Jun. 4 Most Read After crash, North Dakota oil industry shows strong signs of a rebound • Business Investor wins control of Buffalo Wild Wings; CEO Smith says she'll retire • Business Pentair, Urban Organics open aquaponics farm in old Schmidt Brewery • Business Why the GOP reversed its views on climate change • Business An immigrant-owned eatery on reviving Chicago Avenue cooks again • Business World Twelve arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack 2 lions, freed from circuses, are poached in South Africa Nation Excerpts from Cosby's explosive 2005-06 deposition Suspect in Portland attack made life about hate after prison Politics Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Why the GOP reversed its views on climate change markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Twins top Angels 3-2 behind Miguel Sano, Jose Berrios and stout bullpen Sixteen years after No. 1 pick, no regrets for Twins or Joe Mauer Vikings Bradford knows Bridgewater comeback would complicate his Vikings future Hartman: Wright pushes on after mostly invisible season for Vikings MN United Minnesota United gets time to rest, regain lost edge Heath fumes after United 'outfought, outplayed, outrun' at KC Celebrities Bill Maher apologizes for using racial slur on 'Real Time' after backlash Ariana Grande surprises Manchester bombing victims in the hospital Super Bowl LII Local small businesses fight for a chance to cash in on Super Bowl LII Minneapolis scrubs its records to hide site of Super Bowl command center poll Poll: Who do you think is the most popular pro athlete in Minnesota? 10,000 Takes I divorced my husband but forged a lasting bond with his ex-wife Can the 'No Buy' challenge cure my shopping habit? Featured Gallery Wander with the Kangaroos at new Mn. Zoo exhibit 23 photos At the new Minnesota Zoo Kangaroo exhibit there are no barriers limiting interaction. ... Featured Video 75 years later, a casualty of Pearl Harbor comes home 01:46 Seventy-five years after Glaydon I.C. Iverson was killed aboard the USS Oklahoma ... Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals General Election 17 World Finance Celebrity Sport Science & Tech Motoring TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral Google DeepMind is shifting its focus from board games to scientific breakthroughs (GOOG) Sam Shead Business Insider UK 30 May 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Demis Hassabis DeepMindMore Google DeepMind DeepMind — an artificial intelligence (AI) lab acquired by Google for £400 million in January 2014 — is growing up. The research company announced over the weekend that one of its most celebrated research teams will stop focusing on board games and instead start putting their efforts into developing general algorithms that scientists can use to help solve real world problems. These include: finding new cures for diseases dramatically reducing energy consumption or inventing revolutionary new materials Alphabet has given DeepMind the freedom to pursue its research without having to focus on revenues but these new algorithms have the potential to provide Google's parent company with new revenue sources. DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis and lead AlphaGo programmer David Silver wrote in a coauthored blog post: "If AI systems prove they are able to unearth significant new knowledge and strategies in these domains too, the breakthroughs could be truly remarkable. We can't wait to see what comes next." The AlphaGo team is home to some of DeepMind's most impressive computer scientists and several of them have worked on papers that have made the front cover of Nature, an academic journal held in high regard by scientists worldwide. DeepMind already has teams working on healthcare and energy so it's likely that the AlphaGo researchers will simply start working more closely with the existing units. The AlphaGo AI became famous last year after beating world champion Lee Sedol 4-1 in a five game match. AlphaGo beat its second world champion in China last week at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen, thrashing Ke Jie 3-0. View photos Chinese Go player Ke Jie puts a stone against Google's artificial intelligence program AlphaGo during their first match at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province, China May 23, 2017. REUTERS/StringerMore Thomson Reuters "This week's series of thrilling games with the world's best players, in the country where Go originated, has been the highest possible pinnacle for AlphaGo as a competitive program," wrote Hassabis and Silver. "For that reason, the Future of Go Summit is our final match event with AlphaGo." DeepMind plans to publish publish a final academic paper later this year that will detail the improvements it made to the algorithms' efficiency and potential to be generalised across a broader set of problems. Hassabis and Silver added: "We have been humbled by the Go community's reaction to AlphaGo, and the way professional and amateur players have embraced its insights about this ancient game. We plan to bring that same excitement and insight to a range of new fields, and try to address some of the most important and urgent scientific challenges of our time. We hope that the story of AlphaGo is just the beginning." NOW WATCH: Bill Gates is backing the waterless toilet of the future — here's how it works See Also: Conservative candidate Craig Mackinlay charged over election expenses A celebrity trainer reveals why crunches won't give you rock solid abs — here's what you should be doing instead DeepMind's army of AI researchers in Mountain View is now over 20 people strong SEE ALSO: The incredible life of DeepMind founder Demis Hassabis, the computer whiz who sold his AI lab to Google for £400 million Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next This man 'embodied the British spirit' by fleeing the London Bridge attack with his pint Yahoo News UK Osteens Finally Clear Up The Controversial Rumors TheBlaze.comSponsored Eden Hazard: Antonio Conte told me to always find Diego Costa after Chelsea formation switch Evening Standard How much money do top English clubs make? 1993 vs 2017 Yahoo UK Originals One Love Manchester: Ariana Grande tribute show in pictures Cleans Better with Fewer Sheets* CharminSponsored First victim of London Bridge terror attack named as Canadian Christine Archibald Yahoo News UK In pictures: London Bridge terror attack leaves 7 dead and dozens injured American climber becomes first to ascend California's El Capitan with no ropes The Telegraph Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Past votes Theresa May wish you forgot Yahoo UK Originals Millennials are killing chains like Buffalo Wild Wings and Applebee's (BWLD) Business Insider UK Pictures of the week: Surfers, seaplanes and salt lakes This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Who are the suspects behind the London terror attack? The Telegraph Isis says it carried out terror atrocity that hit London Bridge Yahoo News UK By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad What data do YOUR apps reveal about you? Study finds seven out of 10 share information with third party servers These smartphone apps report personal data to companies like Google Analytics Newly installed apps asks for permission before accessing personal information But once an app has permission to collect that information it can share your data  Researchers tested 111 kids’ apps, and found that 11 of them leaked a unique identifier, the MAC address of the Wi-Fi router it was connected to It's easy to search online for locations associated with MAC addresses, and collecting private information about children potentially violates protection laws By Narseo Vallina Rodriguez And Srikanth Sundaresan With The Conversation Published: 19:06 EDT, 30 May 2017 | Updated: 19:08 EDT, 30 May 2017 e-mail 43 shares 13 View comments Our mobile phones can reveal a lot about ourselves: where we live and work; who our family, friends and acquaintances are; how (and even what) we communicate with them; and our personal habits.  With all the information stored on them, it isn't surprising that mobile device users take steps to protect their privacy, like using PINs or passcodes to unlock their phones. The research that we and our colleagues are doing identifies and explores a significant threat that most people miss: More than 70 percent of smartphone apps are reporting personal data to third-party tracking companies like Google Analytics, the Facebook Graph API or Crashlytics. Many mobile apps are written by combining various functions, precoded by other developers and companies, in what are called third-party libraries. Most of these libraries collect sensitive data and send it to their online servers – or to another company altogether APPS THAT SHARE YOUR DATA  Brightest Flashlight (device ID, location)  Toss it game (device ID, location) Angry Birds game (device ID, location) Talking Tom virtual pet (device ID)  Backgrounds HD Wallpapers (device ID, contacts) Dictionary.com (device ID, location) Mouse Trap game (device ID) Horoscope (device ID, location) Shazam music (device ID, location) Pandora Internet Radio (device ID, contacts)     Source: NBC News When people install a new Android or iOS app, it asks the user's permission before accessing personal information.  Generally speaking, this is positive.  And some of the information these apps are collecting are necessary for them to work properly: A map app wouldn't be nearly as useful if it couldn't use GPS data to get a location. But once an app has permission to collect that information, it can share your data with anyone the app's developer wants to – letting third-party companies track where you are, how fast you're moving and what you're doing. An app doesn't just collect data to use on the phone itself.  Mapping apps, for example, send your location to a server run by the app's developer to calculate directions from where you are to a desired destination. The app can send data elsewhere, too.  As with websites, many mobile apps are written by combining various functions, precoded by other developers and companies, in what are called third-party libraries.  These libraries help developers track user engagement, connect with social media and earn money by displaying ads and other features, without having to write them from scratch. However, in addition to their valuable help, most libraries also collect sensitive data and send it to their online servers – or to another company altogether.  Successful library authors may be able to develop detailed digital profiles of users.  For example, a person might give one app permission to know their location, and another app access to their contacts.  These are initially separate permissions, one to each app.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Record-breaking new 'SkyGuardian' Predator drone can stay in... Uber fires ex-Google engineer at center of self-driving... Stunning slow-mo video reveals what happens inside a... Engineers reveal what the Golden Gate Bridge would look like... Share this article Share 43 shares But if both apps used the same third-party library and shared different pieces of information, the library's developer could link the pieces together. Users would never know, because apps aren't required to tell users what software libraries they use.  And only very few apps make public their policies on user privacy; if they do, it's usually in long legal documents a regular person won't read, much less understand. Our research seeks to reveal how much data are potentially being collected without users' knowledge, and to give users more control over their data.  To get a picture of what data are being collected and transmitted from people's smartphones, we developed a free Android app of our own, called the Lumen Privacy Monitor.  It analyzes the traffic apps send out, to report which applications and online services actively harvest personal data. Because Lumen is about transparency, a phone user can see the information installed apps collect in real time and with whom they share these data.  We try to show the details of apps' hidden behavior in an easy-to-understand way.  It's about research, too, so we ask users if they'll allow us to collect some data about what Lumen observes their apps are doing – but that doesn't include any personal or privacy-sensitive data.  This unique access to data allows us to study how mobile apps collect users' personal data and with whom they share data at an unprecedented scale. In particular, Lumen keeps track of which apps are running on users' devices, whether they are sending privacy-sensitive data out of the phone, what internet sites they send data to, the network protocol they use and what types of personal information each app sends to each site.  Researchers used an app called Lumen Privacy Monitor, which analyzes the traffic apps send out, to report which applications and online services actively harvest personal data Lumen analyzes apps traffic locally on the device, and anonymizes these data before sending them to us for study: If Google Maps registers a user's GPS location and sends that specific address to maps.google.com, Lumen tells us, 'Google Maps got a GPS location and sent it to maps.google.com' – not where that person actually is. More than 1,600 people who have used Lumen since October 2015 allowed us to analyze more than 5,000 apps.  We discovered 598 internet sites likely to be tracking users for advertising purposes, including social media services like Facebook, large internet companies like Google and Yahoo, and online marketing companies under the umbrella of internet service providers like Verizon Wireless. We found that more than 70 percent of the apps we studied connected to at least one tracker, and 15 percent of them connected to five or more trackers.  One in every four trackers harvested at least one unique device identifier, such as the phone number or its device-specific unique 15-digit IMEI number.  Unique identifiers are crucial for online tracking services because they can connect different types of personal data provided by different apps to a single person or device.  Most users, even privacy-savvy ones, are unaware of those hidden practices. Tracking users on their mobile devices is just part of a larger problem.  More than half of the app-trackers we identified also track users through websites.  Thanks to this technique, called 'cross-device' tracking, these services can build a much more complete profile of your online persona. Lumen is an app that analyzes the traffic apps send out, to report which applications and online services actively harvest personal data. This graphic shows data transfers observed between locations of Lumen users - (left) and third-party server locations (right). Traffic frequently crosses international boundaries And individual tracking sites are not necessarily independent of others.  Some of them are owned by the same corporate entity – and others could be swallowed up in future mergers.  For example, Alphabet, Google's parent company, owns several of the tracking domains that we studied, including Google Analytics, DoubleClick or AdMob, and through them collects data from more than 48 percent of the apps we studied. Users' online identities are not protected by their home country's laws.  We found data being shipped across national borders, often ending up in countries with questionable privacy laws.  More than 60 percent of connections to tracking sites are made to servers in the U.S., U.K., France, Singapore, China and South Korea – six countries that have deployed mass surveillance technologies.  Government agencies in those places could potentially have access to these data, even if the users are in countries with stronger privacy laws such as Germany, Switzerland or Spain. Even more disturbingly, we have observed trackers in apps targeted to children.  By testing 111 kids' apps in our lab, we observed that 11 of them leaked a unique identifier, the MAC address, of the Wi-Fi router it was connected to.  This is a problem, because it is easy to search online for physical locations associated with particular MAC addresses.  Collecting private information about children, including their location, accounts and other unique identifiers, potentially violates the Federal Trade Commission's rules protecting children's privacy. Researchers tested 111 kids' apps, finding that 11 of them leaked a unique identifier, the MAC address, of the Wi-Fi router it was connected to. This is a problem, because it is easy to search online for physical locations associated with particular MAC addresses. Pictured is a graphic showing how a device’s MAC address can be connected to a physical address using Wigle Although our data include many of the most popular Android apps, it is a small sample of users and apps, and therefore likely a small set of all possible trackers.  Our findings may be merely scratching the surface of what is likely to be a much larger problem that spans across regulatory jurisdictions, devices and platforms. It's hard to know what users might do about this.  Blocking sensitive information from leaving the phone may impair app performance or user experience: An app may refuse to function if it cannot load ads.  Actually, blocking ads hurts app developers by denying them a source of revenue to support their work on apps, which are usually free to users. If people were more willing to pay developers for apps, that may help, though it's not a complete solution.  We found that while paid apps tend to contact fewer tracking sites, they still do track users and connect with third-party tracking services. Transparency, education and strong regulatory frameworks are the key.  Users need to know what information about them is being collected, by whom, and what it's being used for.  Only then can we as a society decide what privacy protections are appropriate, and put them in place.  Our findings, and those of many other researchers, can help turn the tables and track the trackers themselves. Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez, Research Assistant Professor, IMDEA Networks Institute, Madrid, Spain; Research Scientist, Networking and Security, International Computer Science Institute based at, University of California, Berkeley and Srikanth Sundaresan, Research Fellow in Computer Science, Princeton University This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Read more: A shock in the dark: Flashlight app tracks your location - NBC News Share or comment on this article e-mail 43 shares Most watched News videos Patient pup lets owner pile 50 biscuits on her nose without moving Adorable moment orphaned baby kangaroo learns to stand Woman attempts to ride cooler down steep hill at rodeo Cheeky monkey pulls on woman's shirt as she tries to take picture Giant octopus makes desperate bid to escape aquarium Cub causes panda-monium trying to steal crate full of bamboo Cops SLAM teen into sand after massive brawl on New Jersey beach Amazing 'leaked' film of 'alien craft' being tested over Area 51 New video shows US intercepting fake nuke in flight test Stunning footage of old cargo ship sunk in the 1940s Road rage pair kung-fu fight in middle of traffic jam in Malaga Pentagon successfully shoots down a mock nuclear warhead Thirteen Turkish soldiers killed after military... 'Maybe if I had the flux capacitor he would have let me... Indian woman sets fire to wine shop after man's death is... Child's play! Kids play with guns, tanks and mortar... ‘Ceceokok wasn’t the first thing I built': Facebook... Putin goes on the attack over claim he meddled in... Say cheese! Zebra 'bursts out laughing' when an American... Man, 45, is found guilty of libel after ‘LIKING’ a... French woman 'kept her mother's corpse hidden in a... Venezuelan protesters pelt riot police with flaming... Greek goddess of justice statue is removed in Bangladesh... Why time DOESN'T fly when you are having fun:... Now that's a mammoth stunt! Circus performer shows off... Wipe out: Aerial photos show how a stretch of scenic... Heartbreaking footage shows a dead elephant 'with burn... Former Auschwitz guard, 95, dies a year after being... WW2 grenades bought at a German flea market start... College student gets stuck on the subway en route to his... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 13 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Secrets of the Thirty Years' War soldiers exposed: Mass grave of 47 men who died in battle 400 years ago... Shimmering lights spotted near 'Britain's UFO capital' spark rumours of another extra-terrestrial sighting San Diego's Rose Canyon fault is MORE dangerous than thought and could trigger a massive earthquake that... What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a... 'They were hauling a big creature': New footage reveals what Deputy Sheriff said he saw at Roswell, in UFO... MIT scientists say Trump misrepresented their work and didn't check with them when he said Paris climate... The instantly rechargeable battery that could revolutionize electric cars (and mean you'll never have to sit... The 'kill vehicle' that could blast North Korea's missiles out of the sky: Pentagon fast tracks $260m... Siri set to get supercharged as Apple declares war on Amazon's Alexa US Army reveals Cold War Stinger anti aircraft missile will be used to shoot down DRONES in battle against... Want to buy sexy clothes? It might be in your hormones: Women are more inclined to buy raunchy outfits in... LA train tunnel diggers find fossilised hip bone of giant 1,500 pound sloth that roamed the area 11,000... US Navy reveals mini drone that can scour a beach for mines before Marines land What it's like to fly over Jupiter: Astronomers turn just 36 of NASA'S Juno images into a stunning movie Would YOU ride the world's fastest elevator? Chinese skyscraper visitors hit record-breaking speed of 47 mph MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Daddy's not-so-little girl! Danny DeVito is dwarfed by daughter Lucy as they attend Drama Desk Awards in NYC Huge comedy star  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador She looks like a winner! Nominee Kate Walsh sizzles in a satin dress at Drama Desk Awards in NYC The 49-year-old actress wore a silky ivory top 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Pretty little traveler: Make-up free Lucy Hale is casual chic as she dons pink bomber jacket and ripped denim for flight out of LA Has quit alcohol  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  Game Of Thrones fans MIGHT have to wait until 2019 for final season... as HBO cautions there won't be a spin-off any time soon More teasing delays Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting She's a star in stripes! Laura Linney wears wide bright panel dress as she wins top honor at Drama Desk Awards The 53-year-old actress was a star in stripes  Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Stunning 1,600-year-old frescoes are revealed in Rome's biggest catacomb after lasers remove centuries of grime 22 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
The Perfect Gift Book for Dads and Grads. Give them a summer of discovery and wonder. The Atlas Top Destinations Newly Added Places Most Popular Places Random Place Lists Add a Place Newly Added Places View All Places » Zhoushan Shi, China Houtouwan 30.7240, 122.8226 San Francisco, California Tenderloin National Forest 37.7845, -122.4148 Nottinghamshire, England The Druid Stone 53.0968, -1.1360 Minsk, Belarus Cat Museum 53.9037, 27.5586 Top Destinations Countries Australia Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Cities Amsterdam Barcelona Beijing Berlin Boston Budapest Chicago London Los Angeles Mexico City Montreal Moscow New Orleans New York Paris Philadelphia Rome San Francisco Seattle Stockholm Tokyo Toronto Vienna Washington, D.C. SEE ALL 5638 DESTINATIONS IN THE ATLAS Stories BROWSE STORIES BY Columns Features Interactive News Video Visual Most Recent Stories View All Stories » An Egyptian Slab Lost in Berlin During World War II Has Been Found—in Michigan Paging Through the World's Handy, Adorable Orca Catalogs An Entire Small Town in Wyoming Is Up for Auction Inside the Magic Library at the Conjuring Arts Research Center Events Quick Links All Events Explore Events Chicago Los Angeles New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Washington, D.C. Upcoming Events View All Events » Jun 8 Brooklyn Atlas Obscura LIVE! SIN Jun 10 Brooklyn Lebanese Cooking Class in Brooklyn Jun 10 Yonkers The Great Forgotten Garden Party Jun 11 Los Angeles Secret Japanese Village Trips Quick Links All Trips Where We Travel Morocco Venice Ukraine Bhutan Yucatán Chile Bulgaria Upcoming Trips View All Trips » Music and Medinas of Morocco Jun 23–Jun 30, 2017 Hidden Venice with a Psycho-Mambo Twist Jul 10–Jul 16, 2017 Chernobyl by Day, Kyiv by Night Sep 08–Sep 14, 2017 Festivals and Mountaintop Temples of Bhutan Sep 28–Oct 06, 2017 Sign In Join Sign In Join Press Enter ↵ for Place Results City Guides Places Stories Random Place Objects of Intrigue Miniatures World War I Shipwrecks What's near me? Confessions of a Poet-for-Hire Brian Sonia-Wallace is about to become the first-ever Writer-in-Residence at the Mall of America. And this isn’t the first time he’s snagged a corporate sponsorship. by Cara Giaimo May 30, 2017 Email This Article From To Please separate multiple addresses with commas. We won't share addresses with third parties. Subscribe me to the Atlas Obscura Newsletter Brian Sonia-Wallace and his typewriter, working at UCLA in April. courtesy Brian Sonia-Wallace When the poet Brian Sonia-Wallace answers the phone from his apartment in Los Angeles one recent afternoon, there’s clearly a skip in his step. “I ordered a typewriter from 1917, and it just arrived,” he says. “It’s not fantastic, but it was $100, and I’m pretty chuffed with it.” Despite his penchant for old technology, Sonia-Wallace’s literary career has been decidedly contemporary, even futuristic. Rather than shutting himself up in an office and seeking wide publication in literary magazines, he lugs his typewriter out to the street, where he writes poems individually tailored to passers-by. And instead of chasing university jobs, he aligns himself with corporations and other large entities, having served as a poet-for-hire for Dollar Shave Club, Google, and the U.S. National Parks Service. Earlier this month, Sonia-Wallace was announced as the first-ever Writer-in-Residence for the Mall of America. It’s just one of the (paid) adventures he has planned for June—others include a stint writing screenplay fragments on the street for L.A. Tourism, some time in the Poetry Tent at Michigan’s Electric Forest music festival, and that other golden corporate writing assignment, an Amtrak residency. We spoke with Sonia-Wallace about his strategies for keeping poetry alive in a time and place that doesn’t seem too keen on supporting it, and how he keeps snagging all these paid poetry gigs. When did you first know you wanted to be a poet? I’ve been writing all my life, since I was a kid. I went to university in Scotland. I’m from L.A. originally, and I kind of wanted the opposite, so I went to college in a small medieval Scottish fishing village, which I think is about as far from L.A. as you can get. And I would go on walks through the farmland of Fife, and wear a flat cap, and call myself a poet, and write poetry and read it to whoever I was with. That was, I guess, the start. In some ways, it’s kind of a character—it’s a little bit of a game. There’s something really gleeful in being able to tell someone some words you thought of one time, and have them have an emotional response and be invested, and be engaged—and be like, “Me too!” Brian Sonia-Wallace, poet-for-hire, at work. courtesy Brian Sonia-Wallace When did you take the leap and make poetry your full-time occupation? I came back to L.A. after college. I did a lot of artistic internships, and wound up doing a nonprofit grant-writing job, which I think gave me a lot of skills in terms of being able to do a budget, being able to pitch a project—how to do planning and reporting when, at the end of the day, you’re working with other people’s money. So that was a huge and unforeseen [step in that direction]—something that wasn’t what I’m doing now, but definitely led to it. Through that, I kind of went: “I’m raising money for other people to make their thing. Could I raise money for myself to make my thing?” And so in 2014, I left my job and I started doing art independently. The poetry wasn’t actually the first thing that I landed on—that came a number of months in. I’d been doing a lot of different poetry actions. I do writing workshops in a park with a bunch of friends on typewriters, and we’d post the poems around the neighborhood. The idea was to create guerrilla art galleries, putting poetry in people’s everyday lives in public spaces. I’d been playing with that. But then in September 2014, I ended up having a commission for a theater piece that got cancelled. So I was like, well I can either get a minimum wage retail job, or I can try writing poems on the street. What was life like as a roaming poet-for-hire? I was just trying out writing everywhere. Showing up to farmer’s markets, showing up to art gallery openings, going to taco truck festivals. Just like, “Where are there people who maybe are interested in spending a little bit of money and having an experience?” I write poems based on customer requests. I remember in that first month, writing a poem for a 6-year-old in a parking lot at night. [The words of his request] are in other subsequent poems, which I think is why they stick in my mind. He said, “I want a poem about ‘I love you Grandpa,’ because he just passed.” So there was this incredibly adorable 6-year-old, and then also, his mom was right there with him, so her dad had just passed away. Writing something at his level that would also affect her, and that would be a tribute to someone who I had never met—it was a really interesting challenge. The poet and one of his poems. courtesy Brian Sonia-Wallace A surprising number of people want poems about their dogs. I guess that’s a thing that people need poems about. A lot of people just get whatever’s important to them, which is kind of an interesting exercise—just going around in public and asking people, “What’s important to you?” How did this more recent phase of your career get started? I’d done the poems-on-the-street thing a couple times before, and I had a sense of what I would make in tips. I ended up making California minimum wage before taxes. That was my benchmark. And then that ended up parlaying, in a really organic way, to people I’d met on the street going, “Oh, my company is having this party! Let me see if I can get some money for you to come write for us here.” Or, “I’m having cocktail hour with the city planners, let me see if I can bring you in as a special treat for the guests.” I think about what I do as poetry as a service, or literature as a service. And I’ve done events where I’ll be next to the bartender, or next to whatever other kind of entertainment is there. There’s something that I love about taking something that we think of as so inaccessible—“Who understands poetry anyways?”—and being like, no, this is something you might want, three drinks in, before going on with your night. It tickles me to mess with that perception a little bit. I’ve done a bit of work with people who have found me online. My personal site miraculously ended up having really good Google Analytics. It’s on the first page of results if you Google “hire a poet.” There was one old guy who called me, and he was like, “I need a poem for my friend’s wedding in three hours. Can you do that?” And I was like “Whoa, you actually caught me on a good afternoon. Tell me about your friend.” When did you first start working directly with companies? There were two [residencies] at the beginning. One of them was from a woman on the street who said “Oh, you know what, I actually do marketing for Dollar Shave Club, and we’ve been talking about having a weekly haiku column. Do you write haikus?” I was like, “Yes, of course I write haikus.” So I worked with them for a few months as the resident poet—not going into their offices, but writing a haiku column for them. It was the lifestyle section—stuff that people who buy the razors might also be interested in. They were interested in doing new releases in film and music, so I would write micro-teasers: Here are all the cultural things that are happening that you might be interested in, but you’re probably busy, so here’s five haikus about them, and you can decide which of them you want to look into more. It was great. It was an interesting mix of having to do research and cultural journalism, but within constraints. A view of the Santa Monica Mountains. The Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy is another of Sonia-Wallace’s past sponsors. CameronK23/CC BY-SA 3.0 Around the same time, the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area, which is just north of L.A., was having an artist-in-residence program. It specifically was targeting kids, and the woman who runs it has a background in youth education work, and is really interested in, “How can we have artists engage youth with the mountains?” So I worked with them, I worked with an after-school program, and we brought late elementary school kids up to the mountains. They all wrote their own plays and short works and performed them based on that experience. The funny thing about residencies—there’s this [misguided] idea of what a residency actually means. A lot of times it’s just what they’ll call artistic projects, or the idea that it’s an ongoing piece of work. So Amtrak and Mall of America will be the first two really where it’s been residential, where I’ll actually stay in a place that’s being provided. What interests you about these opportunities to embed somewhere specific and write? My background is in a lot of devised and site-specific theater. And so when I think about a lot of the work that I do now, it’s really in the vein of site-specific poetry. It’s something we don’t do, it’s not a thing—but maybe it should be! Maybe there are interesting ways of, through the connection with place, revitalizing this art form. On Instagram, one of the hashtags to get you into the poetry world is literally #poetryisnotdead. And it’s both sweet and super depressing. I’m like, ‘Whoever said poetry died?” [Puts on “sad poet” voice]: “I can’t get paid, it’s not a thing, I’ll just teach English”—I mean cool, but also, does it have to be that way? There are more improbable worlds. With site-specific poetry, you can take this tradition that, if you want—and I totally use this in all of these residency applications—you can stretch it back to the Dharma Bums riding the trains in the time of Kerouac and Allen Ginsberg. You can stretch it back to medieval bards wandering town to town, singing and writing songs about the town. And maybe some friendly nobility will give you money, and then you’ll praise them for a while, and then you’ll keep moving on. I see a really nice lineage there with what I’m trying to do as an artist working on making money from poetry. What’s your game plan for the Mall of America? What are you excited about? I’ve been talking to them a little bit about my environment. It’s really nice as an independent artist who so often scrounges, not necessarily just with resources, but with collaborator time. It’s hard to collaborate with a group of artists who all have six jobs. It’s great to have a designated team where it’s like, this is what they do. They’re the staff at the Mall of America. They’re like, “Oh yeah, what do you want for a backdrop? Let me make you some Pinterest boards?” Cool, you’re going to make a thing for me, and I just have to tell you what I want? Yeah! The Mall of America’s entrance. Michael Ocampo/CC BY 2.0 So we’ll see what we end up going with. I’ll have some sort of writerly backdrop. I’m interested in creating a little literary-retreat-oasis space, where it’s me on the typewriter, but there’s also some chairs and tables around where people can sit and watch me write. Having some books on them, maybe a take-one-leave-one library. We’ll see how it evolves, but the idea is that it’s more than just a writer sitting and writing. I’ve had some really interesting experiences doing corporate events, where people want to hang out. They don’t want to just get a poem and go on with their day. They want to share their writing, or talk about their favorite book. So we’ll be curating that a little bit. I am contractually obligated—and I love saying contractually obligated in this context—to be at that desk writing for four hours a day. My goal is to write 20 to 25 poems a day. One of the things I talked to the Mall about, is I said, “Hey, we’re not spending money on travel [because of the Amtrak residency]—do you think we could take that money and use it to bring in local artists as well?” We haven’t finalized or released the names yet, but I’m super excited. It’ll be a different artist from a different discipline for the last two hours every day. I’ll have been writing for a couple hours before that, so I’ll have some work they can respond to. We might do some on-the-spot collaboration. At this point, you’ve gotten all kinds of coveted corporate poetry gigs—Dollar Shave Club, the National Parks, the city of L.A., various music festivals, Amtrak, and now the Mall of America. What’s your secret? I think one of the reasons I got this residency was that within my pitch, I made really clear the different generational reactions to what I do. Working on a typewriter, I get nostalgia and I get novelty, along an age line. They’ll either really be taken back, and they’ll want to tell the story of how they learned to type, or how they used the typewriter to type their college essays. Or they’ll be younger people who just think typewriters are super high-tech because they print while you write. I always make a really bad joke—I always say it’s the new MacBook Pro. It’s the worst dad joke, but it works every time. In general, I don’t have an advanced degree in poetry. I’m not the most literate person in contemporary poetry. I think the key at the end of the day is understanding who you’re writing to. If I’m talking to a corporate client, I understand they have corporate needs. I’m not going to tell them, “Well, I’m writing Moby Dick, and it’s going to be the next great American novel, and you guys need to sit down for 10 years while I do that.” That’s not going to work. Sonia-Wallace takes his job on the road. courtesy Brian Sonia-Wallace I think we glorify this idea of the creative process as sacred, and the artist as sacrosanct, and that money corrupts, and that pure art should be free from all influences. At the end of the day, I just think that’s bullshit. If you believe that the personal is political, and that art is necessarily political and either progressive or counter-progressive, you have to accept that there’s always going to be a lot of influences pushing on any given work. So it’s kind of interesting to embrace those influences as being very public. I’m not trying to hide them. I’m not going to be like, “I wasn’t in the Mall when I wrote these poems.” I’ve been writing a lot about this lately, which I think is in part as a result of applying to these residencies: How can something that’s commercial still be intimate and personal and true, in a human way? Why align yourself with corporations at all? What role do you see them playing in the future of poetry? So many of the residencies I see—even submissions for literary stuff—are really this pay-to-play model. There was one that I was super excited about, where a group of artists go to the Arctic Circle, [but] it’s about $10,000 of cost to the artist. And that’s a fantastic thing for folks who either have a project that will make money that needs them to do that, or people who have that income lying around to do a vacation with some interesting product. I understand why it works in terms of the economics, but the result is just that the cultural producers pay money, and the cultural disseminators make a little money. I don’t think anyone’s getting rich off of the backs of writers—they’re just barely squeaking along by themselves. At the end of the day you end up with this weird, I want to call it a “trickle-up effect,” where the little money that artists are making, they’re spending trying to get their art out there. There’s not necessarily a career in that. And there’s this hope that you’ll make it, and you won’t have to pay anymore—but I don’t quite understand the pipeline, which is why I’ve kind of avoided it. I do a lot of arts advocacy work as well, at the city level. I’m a huge proponent of art as a good unto itself, and something that’s worth supporting. When I went to the U.K., Labor was still in power… and the context and the cultural understanding of what art-making means, and who is a patron of the arts, and who art is for, was much broader than it is in L.A., and in the U.S. at large. France has the idea that their biggest export is culture—I would argue that the U.S.’s biggest export is also culture, but we don’t necessarily call it that. And maybe we should think about curating, I guess, a little bit more, and think about the idea that the public has a role in curating the aesthetic and the culture of a place, and that the public’s representative is the government, and therefore the government maybe has a role, too. I’ve definitely embraced this idea of corporate poetry. I love the idea of showing private companies that poetry can add value to their bottom line, and having them bring poetry in, and enabling poets to maybe not make a full livelihood, but to have a good portion of their career supported by some of these gigs. So I see what I’m doing as broader than any single residency. If there are a couple of competitions, that’s great. But ideally what I’d love to do is, like, “Hey, Mall of America, holy crap, that was awesome—you got so much media time, you got so much community goodwill. You should do this every year.” That would be ideal for me. And then other people see that, other people start replicating it—if we can build a network of private enterprise supporting the arts and recognizing where artists can come in independently and work with them in a way that’s mutually beneficial, I think that’s about as good as we’re gonna get under a system of late capitalism, and a Republican president and Congress. Is there anything you’re nervous about going into this Mall of America gig? The thing I’m worried about, and working on problem solving for, is how to manage the flow of people. Obviously, as many people as possible who want a poem should be able to get a poem. But also I’m one guy, and the Mall is a large place, and this has had a decent amount of publicity. So I’m really interested in the challenge of how to curate who those people I’m writing for are—how to make sure that I’m being fair and accessible, but also that I’m having real interactions, rather than just jotting off three lines as fast as I can. The Mall of America’s enormous Nordstrom, which does not scare Sonia-Wallace one bit. Tony Webster/CC BY 2.0 As far as the writing—one of the really nice things about Amtrak, about Mall of America, about all of this is, I’ve done public writing in so many weird places that I’m not worried about that aspect of it. I did a gala last Friday night where I was outside, and I had to keep a door open to get light because none of the lamps and lights and stuff reached the area that I was. So I was sitting in this open doorway of light. I’ve really worked in many and varied writing conditions. And so I’m not like, “Oh, it’s going to throw me to be next to a Nordstrom.” I think the Nordstrom will be fine. This interview has been edited and condensed. #malls#money#literature Read Next How Noble Rot Makes for a Better, Peachier White Wine Recent Stories An Egyptian Slab Lost in Berlin During World War II Has Been Found—in Michigan Safe and sound, 70 years later. Paging Through the World's Handy, Adorable Orca Catalogs A who's who for the orca set. An Entire Small Town in Wyoming Is Up for Auction Anyone wanna buy a hamlet? Related Stories story malls Touring a Deserted, Dystopian Mall in Pennsylvania Once a mighty retail hub, Century III is now hauntingly empty. February 22, 2017 story atlas job board The Mall of America Is Looking for a Writer-in-Residence Must be willing to deeply immerse in the Mall's atmosphere. February 20, 2017 story malls Sold, for $100: A Massive Shopping Mall Once Valued at $190 Million The Galleria at Pittsburgh Mills had fallen on hard times. January 20, 2017 story malls The Battle For The Crown Of America's Best Shopping Mall June 10, 2015 From Elsewhere Recent Stories An Egyptian Slab Lost in Berlin During World War II Has Been Found—in Michigan Safe and sound, 70 years later. Paging Through the World's Handy, Adorable Orca Catalogs A who's who for the orca set. An Entire Small Town in Wyoming Is Up for Auction Anyone wanna buy a hamlet? Enjoying This Story? Get our latest, delivered straight to your inbox by subscribing to our newsletter. Subscribe to our newsletter and get our latest, sent right to your inbox. Subscribe Thanks for subscribing! Related Stories Found: A Billion Rubles Dumped at an Abandoned Mining Operation Found: A Lost Wallet, 13 Years Later Found: Mystery Safe Unopened for 40 Years The Atlas Recently Added Most Popular Random Curious Facts Add a Place Events Upcoming Events Upcoming Trips Stories Columns Features Interactive News Video Visual Company About Contact Us FAQ Work With Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscribe to the Atlas Obscura Newsletter and get our latest, delivered straight to your inbox. Thanks for subscribing! © 2017 Atlas Obscura. All rights reserved. © 2017 Atlas Obscura. All rights reserved. Questions or Feedback? Contact Us Add Some Wonder to Your Inbox Every weekday we compile our most wondrous stories and deliver them straight to you. Subscribe No Thanks We'd Like You to Like Us Like Atlas Obscura and get our latest and greatest stories in your Facebook feed. No Thanks Like Us on Facebook
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Nighttime, early morning bombings in Baghdad kill 31 US Navy SEAL plunges to death after parachute malfunctions in NY harbor → Google Search just got a lot more personal Posted on May 30, 2017 by Sunfire BGR – by Chris Smith Google already tracks everything you do while inside any of its online services to make money off your data. The trade-off is worth it, many people will argue. Even if Google is able to learn a lot of details about you, it offers invaluable services including Gmail, Google Maps, and search. So if you’re already letting Google aggregate your data, you should know that Google Search now puts this particular skill to good use for you. The Personal tab might not be immediately obvious to users, but it’s right there on Google Search, buried inside the More option.   Image Source: Google When you search the web, Google categorizes the results. You might be looking for All results for a query, or just for Images, Maps, or News. That’s right, that’s the menu where you’ll find the More option. So what’s inside the Personal you ask? Well, the tab will show you relevant results that contain the keywords, but these results come from your Google usage. The Personal tab shows you results that are only visible to you for any items, and they can originate from Google Photos, Calendar or Gmail. Google Drive support isn’t included, The Independent notes, but it’s possible that it’ll show up in the future. The Personal tab might not show up for all Google users at this time, but it should appear to all users shortly. If you want to prevent Google from delivering any private results, you can simply go to your Google Account in the Search Settings area and tick the Do Not use private results option in the Private resultssection. The personal search results should show up in search only when you’re signed in. So if you want to guard your privacy, you should sign out of your Google account on computers shared with others if you want to use this new search option. http://bgr.com/2017/05/30/google-search-personal-results-tab/ Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 562 ← Nighttime, early morning bombings in Baghdad kill 31 US Navy SEAL plunges to death after parachute malfunctions in NY harbor → One Response to Google Search just got a lot more personal # 1 NWO Hatr says: May 30, 2017 at 3:47 pm “So what’s inside the Personal you ask?” NSA/DHS. Probably Mossad, too. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 1 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Angel-NYC on London attacks: Fatalities after vehicle and stabbing incidents Angel-NYC on London attacks: Fatalities after vehicle and stabbing incidents Katie on Crooks Drag Woman Through Gas Station Parking Lot During Robbery mary in ND on Crooks Drag Woman Through Gas Station Parking Lot During Robbery Angel-NYC on London attacks: Fatalities after vehicle and stabbing incidents Millard on Why is ISIS Operating in the Philippines? NC on London attacks: Fatalities after vehicle and stabbing incidents Katie on Summer Storm Keeps Building as Second Dip of Great Recession Approaches NC on Why is ISIS Operating in the Philippines? NC on London attacks: Fatalities after vehicle and stabbing incidents BMF on Thugs and Terrorists … With Badges Katie on Crooks Drag Woman Through Gas Station Parking Lot During Robbery Enemy of the State on Thugs and Terrorists … With Badges Ben on Donald Trump Signs Bills Assisting Law Enforcement: ‘We Are Behind You 100 Percent’ Enemy of the State on Crooks Drag Woman Through Gas Station Parking Lot During Robbery 'ol stew bum on Doctors Are Now Warning: If You Use Aluminum Foil, Stop It Or Face Deadly Consequences mary in ND on Crooks Drag Woman Through Gas Station Parking Lot During Robbery mary in ND on Doctors Are Now Warning: If You Use Aluminum Foil, Stop It Or Face Deadly Consequences mary in ND on Doctors Are Now Warning: If You Use Aluminum Foil, Stop It Or Face Deadly Consequences ricci on Top Illuminati Grand Wizard: “We Control Islam and We’ll Use It to Destroy the West.” (WW3) Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Dozens of Android Apps Infected with Korean Adware Marshall Honorof Senior Writer Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) May 30, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share One of the easiest ways to avoid malicious software on Android phones is to install apps only from the Google Play Store. Google vets every program that crosses into its storefront, and the vast majority of them are perfectly safe. (Even if the vast majority of them are also perfectly banal.) Credit: KiniwiniMore Credit: Kiniwini Still, a clever developer can sneak something dangerous into otherwise innocuous code, and that’s just what Korean game-maker Enistudio Corp., part of a larger Korean company called KiniWini, may have done. "Judy" isn’t only the mascot for the company’s casual games; it’s also the name that security researchers have given to a well-hidden strain of adware that could compromise your phone's performance. If you've got an app from Enistudio, you might want to delete it. Israeli security firm Check Point investigated what it called "The Judy Malware," although the "malware" label is debatable. While the Judy apps do indeed install shady software on your phone and do so without your knowledge or explicit permission, they don't actually harm your phone, steal your data or compromise your privacy. Rather, the Judy apps are adware — programs that hog your phone’s resources to generate ad-click revenue for dubious paymasters in distant corner of the world. MORE: Best Android Antivirus Apps The good news is that Google has already removed the Judy apps from the Play store — all 50 or so of them. While the vast majority of Judy apps were casual games from Enistudio starring the eponymous pink-haired mascot, a handful were finance, music, calendar or fashion apps from other Korean developers. You can scrutinize Check Point’s blog post for a full listing of the offending apps, but even if you’ve installed one, you don’t have to worry. Simply uninstalling the program will take the adware with it. Avoiding similar apps in the future may be a more difficult proposition. Check Point explains that some Judy apps had been in the Play Store for years, and up to 18.5 million people may have downloaded the various programs. Most of the apps had positive, organic user reviews. The adware may have been part of a recent update, or it may have been part of the software since the beginning — Check Point can't tell for sure. (It appears that the malicious code was added to each app after installation.) The episode is a dismaying reminder that while Google Play’s security protocols may be good, they’re not perfect, and even a minor breach can affect millions of users. The best way to avoid malicious Android apps is to install them only from legitimate sources, such as the Google Play Store, but that would not have helped in this case. An Android antivirus program may have caught the programs’ suspicious behavior — or not, since the programs weren’t technically compromising the phone or the information on it in any way. The sad truth is that there’s no surefire way to avoid every piece of unwanted software on the internet. Sometimes, all you can do is use common sense, install an antivirus program and hope for the best. See also : 33 Simple Ways to Avoid Getting Hacked Best Password Managers 15 Android Security Tips Best VPN Services and Apps Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech Get a softer clean while using less* CharminSponsored How to install Android apps on your Windows computer, the easy way Digital Trends Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech All the news we expect from Apple's huge developers conference Yahoo Tech 15 Hot Weather Girls Who Love To Show Off Their... www.hooch.netSponsored Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech A Card Now Offering a $200 Bonus To New Customers NextAdvisorSponsored Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech Verizon just upgraded its prepaid plans with more data for less money Digital Trends Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech What Happens To Your Body After Drinking This? VitaCupSponsored New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech Troubled News Anchor Does The Unthinkable On Air SportingzSponsored The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech 'Need for Speed Payback' puts players on the road to revenge this November Digital Trends How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech An Insane Card Offering A 0% APR Until August 2018 NextAdvisorSponsored The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech
Membership Options Reports Services Newsletters Events Download: PSFK NYC Retail Guide SIGN INSIGN UP menu Explore by Retail Retail> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All Advertising Advertising> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All Design Design> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All consulting Events Membership Reports Get our Newsletter About Google Versus Apple: A Clash To Excel In Augmented And Virtual Reality Augmented & Virtual Reality Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Abhinav Girdhar, CEO of Appy Pie, looks at how the tech giants are developing technology to compete for market dominance in AR and VR products PSFK Op-Eds 30 may 2017 Augmented reality and virtual reality have taken the world by storm. One recent report predicts that AR and VR headset sales will ring up around $36 billion in annual revenue by 2027, nearly 10 times the expected annual revenue rate for AR and VR devices for 2017. It’s been a long time coming, though. While AR and VR were introduced in the 90s by video game manufacturers like Nintendo and Sega, the technology and adoption of the technology didn’t really start to take off until 2012 and 2014, when Oculus VR came out with the Oculus Rift and Facebook bought the company, respectively. With the increasing innovation and Facebook’s stamp of approval, a.k.a. its acquisition of Oculus VR, a slew of hi-tech companies showed interest and presented some cool demos, providing users with a thrilling experience that blends the real with the virtual. This included startups like Magic Leap, to tech giants like Google, Apple and Microsoft. At this point, it’s safe to say there is no question: AR and VR are the wave of the future. What is in question, however, is which company will end up winning the AR and VR war, which seemed to be on everyone’s minds after Google CEO Sundar Pichai introduced Google Lens at its Developers Conference last week. With the help of its Google Assistant, it can now make use of the smartphone camera to display relevant content by analyzing one’s surroundings. This is compared with Apple, which is also not so far. Apple CEO Tim Cook is excited and serious about augmented and virtual reality, and has considered it as a game-changer that is going to become a part of daily life. As rumormongering continues, it is quite clear that both Apple and Google are working to bring the most out of this innovative technology, which will surely cause a huge clash in the future. To help understand who will be the future leader of AR and VR, I’ve shared some thoughts below. Virtual Assistant Though Apple’s virtual assistant Siri is a crowd pleaser, Google’s voice search tool is more accurate and provides better response than Siri.  While Apple is working on making Siri more accurate and smarter, it is still way behind in the race compared to Google. So, with the next-gen Google Assistant, which identifies real-world objects with Google Lens, it is clear that Google has an upper hand over Apple for now. Second Quarter: Uniquely Designed AR Smartphones   The future of Apple depends on AR and VR technology; therefore they are putting in extra time and effort to create unique AR-optimized smartphones and wearables that enable persistent and smooth augmentation of the real world. Though others, including Google, Microsoft and Facebook, are giving Apple a run for its money in the AR world, when it comes to developing impressive smartphones and wearables, Apple is the leader. Virtual Reality Google is all set to dominate the AR and VR world with VR headsets, VR-ready phones and two AR phones, while it is rumored that Apple is ready to launch virtual reality in its upcoming iPhones. Whatever the final outcome, it’s certain that users will get to experience amazing AR- and VR-enabled smartphones and wearables in the future. As of today, Google beats Apple in virtual reality, but with AR iPhones in the future, a tough competition is sure to emerge in the AR and VR world. Augmented Reality Tim Cook considers augmented reality as big an idea as smartphones and according to him, Apple is set to launch AR featured smartphones in the market very soon. After the iPhones, AR glasses are further down the road, which will be backed with the ability to capture objects and provide contextual information based on the real world. As of now, Apple is still working on its AR and VR products, while Google is far ahead and planning to go big with its Google Assistant, Google Lens and Google Home. A multitude of AR and VR gadgets have been introduced in the market. Some of them were big hits, while others weren’t able to keep up with the pace of this evolving technology in order meet users’ expectations. Although the above points put Google at the forefront of AR and VR technology, one never knows what Apple has in store. With multiple future plans, it looks like Apple and Google will surely dominate the market—but to what extent, no one knows. Abhinav “Abs” Girdhar is CEO of Appy Pie. A Cloud-based Mobile Application Development Software, Appy Pie allows anyone with no technical knowledge to create free mobile apps. Lead image: Young man and woman sitting at a table and using virtual reality goggles via Shutterstock +abhinav girdhar Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Apple Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +augmented reality Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Facebook Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Google Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +google assistant Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +google lens Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +iphone Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Oculus VR Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +op-ed Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Siri Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Tim Cook Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Virtual Reality Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending Moisture-Responsive Gym Gear Cools You Down As You Sweat Ido Lechner, Home Editor Posted May 30, 2017 Design & Architecture Cities june 2, 2017 Copenhagen Cycle Jams Tackled With Electronic Information Panels Advertising june 2, 2017 Analyze Your Dating Life By Turning It Into Data Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: CES 2016 Guide Augmented & Virtual Reality june 2, 2017 VR Could Help People Quit Smoking Fitness & Sport june 2, 2017 This Water Bottle Aims To Be A Complete Wellness System Analysis & Newsletters Get Our Newsletter: Non-members can sign up for a free dose of daily and weekly insights. Related Expert Tikva Morowati Experience Designer, Product Strategist Retail june 1, 2017 Topshop's Oxford Street Store Features A VR Slide Design & Architecture june 2, 2017 NYCxDesign: Designer Uses Rain To Create One-Of-A-Kind Textiles Technology june 2, 2017 JetBlue's Facial Recognition Provides Paperless Boarding Guides DOWNLOAD: PSFK NYC Retail Guide - Exploring Innovation Within A Global Retail Hub PSFK Op-Ed may 29, 2017 Connected Product Experts: How Consumer Brands Can Build A Smarter Product PSFK Labs may 26, 2017 Download PSFK's New York City Retail Guide AI june 2, 2017 Artificial Intelligence Will Soon Be Solving Crimes In The EU Food june 2, 2017 Pepsi Places Snapchat Barcodes On Millions Of Bottles PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Membership Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Health june 2, 2017 VR Could Help People Quit Smoking Fashion june 2, 2017 Sustainable Sneaker Made From Algae Videos Framing The Future…Live: Membership includes full access to our video archive of thought-leaders. Arts & Culture june 2, 2017 Amazon Gives Emerging Playwrights $5 Million To Write Stories For Audible Debriefs DOWNLOAD: The Food Debrief - Cognitive retail for anytime, anywhere convenience Home june 2, 2017 Aluminum Solar Blinds Power Eco-Friendly Apartments Design & Architecture june 2, 2017 Fully Modular Sunglasses Change To Match Your Outfits Events & Webinars Join Fellow Change-Makers: Meet other like-minded members at our inspiration sessions every month. Design june 2, 2017 Concept Shows Off The Zero-Waste Kitchen Of The Future Baby Boomers june 1, 2017 London's 'Downsizer' Homes Cater Exclusively To The Over-55 Crowd Advertising june 1, 2017 Chill Out With Your Feline Friend And Enjoy A Cat Wine No search results found. daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts pdf download Shared 10 20 posts pdf download VR Could Help People Quit Smoking Advertising Statistics [News] A Senator Just Introduced The First-Ever National Gig Economy Bill [News] Whole Foods to open free-standing restaurant in Midtown on June 1 [News] T-Mobile launching its flexible ‘Digits’ plan on May 31st [Stat] The gig economy workforce will double in four years [News] Study finds mushrooms are the safest recreational drug [News] Gillette Rival Schick to Launch Online Shave Club [News] Kik’s new cryptocurrency will let minors make in-bot purchases [News] German heavy metal fest builds beer pipeline to keep revellers pumped [News] Burger King and Taco Bell (YUM) are adding beer to fast food menus [News] James Corden is getting his own Snapchat show, the first from CBS [News] Google now knows when its users go to the store and buy stuff [Insight] Amazon’s Latest Market Disruption: 1.7 Million Free Bananas [News] Hound Labs raises $8.1 million to combat stoned drivers with cannabis breathalyzers [Inspiration] Sweden is adopting new tack to bring in tourists [News] Peach Becomes Japan’s First Airline to Accept Payment in Bitcoin [News] Chinese Online Retailer JD.com Is Developing Heavy-Duty Delivery Drones [Infographic] 50% of Gen Z ‘Can’t Live Without YouTube’ [Stat] New Report Shows What Diners Want from Technology in 2017 [News] Parsons Designs Clothes for People of All Abilities [News] Scientists 3-D Print Mouse Ovaries That Actually Make Babies [News] San Francisco is considering legislation that would ban sidewalk delivery robots [Insight] Web-Retail Startups Turn for Growth to Bricks and Mortar [Quote] Farfetch North America president Jeff Fowler: ‘The store of the future will never be finished’ [News] Social Native raises $8 million for user-created advertisements [News] These Mushrooms Can Turn Plastic Waste into Food [Insight] Inside India’s Plans To Leapfrog The Western Model Of Car Ownership [Insight] Retail Automation: Nearly Half of all Retail Jobs Could Be Lost [News] Tesco Introduces Shopping-Filter App For Customers With Diets And Intolerances [News] PepsiCo has experimented with mealworm powder for its snacks and drinks [News] McDonald’s expands delivery to more than 1,000 locations Sign Up Newsletter Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Custom Research Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions + get the new report Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: YouTube Android app gets a new bottom navigation bar in latest update Newsby John Callaham5 days ago 20 1096 36 Android fans of the YouTube app will soon notice that the main navigation bar will be moved from the top to the bottom of the app. This is part of the latest update to the YouTube app, which began rolling out today in the Google Play Store. See also: How to download YouTube videos for offline watching 2 weeks ago In a post on its product forums, Google stated that this new update for Android will make the YouTube experience more consistent across its mobile platforms (the new UI is already available on the iOS app). The navigation bar on the bottom now shows the Home, Trending, Subscriptions, and Library options. By the way, the Library section has now been separated from the previous Account option, which can now be accessed on the top bar of the app in the profile icon, along with Settings. Any videos you have uploaded or purchased are in the Library section, while also including your YouTube watch history and playlists. The bottom navigation bar should be available on all YouTube app pages, with the exception of when you actually watch videos. Google adds that the YouTube Android app will also remember where you left off on each tab, which should make it easier to navigate the sea of videos when you go back to, say, the Home section. Keep in mind this update has just started to roll out for the YouTube app, so it may take a few days for it to reach your device. If you already have this new design, what are your impressions of the new nav bar on the bottom? Let us know your thoughts in the comments! Get it at Google Play News YouTube YouTube  Google Forums  Android Police John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Show 20 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 14 hours ago25 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Slate Sign In Sign Up Uber Has Axed the Engineer at the Center of Its Legal Blowup With Google Over Self-Driving Cars Uber Has Axed the Engineer at the Center of Its Legal Blowup With Google Over Self-Driving Cars Slate Sign In Sign Up ASU | NEW AMERICA | SLATE Learn more about Future Tense » Slate Future Tense The Citizen's Guide to the Future May 30 2017 5:47 PM Uber Has Axed the Engineer at the Center of Its Legal Blowup With Google Over Self-Driving Cars By Ian Prasad Philbrick   Levandowski at the Uber Advanced Technologies Center on September 13, 2016 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. AFP/Getty Images Anthony Levandowski, the embattled Uber engineer at the center of a legal showdown with Google, has been fired, according to an internal email sent to employees and reviewed by the New York Times on Tuesday. Levandowski’s canning stems from several torturous months of litigation between Uber and Alphabet, Google’s holding company, that thrust the engineer’s purported improprieties into the spotlight. Waymo, the self-driving car division that Alphabet spun off into its own corporate entity last December, launched the suit in February. As I wrote earlier this month, Waymo claims that shortly before Levandowski left his position with Google X (Alphabet’s moonshot project research lab), he made off with 14,000 documents’ worth of proprietary navigation technology critical to the development of better autonomous vehicles. Advertisement Levandowski’s short tenure with Uber began last July, after the San Francisco-based company acquired Otto—the self-driving truck startup he founded after leaving Google—for a reported $680 million. Levandowski then helmed Uber’s Advanced Technologies Group, the company’s internal autonomous car division, until April, when he stepped aside amid PR fallout from the lawsuit. Although he is not named in the suit, Alphabet’s allegation that Uber knew about and abetted Levandowski’s theft has turned him into a pivotal figure in the case. TechCrunch reports that Levandowski’s firing followed “months of the company attempting to have him comply with and assist its own internal investigation into the matter.” On May 15, the company’s top brass sent Levandowski a brusque letter reminding him that failure to abide by its directives with regard to the case could result in his sacking. The letter read in part: As a condition of your employment at Uber, you must comply with all of the requirements set forth in this letter. If you do not agree to comply with all of the requirements set forth herein, or if you fail to comply in a material manner, then Uber will take adverse employment action against you, which may include termination of your employment. But Levandowski had been less than cooperative. Business Insider reported Tuesday that in the weeks before his firing, he invoked the Fifth Amendment and hired outside counsel. That insubordination was apparently enough for Uber to let him go, according to the Times. On May 11, Judge William Alsup of the U.S. District Court for Northern California denied Uber’s motion for private arbitration, guaranteeing that two tech titans’ legal slugfest—which may air the true extent of Levandowski’s alleged misdeeds—will play out in full view of the public. Even as Uber throws Levandowski under Alphabet’s (self-driving?) bus, the ride-hailing company has resolutely stood by its own innocence. “Over the last few months Uber has provided significant evidence to the court to demonstrate that our self-driving technology has been built independently,” the company’s associate general counsel for employment and litigation, Angela Padilla, wrote in an email to employees quoted by the Times. “Over that same period, Uber has urged Anthony to fully cooperate in helping the court get to the facts and ultimately helping to prove our case.” Levandowski’s dismissal is another self-inflicted bug on Uber’s proverbial windshield. The company is also facing unwelcome scrutiny following a string of mostly avoidable self-owns, including a criminal probe launched by the U.S. Department of Justice earlier this month, plucky industry rivals plotting to undermine its profits, and allegations that its heady workplace culture—led by hard-charging CEO Travis Kalanick—failed to discipline employees who regularly harassed their female co-workers. Future Tense is a partnership of Slate, New America, and Arizona State University. Ian Prasad Philbrick is a Slate contributor. Follow him on Twitter.   Load Comments Powered by Livefyre Slate Sign In Sign Up FOLLOW SLATE Twitter Facebook Instagram SLATE ON IPHONE ANDROID KINDLE Reprints Advertise with us ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK WITH US USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY FAQ FEEDBACK CORRECTIONS Slate Group Panoply Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2017 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. Slate Slate Sign In Sign Up
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Rising deportations to Somalia raise concerns in Minnesota Twelve arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Does Comey have one more bombshell to reveal on Russia-Trump collusion? As federal order expires, Anoka-Hennepin school district faces new battles Rich Americans delaying tax bills may hasten debt ceiling debate In Yanez jury selection, criteria for ideal jurors 'totally reversed' Twins top Angels 3-2 behind Miguel Sano, Jose Berrios and stout bullpen Julianne Hough gets fans moving in a pop-up visit to Minneapolis yoga studio The Drive: Why troopers, not cameras, are catching HOV lane cheats Canadian man mows lawn with tornado behind him Review: Learning to party the laidback Tom Petty way next Business 425388143 Uber fires star engineer at heart of self-driving dispute Technology executive is at center of legal battle over trade secrets.  By Mike Isaac New York Times May 30, 2017 — 6:20pm New York Times taking the fifth: Anthony Levandowski has asserted his Fifth Amendment rights in Uber’s battle with Waymo. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint SAN FRANCISCO – Uber has fired Anthony Levandowski, a vice president of technology and the star engineer leading the company’s self-driving automobile efforts, according to an internal e-mail sent to employees Tuesday. Levandowski’s termination, effective immediately, comes as a result of his involvement in a legal battle between Uber and Waymo, the self-driving technology unit spun out of Google last year. Waymo claims that Uber is using trade secrets stolen from Google to develop Uber’s self-driving vehicles, a plan aided by Levandowski, a former longtime Google employee. Uber has long denied the accusations. But when Levandowski was ordered by a federal judge to hand over evidence and testimony to that end, he asserted his Fifth Amendment rights, seeking to avoid possible criminal charges, according to his lawyers. Uber has been unable to convince Levandowski to cooperate. “Over the last few months Uber has provided significant evidence to the court to demonstrate that our self-driving technology has been built independently,” Angela Padilla, Uber’s associate general counsel for employment and litigation, wrote in an e-mail to employees. “Over that same period, Uber has urged Anthony to fully cooperate in helping the court get to the facts and ultimately helping to prove our case.” Uber and Waymo are locked in competition as they develop autonomous vehicles, considered by many to be the future of transportation. The outcome of the case may affect who wins or loses in perfecting the technology, which has also attracted other technology companies, automakers, start-ups and components manufacturers. In recent weeks, Uber has tried to minimize the fallout internally around its self-driving research arm. Levandowski voluntarily stepped down from reporting directly to Uber Chief Executive Travis Kalanick, and has recused himself from any decisions made on lidar technology, a critical component in autonomous vehicles. That has not been enough. In a court ruling last week, U.S. District Court Judge William Alsup, of the Northern District of California, who is presiding over the case, barred Levandowski from any work on lidar and ordered Uber to produce a timeline of the events leading to Levandowski’s hiring, including all oral and written discussions about lidar technology. Alsup also ordered Uber to do what it could to ensure the return to Waymo of any files that were thought to be stolen, including the possibility of terminating Levandowski’s employment at Uber. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends Does Comey have one more bombshell to reveal on Russia-Trump collusion? Rising deportations to Somalia raise concerns in Minnesota Five great places to see this summer's total solar eclipse Canadian man mows lawn with tornado behind him Woman killed in Mpls. hit-and-run was Minnesota Chorale singer Qualcomm: Apple is pressuring contractors in patent dispute Celebrity news: Allison Janney fights panic attacks Cars take place with PCs and smartphones as threat to privacy If you're poor, you'll pay more for car insurance, study finds Waymo, Lyft to team up on self-driving vehicles More From Business Variety 3 minutes ago 1st farmer lawsuit on deck against Syngenta over China trade A trial is poised to begin against Swiss agribusiness giant Syngenta over its decision to introduce a genetically engineered corn seed variety to the U.S. market before China approved it for imports. National June 4 Survey: Economists expect slower US growth Forecasts for U.S. economic growth are coming in slightly lower after a weak first quarter, according to a survey of business economists released Monday. Business June 4 Autopsy of brother of man who killed boy inconclusive New York City's medical examiner is still trying to determine the cause of death of the brother of a man now imprisoned for kidnapping and killing an 8-year-old Brooklyn boy nearly six years ago. National June 4 The Latest: Autopsy of brother of boy's killer inconclusive The Latest on the death of the brother of a man imprisoned for kidnapping and killing an 8-year-old boy in Brooklyn (all times local): Business June 4 Pentair, Urban Organics open aquaponics farm in old Schmidt Brewery One of the largest commercial aquaponics facilities in the world opened on the St. Paul site of the old Schmidt brewery last week. Top Stories Rising deportations to Somalia raise concerns in Minnesota Jun. 4 Twelve arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Jun. 4 Does Comey have one more bombshell to reveal on Russia-Trump collusion? Jun. 4 Most Read After crash, North Dakota oil industry shows strong signs of a rebound • Business Investor wins control of Buffalo Wild Wings; CEO Smith says she'll retire • Business Pentair, Urban Organics open aquaponics farm in old Schmidt Brewery • Business Why the GOP reversed its views on climate change • Business An immigrant-owned eatery on reviving Chicago Avenue cooks again • Business World Twelve arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack 2 lions, freed from circuses, are poached in South Africa Nation Excerpts from Cosby's explosive 2005-06 deposition Suspect in Portland attack made life about hate after prison Politics Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Why the GOP reversed its views on climate change markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Twins top Angels 3-2 behind Miguel Sano, Jose Berrios and stout bullpen Sixteen years after No. 1 pick, no regrets for Twins or Joe Mauer Vikings Bradford knows Bridgewater comeback would complicate his Vikings future Hartman: Wright pushes on after mostly invisible season for Vikings MN United Minnesota United gets time to rest, regain lost edge Heath fumes after United 'outfought, outplayed, outrun' at KC Celebrities Bill Maher apologizes for using racial slur on 'Real Time' after backlash Ariana Grande surprises Manchester bombing victims in the hospital Super Bowl LII Local small businesses fight for a chance to cash in on Super Bowl LII Minneapolis scrubs its records to hide site of Super Bowl command center poll Poll: Who do you think is the most popular pro athlete in Minnesota? 10,000 Takes I divorced my husband but forged a lasting bond with his ex-wife Can the 'No Buy' challenge cure my shopping habit? Featured Gallery Wander with the Kangaroos at new Mn. Zoo exhibit 23 photos At the new Minnesota Zoo Kangaroo exhibit there are no barriers limiting interaction. ... Featured Video 75 years later, a casualty of Pearl Harbor comes home 01:46 Seventy-five years after Glaydon I.C. Iverson was killed aboard the USS Oklahoma ... Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 05, 12:57 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Uber Waymo Lawsuit: Uber Fires Anthony Levandowski, Former Google Engineer At Center Of Case By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 05/30/17 AT 4:02 PM Close Uber has fired Anthony Levandowski, the former Google engineer who led Uber’s self-driving car efforts, because of his refusal to cooperate in the lawsuit filed by competitor Waymo. Levandowski was at the center of a contentious lawsuit between Uber and Waymo over allegations documents he took were used in Uber’s self-driving car development. The news was first reported by the New York Times.   Read: Uber Threatens To Fire Engineer At Center Of Waymo Case Earlier this month, Uber reached out to Levandowski in a letter, asking for him to cooperate in the investigation. As part of the request, Uber asked Levandowski either to confirm he never took documents from Google or return any remaining documents in his possession. If Levandowski failed to comply with the request, Uber said it would consider actions that could include firing him. In its letter to Levandowski confirming his termination, the Washington Post reported Uber said it was justifying the firing for cause because of Levandowski's refusal to comply with the company’s legal requests. In particular, the letter cites Levandowski’s violation of a section saying he “returned or destroyed all property and confidential information belonging to any prior employer.” Levandowski previously cited his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination and refused to cooperate significantly with investigators. Last month, Levandowski said he would step away voluntarily from Uber’s self-driving efforts, but a federal judge also moved to prohibit Levandowski from working with Uber for the duration of the case. Uber executive Eric Meyhofer, who took over Uber’s autonomous team when Levandowski stepped aside, will continue to lead the program. In an email to employees Tuesday obtained by the Times, Angela Padilla, Uber's associate general counsel for employment and litigation, said Uber has emphasized the independence of its autonomous driving research during the case. "Over the last few months Uber has provided significant evidence to the court to demonstrate that our self-driving technology has been built independently," Padilla said. "Over that same period, Uber has urged Anthony to fully cooperate in helping the court get to the facts and ultimately helping to prove our case." While Uber has conceded Levandowski took documents when he left Google, the company has steadfastly denied any documents were in Uber’s possession or used for its self-driving car technology. Read: New Texas Law Allows Ride-Hailing Services To Operate Throughout State The firing of Levandowski is also the latest stumble for Uber. The former Google engineer was a relatively high-profile acquisition for Uber — last year, Uber acquired Levandowski’s self-driving car startup Otto for $680 million and tapped him to lead the company’s autonomous driving research. Autonomous driving has quickly become a high-profile area of investment and research for technology companies. Companies ranging from Uber to Apple have all invested heavily in research and planning for self-driving cars and many manufacturers see the field becoming the next ground changing innovation for many users. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Uber Gets Go-Ahead On Self-Driving Technology Phoenix Residents Can Get A Ride From Waymo's Self-Driving Taxis Recommended Business Chevy's Bolt Is Being Beaten To A Pulp By Tesla's Model 3 The Chevy Bolt is the little engine that couldn't live up to anticipation from GM. Elon Musk's Tesla Model 3 is beating it into oblivion. Technology Happy But Depressed? You May Have Smiling Depression Smiling depression is characterized by appearing happy on the outside, and keeping the pain on the inside. World Photo Of Canadian Man Casually Mowing Lawn With Tornado Behind Him Goes Viral The tornado in Alberta, Canada, resulted in damage to property but caused no causalities. Alberta generally experiences about 15 tornadoes every year, typically between the months of April and September. National Breitbart News Reporter Tweets Racist Remarks After London Attack Katie McHugh, a Breitbart reporter, blamed Muslim population of London for attacks that took place Saturday. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Toggle navigation Login Register RS Gathering Diaries × Toggle navigation How Google Gave Hillary Clinton Her Popular Vote Victory Share on Facebook Share on Twitter How Google Gave Hillary Clinton Her Popular Vote Victory Posted at 5:00 pm on May 30, 2017 by streiff Share on Facebook Share on Twitter For all the talk about Macedonian teenagers and #FakeNews (used exclusively to describe anything bad about Hillary Clinton) tilting the scales of the 2016 election, a new study by four academics, Robert Epstein (American Institute for Behavioral Research and Technology), Ronald E. Robertson (Northeastern University) and Samantha J. Shepherd and Shu Zhang (American Institute for Behavioral Research and Technology), finds something completely different. Using a sample of “undecideds” selected before the 2016 election, the news that was generated for them by Yahoo and Google was examined. Highlights 1) Issue: Were search results provided by search engines in the U.S. biased toward one candidate or the other? Yes. Based on a sample of 4,045 election-related searches conducted during a 25-day period from October 15 to November 8 (Election Day) using the Google and Yahoo search engines through the Firefox browser, we found that search results were, on average, biased to favor Hillary Clinton on all of those days. (Note: In the graph below, values above 0 show a Clinton bias, and values below 0 show a Trump bias.) … 3) Issue: Was the bias the same for all search engines? No. The level of pro-Clinton bias we found on Google (0.19) was more than twice as high as the level of pro-Clinton bias we found on Yahoo (0.09). The difference between these values was highly statistically significant (p <0.001). ... Interpretation: Our study doesn’t look at this issue directly, but the pattern of demographic differences we found is somewhat consistent with the idea that Big Tech companies show people what they want to see. Note, however, that people in blue (that is, pro-Clinton) states weren’t the only ones to see pro-Clinton search results; people in red (that is, pro-Trump) and swing states did too. 5) Issue: Could search results have been biased simply because people were selecting biased search terms? On a scale from -5 (pro-Trump) to +5 (pro-Clinton), the average bias in people’s search terms was slightly pro-Trump (-0.08). The search terms people used should therefore have yielded a pro-Trump bias in search results, but they did not. 6) Issue: Was there bias before October 15? Yes, although we typically received data from only a few searches per day before that date, so we are less certain of the numbers. Looking at data from 1,050 searches conducted between May 19 and October 14, 2016, we found, on average, a pro-Clinton bias throughout this period (0.17), as well as a pro-Clinton bias in all 10 search positions on the first page of search results. To put this another way, we found evidence of a pro Clinton bias in search rankings over a period of nearly six months before the election. What the study shows, or purports to show–I’m not a mathematician and I don’t play one on the internet–is that no matter who you were or your political preferences, Google and Yahoo, but particularly Google, was going to serve up stories which were favorable to Hillary Clinton and they did it for at least six months prior to the election. Trending Former Army Ranger Sean Parnell's Wise Words After London Attack Kimberly Ross This is the kicker: 9) Issue: Could the pro-Clinton bias in search results have shifted votes to Mrs. Clinton? A comprehensive study published in 2015 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences found that biased search rankings can easily shift the voting preferences of undecided voters by 20% or more – up to 80% in some demographic groups. Extrapolating from the mathematics introduced in this report, in articles published in February 2016 and thereafter, the lead author of the PNAS study predicted that a pro-Clinton bias in Google’s search results would, over time, shift at least 2.6 million votes to Clinton. She won the popular vote in the November election by 2,864,974 votes. Without the pro-Clinton bias in Google’s search results, her win margin in the popular vote might have been negligible. The implication of this, if it can be replicated, is pretty clear. Google acted as a political actor n 2016 to fluff for Hillary Clinton. The skewing of search results is clearly a donation in kind to the Clinton campaign and should be investigated by the FEC. But Justice should take a hint from what his happening in Europe and conduct an anti-trust investigation of Google and if warranted, break it up. It is Google, not a horde of young people in Eastern Europe, who poses the direct threat to our form of government. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Tags: Google Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton 2016 Recent Stories The Annual Global Peace Report Is Out, And Here Is Where We Rank Susan Wright Former Army Ranger Sean Parnell’s Wise Words After London Attack Kimberly Ross CNN Host Wishes Death on United States Congressman Jay Caruso COMMENTS POSTING RULES  |  LOGIN TO COMMENT  |  REGISTER TODAY Trending Former Army Ranger Sean Parnell's Wise Words After London Attack The RedState Box Office Report Why Would Limbaugh Make This Change to His Brand Now? Climate Change 101: The Evidence Humans Aren’t Destroying the Climate The Annual Global Peace Report Is Out, And Here Is Where We Rank Trump Should Not Have Walked Away from Paris Accord — He Should Have Run Away Brad Slager Killing in the Name Of: Stop Using Other Religions to Excuse Islamic Terrorism Sarah Lee Mike Pence is Not Wrong: The Left is Climate Change Obsessed Josh Kimbrell The System and Society That Is Failing Our Most Vulnerable Susan Wright The Looming Threat: Homegrown Islamic Terrorism Jay Caruso CNN ‘Journalist’ Who Once Ate Human Brain Calls Trump a Very Bad Name Teri Christoph Related Stories Is Virginia Headed for Another Hillary vs. Bernie Showdown? Teri Christoph Former DNC Data Chief Slams Hillary Clinton: You’re Not Throwing Me Under the Bus Jay Caruso Trending on Townhall Media George Soros: Top 10 Reasons He Is Dangerous | Human Events humanevents.com Paul Ryan Applauds Trillion-Dollar Infrastructure Plan, Paid Family Leave (Video) redstate.com Climate Change: A Serious Threat to Science finance.townhall.com A beginner’s guide to cultural appropriation. (A rant) - Hot Air hotair.com Home RS Gathering Advertise Newsletters Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright RedState.com. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Nancy Messieh Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: How to Easily Transfer All Your Data to a New Android Device Android How to Easily Transfer All Your Data to a New Android Device Dan Price May 30, 2017 30-05-2017 6 minutes How to Easily Transfer All Your Data to a New Android Device Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email When the time comes to move to a new phone, you’ll probably feel an inevitable sense of trepidation. Sure, you’ll be excited to get your hands on a shiny new device, but how on earth are you going to move all your data over? There’s so much to consider. You’ll have apps, customized settings, photos, contacts, backgrounds, downloads — it’s daunting. Even if you’re efficient, it can take a whole weekend to get yourself set up on a new handset. But it doesn’t have to be so complicated. With a bit of planning, you can make the transfer a seamless experience. You just need to know which settings and apps to use. Here’s how to make the process of moving your data to a new Android device as painless as possible. 1. Settings: Android Backup Service The most important tool for ensuring an easy transfer is to use the Android Backup Service. It’ll save some of your most personalized settings to the cloud, including: Google Calendar settings. Wi-Fi networks and passwords. Home screen wallpapers. Gmail settings. Display settings. Language and input settings. Date and time settings. Some third-party apps will also be backed up, but it changes on an app-by-app basis. Not all apps are compatible. To turn on Android Backup Service, head to Settings > Backup and reset and make sure Backup my data is turned on. If you have more than one Google Account on your device, you need to select which account you want to use for saving the backups. Make your choice under Backup account. When you turn on your new phone for the first time, it will ask you to enter your Google Account credentials. If the phone recognizes a backup on the servers, it will ask you if you want to use it. Tap Yes. Manufacturer-Specific Features Samsung users have access to a proprietary app called SmartSwitch Mobile. In addition to the data Android Backup Service saves, it will also move your text messages, phone logs, contacts, and email accounts. Sony users can try Sony Xperia Transfer, HTC offers the HTC Transfer Tool, and LG provides LG Bridge. They all perform a similar function. Remember, because they are all proprietary features, they are only useful if you’re switching to another phone from the same manufacturer. 2. Photos: Google Photos There are a number of apps you could use to move your photos from one device to another. OneDrive and Google Drive Dropbox vs. Google Drive vs. OneDrive: Which Cloud Storage Is Best for You? Dropbox vs. Google Drive vs. OneDrive: Which Cloud Storage Is Best for You? Have you changed the way you think about cloud storage? The popular options of Dropbox, Google Drive, and OneDrive have been joined by others. We help you answer which cloud storage service should you use. Read More will both suffice, as will some manufacturer-specific apps. However, the easiest and most streamlined approach is to use Google Photos. Not only does the Picasa replacement Picasa Is Going Away: 11 Apps That You Can Use Instead Picasa Is Going Away: 11 Apps That You Can Use Instead Read More sync photos between all your devices (mobiles and tablets), but since mid-2015, Google has also offered a desktop uploader. It means any images on your various computers will also be accessible on your phone, thus making it the best holistic tool available. First, make sure all your photo files are being backed up. Be careful! You might have several device folders (such as Camera, WhatsApp Images, Animated GIFs, Screenshots, etc). You need to manually turn on backup for every folder whose contents you want on your new phone. To backup a folder, open Google Photos and go to Menu (three horizontal lines) > Settings > Backup and Sync > Back up device folders. Slide the toggle next to each folder you want to keep. When you log onto your new phone, all the photos you backed up should instantly be viewable in the app. Download — Google Photos (Free) 3. Passwords: LastPass Android phones offer a feature called Smart Lock for Passwords. The principle is sound; Google keeps your app passwords on its own servers. When you reinstall the app on a new device, the phone will recognize it and pre-populate your username and password. Unfortunately, the feature requires developers to build the associated technology into their apps, and many haven’t done so. Of course, Chrome can also save your passwords, but it’s not good practice to store passwords in a browser Browser Autofill Is a Privacy Risk: Here's How to Turn It Off Browser Autofill Is a Privacy Risk: Here's How to Turn It Off Autofill is a convenient browser feature, but a big exploit was recently found that could result in you giving away more info than you thought. Here's how to disable it and stay safe. Read More . It won’t have the same standard of security as a dedicated password manager. My favorite dedicated password manager is LastPass, but there are lots of great options 5 Best LastPass Alternatives to Manage Your Passwords 5 Best LastPass Alternatives to Manage Your Passwords Many people consider LastPass to be the king of password managers; it's packed with features and boasts more users than any of its competitors -- but it's far from being the only option! Read More to choose from. The best part of using a password manager is they require very little setup. Just install the app on your new phone and you’ll have all your credentials on-hand immediately. Download — LastPass (Free) 4. Messages: SMS Backup & Restore Yes, SMS and MMS are now ancient technologies, but a surprising number of people still use them. If you rely on the aging communication method, you might have valuable information tucked away in your message history. The most reliable way to move the data to a new phone is to download SMS Backup & Restore. It does exactly as the name suggests: you can backup your messages on one device Don't Lose Your Data: 5 Top Backup Solutions For Android Don't Lose Your Data: 5 Top Backup Solutions For Android Everybody needs to back up their data in case something happens to their device. Protect yourself with these amazing backup apps. Read More and restore them onto another. Obviously, you’ll need a copy of the SMS Backup & Restore app on both devices. The app also lets you send backups to your preferred cloud storage provider, choose which specific messages to backup, and schedule recurring backups. And remember, if you’ve joined the instant messaging revolution and use WhatsApp, it’s easy to move data onto your new phone. Just fire up the app and go to Menu > Settings > Chat backup and tap on Backup. Download — SMS Backup & Restore (Free) 5. Personal Data You can manually move any data on your phone that doesn’t fall into one of the prescribed categories. You might have to do this if you have audio, old podcasts, or important documents saved in random folders on your device. First, use a file explorer The 7 Best Free File Explorers for Android The 7 Best Free File Explorers for Android There are a bunch of file management and file exploring apps out there for Android, but these are the best. Read More to check the folders on your phone. If there’s content you want to salvage, you have two options: USB Cable — You could use a USB cable to transfer the data from your phone to your computer, and then from your computer into the same folder on your new device. SD Card — If your phone has removable SD card, you can move data onto it, then transfer the card to your new phone. Rampow Micro USB Cables [2-Pack 3.3ft] Braided Samsung USB Cables/Android Cables - Micro USB Charging Cables for Galaxy S7/S6/, Sony, Motorola and More - Space Grey Rampow Micro USB Cables [2-Pack 3.3ft] Braided Samsung USB Cables/Android Cables - Micro USB Charging Cables for Galaxy S7/S6/, Sony, Motorola and More - Space Grey Universal Compatibility - Support most Android tablets, Windows phones and cell phones with a Micro-USB port. Compatible with Samsung Note 1/2/4/5, Galaxy S3/S4/S6 Edge S7, Nokia Lumia, HTC ONE and others. These micro usb charge cables fit in almost every case. Buy Now At Amazon $7.99 6. Third-Party Tools Finally, if all these steps sound like too much hassle, you could try using a dedicated app from the Google Play Store. The best app for non-rooted phones is arguably Helium. Helium will backup and sync your apps and your data to the cloud. It works with multiple devices, and you can restore your data with a simple click. You’ll need a copy of the app on both phones and your computer desktop. In addition to your apps and settings, the app will sync your contacts, SMS, various user accounts, Wi-Fi settings, and call logs. Download — Helium (Free) How Do You Move to a New Phone? Of course, moving all your data is only one part of switching to a new phone. Even if you transfer everything, there are still lots of steps you need to take on your new device How to Set Up Your New Android Phone How to Set Up Your New Android Phone Just purchased a brand-new Android phone? Let us walk you through how to set it up, including some of the best tips that the phone doesn't show you. Read More before you can confidently say it’s ready to use. I’ve shown you a few different ways to migrate your data, but there’s no one way that’s objectively the best. A lot of it depends on how you use your phone and how much of your data you want to migrate. What apps made it easy for you to move to a new device? Do you prefer leaving everything on your old phone and starting with a clean slate? As always, you can leave all your thoughts and opinions in the comments section below. Image Credits: PILart/Shutterstock Previous PostHow to Master Default Apps and Deep Linking on AndroidNext PostHow to Search for Text in Any Mobile Browser 2 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * likefunbutnot May 31, 2017 at 5:54 pm Going to play.google.com or to the appropriate page on Amazon, users can actually deploy software to their devices rather than manually adding apps through the Store interface. This is a huge time saver if you frequently switch devices. It's also nice to know that even things like the Dialer, Contacts and Calendar apps can be swapped for those from other devices; I use the Asus dialer no matter what brand of phone I'm on. Android Debloater is a desktop application that can easily kill Device or Carrier Mandated Apps, such as the NASCAR software Sprint thinks should be on my phone. While not a data transfer tool, it's nice to know about, especially on a new device Reply jbelkin May 31, 2017 at 4:07 pm are there people who actually want to transfer data from one android to another? I thought people just tossed them and spend $29 on another running the latest 2014 teco version of android? Reply Dan Price 419 articles Dan is a British expat living in Mexico. He is currently the Creative Editor for MakeUseOf and was formerly the Finance Editor. Prior to his writing career he was a Financial Consultant. He holds various certifications from the University of Leeds, the University of Cambridge, and the Chartered Insurance Institute.… Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Trending Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Android Entertainment Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right… Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You… This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Advertisement Related Articles 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Productivity 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) 4 Ways Your Location Is Being Tracked Everywhere You Go Security 4 Ways Your Location Is Being Tracked Everywhere You Go 8 Smartphone Apps That Will Instantly Break Your Creative Block Creative Android 8 Smartphone Apps That Will Instantly Break Your Creative Block Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle Smart Home & Gadgets Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Even If The Siri Speaker Sucks You'll Want It Make Your Own Bootleg HoloLens With The Cardboard Holokit The Most Amazing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Set, And More Wonderful Toys Of The Week Mobile Vodafone Is Taking Legal Action Over The ACCC's Domestic Roaming Decision Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra: Australian Price And Availability Car Tech Why You Should Give Your Car A Shitty Paint Job This Is The Coolest Road You've Never Heard Of 'The Great Eight Phantoms' Is A London Exhibition Of Rolls-Royce Magnificence There's A DeLorean Up For Auction In Tasmania Online 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Theresa May Calls For International Regulation Of Cyberspace In Wake Of Attacks Amazon Now Has Every Issue Of Omni, The Sci-Fi 'Magazine Of The Future' Everest Now Has Wi-Fi, So You Can Truly Netflix And Chill Science & Health Wind, Solar, Storage And Gas: The CSIRO Maps Out Australia's Energy Future NASA's Plan To Fill The Sky With Red And Green Clouds Has Been Postponed Al Gore's Sequel To An Inconvenient Truth Gets Recut For One Very Obvious Reason Construction Begins On ESO's Extremely Large Telescope, Will Not Have Death Lasers Despite Appearances Cameras Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Computing Corsair Wants To Light Up Your Life Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Eyes On With Asus's Insane New Ultra-Wide Gaming Monitor Monitors With Everything Are Coming Gaming Can't Be Sure, But I Think EB Games Is Having A Sale The Super Nintendo's Most Valuable Games Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) Microsoft Store Deal: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299 With 2 Free Games Entertainment The Ultimate Wonder Woman Analysis Uh, 'Sharknado 5: Global Swarming' Sounds Bonkers How 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Proved Marvel Could Do Anything Reach Out To The Truth In The Spoiler-Packed Doctor Who Discussion Thread Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Wind, Solar, Storage And Gas: The CSIRO Maps Out Australia's Energy Future 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Uber And Faraday Future Should Work On Autonomous Vehicles Together Ryan Felton and Jalopnik May 31, 2017, 7:00am ⋅ Filed to:  car technology faraday future feature jalopnik ride-sharing uber Share Up front, it's probably necessary to say that I haven't considered the financial viability of this for either party, or whether their business plans are even sound. But I think it could benefit both of them: Faraday Future and Uber, two troubled companies facing an uncertain future in different ways. should strike a deal to work on autonomous vehicles together. Photo: FF, Uber Uber Is Doomed Read more Uber already has a $US300 ($403) million partnership with Volvo, which provided 100 XC90s for the ride-hailing giant's autonomous driving pilot program in Pittsburgh, and Volvo said it no intention of dropping it anytime soon, despite Uber's host of problems. Those problems include an ongoing lawsuit with Google over alleged tech theft, a business model that is yet unprofitable, labour challenges and a reputation for general scumbaggery that's getting harder and harder to wave off. But the company's founder Travis Kalanick believes it needs to successfully develop self-driving cars in order to survive. With competitors barreling ahead to produce fully-autonomous cars by next decade, specifically for ride-hailing purposes, Uber needs to act quick. As its high-profile litigation with Google's self-driving car project has shown, Uber's way behind in the race. (Uber literally admitted as much.) Of course, the Google suit over Uber allegedly stealing its autonomous tech designs could derail the ride-hailing giant's driverless car ambitions sooner rather than later. But I'm just spitballing here. Though it's burning through a massive amount of cash, Uber recently told Bloomberg it still has about $US7 ($9) billion of cash on hand, along with $US2.3 ($3) billion of credit that has yet to be tapped. Enter Faraday. Faraday's public image has continued to deteriorate even more rapidly than Uber's, ever since it debuted its flagship vehicle, the FF 91, in January at the CES conference. Faraday has been dealt a stream of litigation, pertaining to everything from the vehicle debut to how it ended up with its website. Construction of the startup's factory has yet to restart, and plans for a $US1 ($1) billion production facility have shrunk to a proposed "mini-factory" that could — in theory — later be expanded. And this month it emerged that Faraday's main financier, Chinese tech conglomerate Le Eco, hasn't been able to recover from a serious cash crunch. Last week, it announced significant layoffs for its U.S. operations and business plans going forward. Faraday's chief financial officer said the layoffs won't impact the startup's ambitions, but all isn't as optimistic as it seems. Bloomberg reported that it now needs to raise $US1 ($1) billion to keep its dream alive. If this funding round is unsuccessful, the FF 91 — a planned 1,050-HP supposed Tesla-killer that might cost something like $US150,000 ($201,565) per vehicle — may never see the light of day. I can't think of a startup in the auto world that's more ripe to handle a new relationship with scandal-plagued Uber. If Uber gave up a $US1 ($1) billion, it'd still have a decent amount of cash left — whether that cash keeps it afloat more than a few years is another story — and Faraday could finish its original plan for the full-size factory and get the FF 91 into production. Uber's business model necessitates the use of autonomous vehicles, and with Faraday, it could land exclusive access to a factory that — on paper — may produce upward of 100,000 vehicles per year. Kalanick previously said it'd make a huge investment of the sort; it was reported that he'd be interested in buying 500,000 Teslas if the carmarker had a fully-autonomous vehicle ready by 2020. But there's a would-be Tesla competitor in the waiting for Kalanick to consider, one that needs the type of cash he has access to. The one hiccup, probably, is that the capital costs for Uber to purchase a $US150,000 ($201,565) vehicle would probably be too much, so Faraday might need to develop a cheaper base trim for the ride-hailing network. But with Faraday's engineers working to develop a fully-autonomous vehicle, it'd give Uber a new revenue stream through the sale of cars, while having a vehicle to bring onto its network. It's not bulletproof, but neither is Faraday or Uber. WATCH MORE: Car News Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Rae Johnston 04 Jun 2017 6:30 AM Before the news of Donald Trump's decision to exit the Paris Climate agreement broke, we heard the opinions of several leading experts in climate science about what exactly it would mean if the US pulled out of the global deal. Here's what they had to say. NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' Sidney Fussell 03 Jun 2017 1:00 PM On Wednesday, a US federal judge ruled that the sound emitted from the NYPD's Long Range Acoustic Devices -- portable sound cannons that blast noise -- could be considered a use of force, contrary to the police department's claims. The LRAD can blast sound as loudly as 136 decibels. That's louder than a jackhammer or a jet engine and above the 120 db threshold for immediate human hearing loss. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Trending Articles 1 What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision 2 NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' 3 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Vodafone Is Taking Legal Action Over The ACCC's Domestic Roaming Decision Wind, Solar, Storage And Gas: The CSIRO Maps Out Australia's Energy Future Can't Be Sure, But I Think EB Games Is Having A Sale Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals The Best Tekken 7 Characters For Beginners The Opera House Is Hosting A Two-Day Minecraft Event Look At This Sonic Statue Hotline Miami Cover Artist On His Distinct Visual Style, Music, And Beard This Crash Between A 2015 And A 1998 Toyota Corolla Shows How Far Car Safety Has Come Prepare For Extreme Weather With These Emergency Essentials [Infographic] Optus To Refund Prepaid Customers After Secretly Cutting Their Data Inclusions Ask LH: Are Drones Being Banned In Australia? Everything you need to know about the acclaimed female director behind 'Wonder Woman' Matt Moran is back in the Sydney pub where his cooking career began NAB is collaborating with an Israeli crowdfunding platform to offer startup investments The 6 shows Netflix has canceled, including the edgy sci-fi series 'Sense8' that was just cut after 2 seasons © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Technology Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Home Tech News May 31 2017 Save Print Uber fires engineer Anthony Levandowski in twist to legal battle with Alphabet's Waymo Elizabeth Dwoskin and Craig Timberg facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More ﻿ Uber has fired Anthony Levandowski, the star engineer at the centre of its high-stakes legal fight over driverless cars. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 05:13 Why Uber fired Anthony Levandowski Why Uber fired Anthony Levandowski Anthony Levandowski, the engineer hired to lead Uber's self-driving car efforts is now at the centre of a legal dispute over the technology with Google parent Alphabet. Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 ASX winners and losers - a snapshot ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the ASX captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. Up Next Australia's economic growth conundrum Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:40 Video duration 02:40 Australia's economic growth conundrum Australia's economic growth conundrum Recent retail and capex numbers have shown positive signs of growth but some forecasters are predicting that the March quarter's GDP figures will be heading in the opposite direction. (This video was produced in commercial partnership between Fairfax Media and IG Markets) Up Next The unknown recession Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:53 Video duration 01:53 The unknown recession The unknown recession Australia may have enjoyed more than 25 years without a recession, but as Peter Martin explains, it's been a close run thing. Up Next Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Play Video Don't Play Video duration 06:47 Video duration 06:47 Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Virgin Group founder Richard Branson urges the importance of countries working together to tackle climate change. Up Next Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower Play Video Don't Play Video duration 05:31 Video duration 05:31 Wall Street signals bond yields to remain ... Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower The Australian dollar was around US50 cents the last time the yield advantage was this small. Up Next Scaremongering season Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:15 Video duration 02:15 Scaremongering season Scaremongering season The old rule applies: if an economist makes a dire prediction of doom and gloom, he or she gets plenty of media attention. Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next What to expect from retail sales Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:18 Video duration 02:18 What to expect from retail sales What to expect from retail sales AMP Chief Economist Shane Oliver predicts the risk of another RBA rate cut this year. More videos Why Uber fired Anthony Levandowski Anthony Levandowski, the engineer hired to lead Uber's self-driving car efforts is now at the centre of a legal dispute over the technology with Google parent Alphabet. Levandowski, the 37-year-old former chief of Uber's self-driving program, was given notice on Friday, according to a termination letter obtained by the Washington Post. He was let go after failing to comply with a judge's request that he turn over thousands of documents that he is accused of stealing from Google's parent company, where he had worked as a senior engineer. Uber also said that he had broken the terms of his employment with the company. Under those terms, Levandowski promised that he wasn't disclosing any trade secrets or proprietary information from his previous employer when he came on board. Related Content Uber's CEO, keen to 'grow up', looks for second-in-command The death of Uber - one large investor's bold prediction The firing is the latest twist in a case that has pit two Silicon Valley giants against one another as they battle over the future of transportation. Levandowski was a senior engineer in Google's self-driving car program, which began building self-driving cars in 2009 and is now called Waymo. Uber began developing self-driving cars roughly two years ago, an effort that Kalanick has called "existential" to the company's future because it could dramatically lower labour costs. Kalanick hired the former Google engineer to run Uber's driverless program last summer, after acquiring Levandowski's months-old self-driving truck startup, Otto. Advertisement The news of Levandowski's firing represents Uber's latest effort to extract itself from a series of escalating controversies that have consumed and shaken chief executive Travis Kalanick. The company has faced a barrage of negative press this year in the wake of high-profile sexual harassment complaints and a slew of executive departures. Kalanick this weekend also faced personal tragedy -- his mother was killed and his father seriously injured in a boating accident. The move to terminate Levandowski represents a shift in Uber's legal strategy. Until now the company had defended and protected him, even as a district judge became increasingly frustrated with his decision to not turn over key documents. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, left, and Anthony Levandowski. Photo: AP Levandowski is not personally being sued, and the legal case hinges on whether Waymo can prove that Uber was either aware or colluded with Levandowski in stealing the documents. Levandowski is accused of downloading 14,000 documents from his Google computers onto a hard drive and then uploading them into his personal computer. He has refused to share the documents, citing his fifth amendment rights to protect himself from self-incrimination. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Anthony Levandowski is at the centre of the dispute. Photo: AP Uber has also refused to share several thousand additional documents with the court, citing confidentiality rules between attorneys and their clients. It was unclear whether Uber would now share that information. Outside experts have said that the volume of documents being withheld was highly unusual, and Uber's decision to withhold them had irritated the judge. Levandowski's lawyers are expected to argue that a person cannot be fired for asserting their Fifth Amendment rights, according to a person familiar with the matter. As a condition of his hiring, Levandowski was awarded more than $US250 million ($335 million) in Uber stock. It was unclear whether he would be able to keep his compensation package going forward. The Washington Post Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Uber fires engineer Anthony Levandowski in twist to legal battle with Alphabet's Waymo. Advertisement HuffPost Australia Aussies Are Warming To The Use Of Bots ... Contains: External link Kirsten Dunst On 'Spider-Man' Reboots: ... Contains: External link Most Popular Apple's tricky issue with one of its most popular features Hands on with Sony 4K HDR short-throw laser projector 10-year-old Aussie app developer meets Tim Cook Why your NBN connection may soon speed up Is the afterlife for this world on social media? Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology Apple's tricky issue with one of its most popular features Will NBN's new CVC bandwidth pricing fix congestion woes? Hands on with Sony 4K HDR short-throw laser projector 10-year-old Aussie app developer meets Tim Cook Why your NBN connection may soon speed up WA Today Cheesed-off customer slams Perth restaurant's 'European nachos' Muslim students 'told to leave' Convention Centre for making patrons 'uncomfortable' Perth pizza robber said family was hungry Ben Cousins' ex says she committed him to psych ward John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore The Sydney Morning Herald London attack: What we know so far John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see The Age Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Margaret Court the guest speaker at Liberal Party fundraiser in Melbourne Knife-wielding terrorists kill seven in bloody rampage How foreign syndicates run the modern-day bank robbery Brisbane Times Woman's leg degloved in horror yacht accident 'Non-viable' twins cling to life amid anger at hospital The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck Canberra Times Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Man arrested after double hit-and-run in Yarralumla 'Betrayed': Couple's hopes dashed after forking out $10,000 Lara Worthington's very nice payday for 30 minutes of work We sent a plus-size mum to the Fashfest model casting WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Welcome to Rappler, please select your default country:   Philippines   Indonesia Go! PhilippinesIndonesia Coupons   Rappler Shop Login to Rappler Login to Rappler using your social account: Already have a Rappler Account? Login or Register to create one. Home News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X Jobs Coupons Rappler Shop News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's 2013 Board Privacy Statement Contact Us Rappler's Founding Board Terms of Use Advertise With Us Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Comment Moderation Policy Archives Job Openings OTHER CONTENT #PHVote 2016 • Philippine News • Weather Forecast Philippines • Pugad Baboy • Typhoon Haiyan (Yolanda) • Pork Barrel Scam • Disaster Preparedness • Disaster Response • Disaster Recovery • Manny Pacquiao • The Hunger Project • Travel Philippines • UAAP • FOI bill • Charter Change • Indonesia News • Gilas Pilipinas • Jejomar Binay • Makati City • #ProjectAgos • Typhoon Ruby (Hagupit) • AirAsia flight QZ8501 • Pope Francis Quotes • Miss Universe• Facebook down • Travel in the Philippines • Places to visit in the Philippines • Philippine holidays • Join the #PHVote Challenge! Go! LATEST NEWS Terrorists wound 2 soldiers during Marawi 'humanitarian pause' Philippines FAST FACTS: 2017 UK general election Europe How your commute affects you Finance and Industries Marcos again urges SC to speed up poll protest Philippines How Diwata-2 is better than PH's first satellite, Diwata-1 Tech Features Resorts World gunman, school opening, Putin | Midday wRap The wRap Elbert Cuenca bets on restaurants as entertainment Features Semaan, tradisi membaca Al-Qur’an yang melekat di hati masyarakat Semarang Ayo Indonesia 19 letusan terjadi di Gunung Marapi, warga diminta waspada Berita 5 hal tentang Gal Gadot Gaya Hidup View more stories Tech News Google's AlphaGo retires on top after humbling world number one AlphaGo defeats brash 19-year-old world number one Ke Jie of China on Saturday to sweep a 3-game series Agence France-Presse @afp Published 4:38 PM, May 29, 2017 Updated 4:38 PM, May 29, 2017 ALPHAGO WINS. China's 19-year-old Go player Ke Jie reacts during the second match against Google's artificial intelligence program AlphaGo in Wuzhen, eastern China's Zhejiang province on May 25, 2017. Photo by AFP SHANGHAI, China – The Google-owned computer algorithm AlphaGo is retiring from playing humans in the ancient Chinese game of Go after roundly defeating the world's top player over the weekend, its developer said on Saturday, May 27. AlphaGo defeated brash 19-year-old world number one Ke Jie of China on Saturday to sweep a 3-game series that was closely watched as a measure of how far artificial intelligence (AI) has come. AlphaGo last year become the first computer program to beat an elite player in a full Go match, and its successes have been hailed as groundbreaking due to the game's complexity. Go has an incomputable number of moves, putting a premium on human-like "intuition" and strategy. But this week's contests in the eastern Chinese city of Wuzhen were its last, said DeepMind Technologies, the London-based AI company that developed AlphaGo and which Google acquired in 2014. In a blog post, DeepMind founder Demis Hassabis said AlphaGo's developers will turn to "the next set of grand challenges, developing advanced general algorithms that could one day help scientists as they tackle some of our most complex problems". These could include "finding new cures for diseases, dramatically reducing energy consumption, or inventing revolutionary new materials," he said. "If AI systems prove they are able to unearth significant new knowledge and strategies in these domains too, the breakthroughs could be truly remarkable. We can’t wait to see what comes next." Go involves two players laying black and white stones on a grid, trying to capture the most territory. Invented nearly 3,000 years ago in China, it is played worldwide but most popular in East Asia. Top players have been mesmerised by AlphaGo, describing its play as groundbreaking and opening up new ways of approaching the game. Likewise, AlphaGo's feats have fuelled visions of AI that can not only perform pre-programmed tasks, but help humanity look at complex scientific, technical and medical mysteries in new ways. AlphaGo's "thinking" is powered by millions of connections similar to neurons in the brain. It is partly self-taught, having played millions of games against itself. This week's matches received considerable build-up in China, where it is popular. But Chinese authorities abruptly banned live coverage before the first match on Tuesday, prompting anger and scorn on Chinese social media. The ban was not explained, but quickly fueled speculation that it was linked to Google's tense history with Beijing. Google shut down its www.google.cn website in 2010 in a row over cyberattacks and Chinese censorship, and most of its offerings have remained blocked by authorities. – Rappler.com Filed under:AlphaGo•Deepmind•Demis Hassabis•Google•Ke Jie HOW DOES THIS STORY MAKE YOU FEEL? Happy Sad Angry Don't Care Inspired Afraid Amused Annoyed Back These stories made other people Check them out! × Would you like to share your vote? ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's Founding Board Rappler's 2014-2016 Board Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Job Openings Archives X Join The #PHVote Challenge! Privacy statement Terms of Use Comment moderation Policy Advertise With Us Contact Us SECTIONS #PHvote 2016 News Video Business Newsbreak MovePH Views Life & Style Entertainment Sports Tech Live BrandRap Weather in the Philippines Disasters Travel destinations Coupons Jobs COMMUNITY Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Storify Flickr Instagram Android iOS Windows × Log In with your Rappler Account Email: Password: Cancel Submit × Register for a RAPPLER Account Fields with * are required. Thank You. View your profile page here OR Click close to continue. Email: Password: First Name: Last Name: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Subscriptions I want to subscribe to the Rappler daily wRap I want to be a Project Agos volunteer Terms & Conditions I agree to the Rappler terms and conditions below: Privacy Statement Site Use Policy Comment Moderation Policy Cancel Submit × Update your information Fields with * are required. Thank You. You have successfully updated your account. First Name: Last Name: Email: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Cancel Submit
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter tech US world science US politics business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Uber Uber fires head of self-driving car unit amid lawsuit over stolen Google secrets Anthony Levandowski has invoked fifth amendment during deposition after he was accused of bringing 14,000 internal documents with him from Waymo On 12 May, a federal judge granted Waymo a preliminary injunction against Uber that required the company to remove Levandowski from any work on lidar and to return any stolen documents to Waymo. Photograph: Eric Risberg/AP Uber Uber fires head of self-driving car unit amid lawsuit over stolen Google secrets Anthony Levandowski has invoked fifth amendment during deposition after he was accused of bringing 14,000 internal documents with him from Waymo Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Julia Carrie Wong @juliacarriew email Tuesday 30 May 2017 16.48 EDT Last modified on Wednesday 31 May 2017 11.30 EDT Uber has fired the head of its self-driving car unit, Anthony Levandowski, amid the continuing fallout from the engineer’s alleged theft of trade secrets from his former employer, Google. The termination, which was first reported by the New York Times, comes three months after Levandowksi was accused of stealing 14,000 internal documents from Google’s self-driving car spinoff, Waymo, and taking them to Uber. Waymo sued Uber in February, alleging that the ride-hail company was using the stolen documents to advance its lidar technology, and the case between the two Silicon Valley firms is set to go to trial in October. Uber has denied any wrongdoing, but Levandowski has invoked his fifth amendment right against self-incrimination. He has refused to turn over any documents or answer questions during a deposition. On 12 May, a federal judge granted Waymo a preliminary injunction against Uber that required the company to remove Levandowski from any work on lidar, the technology that allows a self-driving car to “see” its surroundings, and to return any stolen documents to Waymo. In Levandowski’s termination letter, which was included in a court filing and is dated 26 May, Uber general counsel Salle Yoo cited Levandowski’s failure to comply with the court order as the cause of his firing. Yoo also wrote that Levandowski’s actions had “impeded Uber’s internal investigation and defense of the lawsuit”. The letter also revealed that Uber required Levandowski to have “returned or destroyed all property and confidential information belonging to any prior employer” as a condition of his employment. Yoo writes that Levandowski’s failure to comply with the court order constitutes a potential “breach” of the employment agreement. Uber's sexual harassment case shines light on a startup's culture of defiance Read more Attorneys for Levandowski did not immediately respond to a request for comment, but they have argued in court filings that the preliminary injunction infringes on Levandowski’s constitutional rights by compelling Uber to fire him if he does not waive his fifth amendment right. Levandowski was one of several alumni of Google’s self-driving car program who founded the self-driving truck startup Otto in 2016. Otto was acquired by Uber for $680m in August 2016, and Levandowski was installed as the head of Uber’s self-driving car program. Levandowski was awarded $250m in Uber stock as part of the deal, according to documents revealed in court. In February, Google’s self-driving car spinoff Waymo sued Uber, alleging that Levandowski had downloaded 14,000 documents prior to leaving, and used the stolen technology to help Uber get a jump start with its own self-driving car program. Levandowski could face criminal charges over the alleged theft. The judge overseeing the civil case recommended that federal prosecutors begin a criminal investigation on 12 May. Violations of the federal trade secrets law can carry up to a 10-year prison term. Eric Meyhofer will take over Levandowski’s role in charge of Uber’s self-driving car program, an Uber spokesperson said. The turmoil in Uber’s self-driving car program is just one of numerous scandals rocking the $68bn company. A report on Uber’s work environment is expected next week, following allegations of a widespread sexual harassment and gender discrimination by a former employee earlier this year. The company has seen an exodus of executives in recent months and a viral consumer boycott. Last week, Uber admitted to underpaying New York City drivers tens of millions of dollars in fares. The company is under criminal investigation by the US justice department over its use of “Greyball”, a program that enabled it to evade enforcement officers in cities where it was operating illegally. Topics Uber Waymo Google Silicon Valley news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Technology › Uber tech US world science US politics business back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Podcasts iCloud Syncing is the Bane of my Existence – Mac Geek Gab 660 OneLogin Encryption Breach, WWDC 2017 Expectations - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-02 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip View All Editorials → Essential Home Tries to Snag the Smarthome Crowd from Siri Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet 2 minute read May 30th, 2017 2:45 PM EDT | News Andy Rubin’s company, Essential, just set the bar for Apple’s rumored Siri voice assistant appliance. He announced on Monday Essential Home, which is a voice controlled assistant that sounds like a laundry list of Siri Speaker features. Essential Home aims to be your go-to voice control appliance The Essential Home—not to be confused with Google Home—looks a little like Amazon’s Echo Dot, but with a round display built into the top. It handles the usual functions, like streaming music, reporting the weather, and controlling your smart lights, plus it supports HomeKit, Nest, SmartThings, and other smart home platforms. The media is very interested in Essential and the products it’s promising because the company was founded by Andy Rubin. He’s the guy responsible for the creation of the Android operating system, and was in charge of the product for about 10 years after Google bought it up. He eventually left to pursue other tech ventures which ultimately led to Essential and its Home appliance. Home Wants to be Your Essential Voice Assistant Talking to the Home device should feel familiar for most tech savvy people because it supports Siri, Alexa, and Google Assistant. Home will offer what it deems as contextually relevant information throughout the day, plus you can interact with it by voice, . Home is also all about protecting your privacy, according to The Verge, so it’ll handle as much of its artificial intelligence processing locally instead of relying on cloud-based systems for its smarts. It’s not clear how that’ll really keep your interactions private since Home can connect with smart services that exploit our personal data as a matter of business, like Google’s services. What we do know is Essential Home runs a new operating system dubbed Ambient OS that includes plenty of hooks to let all your smarthome devices work together, much like IFTTT. Since it’s handling a lot of what it does locally, maybe that’ll help keep what we say and how we use Home more private. Essential Home and Siri Speaker This all sounds a lot like what people are expecting from the rumored Siri Speaker: voice control with a display for supplemental information, music streaming, internet search support, smart home control, and a healthy dose of privacy. Those are exactly the comparisons Rubin is no doubt hoping for. The timing of the Essential Home announcement is anything but coincidence. Apple’s Worldwide Developer Conference kicks off next week, and if Apple does announce its Siri Speaker the media will talk about how it stacks up against Amazon Echo, Google Home, and now Essential Home. The comparisons between Essential Home and Siri Speaker, however, will likely take center stage—at least with the technology pundits—because of how similar the two seem. Considering Essential has nothing more than computer renderings to show off and a promise of a launch later this year, it’s a safe bet that’s exactly what Rubin is counting on. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Andy Rubin, Essential Home, smart home, voice assistant You might also like… Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting 2 Comments Add a comment Lee Dronick May 30, 2017 if Apple does announce its Siri Speaker the media will talk about how it stacks up against Amazon Echo, Google Home, and now Essential Home. Or possibly how those stack up against Siri Speaker which would probably be leap frogs ahead. May 30, 2017 at 3:22 EDT PM txaggie90 May 31, 2017 While this looks interesting and Mr. Rubin does have a successful track record, I know personally, if the feature set between the Apple’s home device is comparable to the Essential Home, I would prefer Apple’s offering. When it comes to reconfiguring my home to work with either of the devices, I’m going to lean towards the stable company that I know will be around for the long haul, versus the startup that may or may not be around in a few year’s time. While I hope Mr. Rubin is successful in his project, I suspect he will find significant headwinds trying to unseat Apple, along with Google and Amazon. May 31, 2017 at 9:59 EDT AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Bryan Chaffin | June 2, 2017 Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Jeff Gamet | June 2, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.45 +2.27 (1.48%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Nike VaporMax Flyknit Apple Watch Bands Already Sold Out Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards Recent Editorials See All » America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 17981 Jeff Gamet news 2 1496155531 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... How To Enable The Handwriting Keyboard On Android Wear 2.0 Preview 1 Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2016/05/23 12:10pm PDTMay 23, 2016 19 Plus 1 on G+ 25 Share on Facebook 0 Share on Twitter Total Shares44 Android Wear News Tips & Tutorials After Google released the Android Wear 2.0 Preview images for the Huawei Watch and LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition, many of us quickly flashed the firmware onto our watches to test out the new features. Most of the major changes are pretty easy to find, and some could even be said to be a little in-your-face. However, we saw quite a few people were confused by what seemed to be the absence of the handwriting keyboard. It turns out that it's just not enabled by default on the preview firmware. While it's not exactly buried, knowing that it has to be activated and where to go isn't very intuitive; so we've made a quick how-to guide for those that got a little lost. Disclaimer: These steps work on Android Wear 2.0 Preview 1, and may not match precisely in future releases. Enabling The Handwriting Keyboard Step 1 – Get to the right settings screen Start by launching the Settings app. This can be done either by pulling down the quick settings panel while the watchface is showing or by launching it from the app drawer. Once in Settings, find Input Methods in the list and open it. Now tap on the 3-dot option that lists the "Current" keyboard. Notice the list only contains Google Keyboard. Tap the button labeled CHOOSE KEYBOARDS. Step 2 – Enable and switch to the Handwriting keyboard At this point, you should be looking at a screen with a couple sliding toggles. The Handwriting toggle is probably disabled and the Google Keyboard toggle is enabled. Tap the Handwriting line to switch it to enabled if it isn't already, then back out to the previous screen using the hardware button. The list of keyboards now contains Handwriting, but the big white dot is still set to Google Keyboard. Tap the Handwriting line to switch the selector to that keyboard, then hit the hardware button to back out one more step. Note: At this point, the handwriting keyboard is enabled and selected. The next step is optional. Step 3 – Manage Handwriting keyboard settings If it wasn't obvious before (and it isn't), the items on the Input Methods screen after the 3-dot item are shortcuts to the individual Settings for each keyboard. Tap on the Handwriting keyboard to make some selections. (Yeah, this settings screen isn't even remotely optimized for round displays.) The list of options include a language selector and options to send handwriting samples and usage statistics back to Google. Usage statistics are enabled by default, but the samples are not. Make changes as you see fit. Step 4 – Using the keyboard Anytime a text input option becomes available, a screen with three icons will appear. From left to right, they are a microphone for voice dictation, a smiley for emoji entry, and a keyboard for text input with whatever keyboard you've selected. Tap the keyboard to start the handwriting input. Tip: Long-press on the keyboard icon to quickly switch between keyboards without going back to the Settings screen. Using the Handwriting keyboard is really straight-forward, especially if you've seen the demos. You simply use a finger to draw letters, numbers, and symbols. Once you start drawing, the text will slide away to the left (or presumably to the right for RTL languages). Short pauses or larger gaps between words can help the keyboard figure out where spaces belong. There's a backspace key at the bottom-left that will delete a single character with a tap or many characters with a press-and-hold. There's a confirmation button in the form of a checkmark to the right. That's about it. Have fun with the Wear 2.0 Preview! Tags android wear android wear 2.0 handwriting handwriting recognition how-to keyboards texting subscribe ... Previous Story T-Mobile Galaxy S5 Receives Android Marshmallow OTA Update ... Next Story Android N Developer Preview 3 Includes A Tweaked Package Installer UI Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Alex Dueppen That settings page looks like it must have been tested on a phone or something. Cody Toombs I haven't poked around at the apk, but I've got a feeling it's the regular handwriting keyboard with just enough extra code to perform the sliding effect, show those couple of buttons, and maybe make a few other obligatory tweaks for the watch. Jared K RIP in piece LG G Watch R :( Protoss That's a preview just saying... specs are the same on the G Watch R and the Huawei Watch, and even if they dont release 2.0 on the G Watch R we still have XDA Jared K I know, im just sad that they didn't give us a preview build. Ted Voltolina Is there a question about 2.0 coming to GWaR or not? I thought they said at I/O that it would be coming to "everybody" soon. Cody Toombs Do you know when/where that was said? I've tried to keep up with everything, but so much came out of there last week. Ted Voltolina I could have sworn Sundar said it in the keynote during the bit on Wear 2.0. It was either him or the specialist who came out to talk about Wear 2.0. But I'm pretty sure it was during the keynote. Cody Toombs Hmm, ok. I'll probably rewatch that sometime this week anyway. Just curious since I've started to have my doubts about this update reaching everybody. The ostensible requirement for a hardware button and a couple of features that seem to demand a little more screen real estate have me wondering how well this will work out on the original G Watch and a few others like it. Ted Voltolina David Singleton said it here. At least that's how I'm interpreting it, what do you think? https://youtu.be/862r3XS2YB0?t=1h24m15s Cody Toombs I don't know... That could be a lot like the announcements for a new version of Android where they say "everyone" can get it in the Fall. What they really mean is most people will get it in the Winter or Spring, and many others won't get it at all. It could totally go both ways. I'm hoping it hits every watch, but not holding the highest of expectations because some concessions will have to be made somewhere to get all of the different watches to work with what we can currently see in Wear 2.0. Ted Voltolina Do you think it helps the G Watch R's case that it has the same specs as the Huawei Watch, which is one of the two watches that are getting the 2.0 dev preview? Robin The R will get it for sure imo. The only ones I have doubts about are the original G Watch and the Moto 360 Gen1 (which I own) because of the lack of a hardware button/has a underpowered omap cpu FroodyFrog Look at http://www.lg.com/uk/smart-watches/lg-W110 under Tech Specs. It says it supports AW 2.0 I know that this is the UK site, but the point still remains. (US one just says AW) Ted Voltolina Good find! I hope that's the case. G Watch R is the most affordable circular watch without a flat tire, and it does what I need it to do. I'm very reluctant to upgrade as long as it keeps getting updates (and doesn't break). To me, it's the Nexus 5 of Android watches. cbn4forums There is no way I am going to try to hand-write anything on my watch when I can easily pull out my phone and do it better. Stephen Cornwell It's great for short replies. How do you define better? whispy_snippet While I don't own an Android wear device, the handwriting input method seems perfect for a smart watch. I feel like it should be the default input method. It's simple and intuitive enough to quickly type out a short "there in five" or "I'm running late" but not powerful enough to tempt someone to write a lengthy email (like a keyboard does). Stephen Cornwell Couldn't agree more. I use voice replies on my watch when appropriate and now handwriting for quick replies when it's not. It's actually quicker than a voice reply for a short "ok". Francois Nguyen I am on Wear 2.0 on my LG Urbane v1. I currently use FlickKey Keyboard on the watch to answer back from SMS or from Whatsapp. It's doable. I actually make a habit of typing from that from now on. Just need to redo muscle memory because I have to "flick" on the keyboard instead of "typing". (A flick is like a MUCH shorter swipe.) icyhotmike The GWR will get Wear 2.0 The hardware is very capable of supporting it. FroodyFrog LG UK pretty much confirmed it (look under tech specs): http://www.lg.com/uk/smart-watches/lg-W110 icyhotmike That pretty much proves it. Good find. VCat24 Yeeeeesss Dave How are the Google Now cards handled under Wear 2.0? How do they look like now? Right now they are displayed very unintuitive I think. Geoff Johnson There are no more "cards". You get a little animation on a new notification, and when you swipe up you see a full screen page with that notification. Dave But all this Google Now content (weather, sports scores, ETA to work and so on) still has to be somewhere, no? Right now this is bundled under one card and when you want to see all that information you have to click on it first. Geoff Johnson I used to get them before but I have not seen those useless Now cards since I upgraded to 2.0 Wontime Nice Alex Espinosa I'm debating on upgrading my Moto 360 1st gen to a new smartwatch to take advantage of the upcoming update. Is it worth the upgrade now or hang on to my current watch until a new watch is announced? Dave I'd suggest you wait until the first batch of watches with AW 2.0 out of the box is announced. If you don't like any of these you can still buy an older one. Until AW 2.0 is officially out it still takes some time anyway. Cody Toombs It sorta depends on what you're trying to get. If you want the latest and greatest, so to speak, I too suggest waiting. It works a lot like phones, but since watches are so new to the market, the timeline is shorter. The Huawei Watch is over 6 months old, and the Urbane 2nd edition existed for about as long (though released super late). There are new processors coming to watches very soon, and those are going to be more powerful and more power-efficient. On the other side of it, if you're more interested in saving a bit of money while still enjoying the ride with Android Wear, I'd suggest waiting for a sale or price drop on the Huawei Watch or Urbane 2nd edition, or even the 2nd gen Moto 360 (depending on which looks best to you). I haven't tried the others, but I really like the Huawei Watch. it's monumentally better than the 1st gen 360. But if you're not going to target the absolute latest releases, let your upgrade timing coincide with some good savings which can go toward another upgrade down the line. FroodyFrog I'm fairly pleased with the Huawei Watch. Could I get better battery life with a newer watch down the road? Most likely, especially since like you said the new processors will be used. However, for $150, the Huawei Watch is a great deal, so I'm not complaining. With the announcement of AW 2.0 though, there aren't any features which I am not getting. After all, it's not like they announced NFC support for mobile payments. I feel like the only advantage the next round of watches will have over the Huawei Watch is better battery life. If that's true, then I can see myself holding onto it until some time in late 2017, if not later. (I feel like there's room for a pun here, and I apologize for that.) Robin Where did you get the Huawei Watch for $150? 😯. That's something I would also be willing to spend. On other thoughts, something the next generation will have is LTE, although it's debatable if it is worth it. But I personally would love LTE on my watch, so I could leaf my phone at home while running. FroodyFrog To answer your question if it's worth it, I personally wouldn't spring for the next gen if LTE is the only main difference. I'm pleased with the HWatch, and can't see myself upgrading just yet. Then again, I said the same thing with the LG G Watch. I think this because I usually have my phone with me anyways, so standalone GPS and LTE is somewhat unnecessary for me. Robin OK, thanks :) Just one more thing: where did you get the Huawei watch for $150? FroodyFrog What I said is my own situation. I'm assuming that numerous people would feel otherwise (I.e that it's worth it to upgrade from an HWatch to someone from the next batch) Robin .? FroodyFrog Last week I tried flashing AW 2.0 to my Huawei Watch. The flash-all script crashed every time I tried running it, so I manually flashed each image. Watch didn't boot (must have left out a file), so I went back to 1.4 (having to manually flash each image because the script didn't like me) Anyways... a few hours ago, I decided to flash the various images again, and it worked. I'm not a fan of the full screen notifications, although I do like the bit on the side to show how far down the menu I am. Google search works in the sense that it recognizes my commands, but it doesn't actually do anything else (i.e open apps or do a web search). I have mixed feelings about the way to change watch faces; I like that it only shows the ones which I select from my list of faces through the watch list (like a favorites menu), but for them to change it to swipe left/right from main screen is where I have mixed feelings. I do like the fact that now there's it has a keyboard with the handwriting input (as I do longer need to use 3rd party keyboards, since I either need another xposed module to use it, or another app + xposed module to use a 3rd party keyboard). Jan Machovec The question is, am I gonna get Wear 2 on my Moto 360 2014? Jan Machovec Is there actually an Android Wear watch that doesn't go with the newest 1.4? PieterAelse I want to know this as well!! Must be Bluetooth or impossible and wait for the OTA... Unless Google does the preview/beta for Wear the same way they did if for the Nexii, register and OTA the preview/beta. Would be nice! zahid ali How come i dont see the input Methods option in my LG watch 2 . please help Fabio Monteiro How do I type underscore on Android Wear2.0? Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 123 queries | 0.372s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Nancy Messieh Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Make a Fillable Form in Word 2016 & Collect Data the Easy Way Productivity Make a Fillable Form in Word 2016 & Collect Data the Easy Way Saikat Basu May 30, 2017 30-05-2017 8 minutes Make a Fillable Form in Word 2016 & Collect Data the Easy Way Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Have you ever seen a beautiful form in your life? I don’t think I have. The bland paper form just wants your damned information and then head towards a dusty file somewhere. That’s where an electronic fillable form can shine. First, you can create and broadcast one at the speed of a few clicks. Second, you can make them pop out from the screen with imaginative design. Third, you don’t need a dusty file. Fillable forms aren’t Adobe Acrobat’s turf anymore. Several tools can help you make intelligent forms on the fly. Google Forms is the first popular tool that comes to mind. But there are other reliable alternatives to Google Forms The Finest 14 Google Forms Alternatives You Should Try The Finest 14 Google Forms Alternatives You Should Try There's a world outside of Google and some pretty great Google Forms alternatives. Find out if these web apps and tools are as effective for you as Google Forms is. Read More out there. Microsoft Word included. You may not have paid attention to Word’s powerful abilities 10 Hidden Microsoft Word Features that Will Make Your Life Easier 10 Hidden Microsoft Word Features that Will Make Your Life Easier Microsoft Word is deceptively simple. You are fine as long as you fire up a document and just type. But Microsoft Word wouldn't be the Swiss knife it is without its productive features. Read More because you didn’t need to create a form yet. Also, a fillable form is an advanced feature in Microsoft Word that you might want to do with a gun pointed at your head. But you should master it because you never know when you may need to gather data or feedback from a target audience. It All Starts with a Plan Think of it this way. Your goal is to coax information and not arm-twist it with a form that would make the J. Edgar’s of this world proud. Your objective is to achieve your goals and that of the user. For example, you can use a form to ask for feedback from the visitors to your site 5 Essential Forms That Every Website Needs to Have 5 Essential Forms That Every Website Needs to Have Here are five form types that you should consider adding to your website. Read More and expand your own knowledge. Your goal as a website owner is to meet user expectations and boost traffic to your page. Keep it simple. Think about the user-friendliness of the labels, input fields, and the action buttons in the form. Ask the right questions. Ask only what you really need. Extra information can be left for other forms of communication. Make it easy to complete. Users should be able to scan the form in one sweep of the eye. Form design is an entire subject. You should consider other factors as well, like ensuring the privacy of the form and the data validation that follows. These three are over-arching goals you should set yourself. So, let’s move to the Microsoft Word Ribbon and a special tab where it all starts. The Developer Tab Is the Control Center for Your Form The process to create our first form starts in the Developer tab on the Ribbon. You can’t spot it yet as it is disabled by default. Let’s bring it to the surface. Go to File > Options > Customize Ribbon. Under the long list of main tabs on the right, select the checkbox for Developer. Click OK. The Developer controls now have a place on the Ribbon. Add the Content Controls Content controls are interactive elements that help you design documents and templates quickly. They are containers for specific content in a document. These form controls have been part of Word since 2007. They are the building blocks for any form. Every content control has properties which can be set to take information from the user and collect data. Type in the details that you want the recipients to fill out – like Name, Gender, Age, Country, Mobile Number, Operating System…and a few more. Using a table to neatly organize the fields is always a good idea. Here’s how the skeleton of the form looks… Now, we have to add the Content Controls from the Developer tab which will make this form more interactive. Select the Developer tab.  Insert the cursor where you want the control to appear. Under the Controls group, you can see that there are ten content control options to choose from depending on the user input you want. Choose the Right Content Control for Your Form Rich Text Content Control: Users can type more than one line and format the text as bold or italic. Plain Text Content Control: Users can only enter text in the plain text format. Picture Content Control: This control displays an image. You can specify the image or users can click this control to select an image to insert in the document. Building Block Gallery Content Control: This is useful for more complex documents when you want people to choose a specific block of text. A building block is any predesigned piece of content. This control can hold these pre-designed blocks for you to select the right one. Building blocks can help you create forms with many variables quickly. For example, you can create three different terms of an agreement as three building blocks. With this control, you select one to apply in the form. Check Box Content Control: Users can select one or more options from a pre-defined list in the form. Combo Box Content Control: Users can select from a list of options that you provide or they can type in their own information. Drop-Down List Content Control: Users can select one or multiple options from a drop-down list. Date Picker Content Control: Allows the user to choose a date from the displayed calendar. Repeating Section Content Control: This content control can be used to collect different versions of the same data. With this, you can repeat the sections of your form as needed. Legacy Tools: These are the field types that were available in older versions of Word. For instance: frames. You can continue to use them in Word 2016 when you want to save a form for an older version of Word. Now, all you have to is add the Content Controls at the right places in your document and then use the Content Control Properties to configure them for taking the right kind of data from the users. Let’s do this in the next section. Add All Content Controls Insert the cursor where you want the control to appear. Choose from the ten Content Controls as per the user input you want. For instance, Name needs a Plain Text Control as a fillable data field. Gender could do with Checkboxes for male, female, and others as appropriate. For boilerplate text, you can use the Building Block Gallery Content Control. Here’s how our simple form looks like after all the Content Controls have been placed at the right places. Set the Properties for Each Content Controls Each content control has properties that you can restrict or change. For example, the Date Picker control offers options for the format you want to use to display the date. Click the content control that you want to change. Go to the Developer tab and click Properties. Change the properties that you want. For instance, you can select a specific symbol for the checkbox instead of the standard checkmark. You can set the Date Picker to accept dates in a specific month-date-year format. Here’s another illustration of a drop-down list. By default, the Display Name and Value will be the same, but you can change it if you like. You don’t need to change the values unless you are using Word macros to further work on the form fields. Once you have filled the drop-down list, click. Users will be able to select the options from the drop-down list in the finished form. Add Filler Text to Guide the User Each content control displays a filler text. For instance, the Plain Text Content Control tells you to “Click or tap here to enter text“. The Content Control Properties dialog allows you to tweak this text and make the instructions more relevant to the data you are looking for. This is helpful because you would want to make the instructions as clear as possible for the user. Tweak the default instructional text in few quick steps: Go to the Developer tab and click Design Mode. Click the content control where you want to revise the placeholder instructional text. Edit the placeholder text and format it any way you want. On the Developer tab click Design Mode to turn off the design feature. Save the instructional text. Finalize the Form and Restrict Unintentional Editing You don’t want users to change the form fields and break the integrity of the information you are looking for. With a single command, you can lock down the editing of form content by anyone other than yourself. Open the form that you want to lock or protect. Click Home > Select > Select All (or press CTRL+A). Click Developer > Restrict Editing. A Restrict Editing pane will be displayed on the right. Click on the dropdown for Editing restrictions and choose Filling in forms. Enable the Allow only this type of editing checkbox above it. Click on Yes, Start Enforcing Protection and then enter a password to secure the restrictions. Now, everything is locked and the user can only access the form fields to enter data. Always, test the form before sending it. Open the form, fill it out as the user would, and then save a copy in a location that you want. This is a form at its simplest. Formatting and designing with Word’s other tools can turn even this simple form into a powerful document for data exchange. Let’s leave that for another future article. Do You Need to Design a Form Right Now? A form is an engagement tool. It is also a tool for transactions thanks to the legal acceptance of electronic and digital signatures Is Your Electronic Signature Legal Around the World? Is Your Electronic Signature Legal Around the World? Are electronic signatures valid and legal around the world? Are they more preferable to the inked handwritten signature in a paperless world? We look at what the law says globally. Read More around the world. If you have a business of any kind, you can make your own forms and keep them around as form templates 10 Free Business Form Templates You Should Keep Handy 10 Free Business Form Templates You Should Keep Handy Business templates can save you lots of time. Here we show you a selection of business form templates you can download for free. Read More for any situation. Do you create your own forms? How convenient do you find Microsoft Word as compared to the more popular Google Forms or many other online alternatives? Image Credit: Andrey_Popov via Shutterstock.com Originally written by Saikat Basu on July 25, 2011. Previous PostIf Microsoft Word Crashes, Do This Right Away to Recover Unsaved WorkNext PostSome Cool Keyboard Tricks Few People Know About 47 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Duane January 17, 2017 at 3:35 am easier to make gross revenue in one case you eat on your bed fauna aware with a not bad inhabitant feature, but it make up one's mind alter the results attender. Committing to a associate who makes timbre picturing equipment. When cookery with regale but to go out assist. some areas areasnow take NBA Basketball Jerseys MLB Baseball Jerseys NBA Basketball Jerseys MLB Baseball Jerseys MLB Baseball Jerseys MLB Baseball Jerseys expenditures without having the items you tire out, on that point is no denying the information that the items that are nipping and flavourous food product of this clause and see what rattling complex. habitus forceful and according to your friends and social unit. They can genuinely promote germinate the essential traction necessary Reply clarkson October 30, 2016 at 4:20 pm Great Info there! Wonder if it is possible to export an excel cell content into a content control rich text? Will a plus point if can refresh by itself when the cell is been updated. Reply fillable August 31, 2016 at 5:01 pm this is very good website Reply jay June 28, 2016 at 5:09 am I have a table with fields in, when I type text in a column the text in the field moves down into another row. I have tried to restrict it to 3 lines in maximum length but this does not seem to stop the text from moving down. Does 2010 have the option like adobe pro where the text would stay in the column & row but just makes the font smaller enabling it to stay in the field. Reply Kathleen June 22, 2016 at 2:08 pm I created a fillable form and password protected it. However When i open it on my Android phone it is no longer protected and when I open it on an iphone you can fill in the form.. How do I fix the form so it can by used on computers, iphone and android phone? Reply CA 35 Mike December 8, 2015 at 3:05 pm FYI: common grammatical error at, http://www.makeuseof.com/tag/fillable-form-word-2010-collect-data-easy/ "Available since Word 2007, there home is on the Developer tab" should be "their home is on..." I appreciate the resources and tips you offer. Reply Amanda March 25, 2015 at 3:40 pm I use the "Restrict Editing" feature on my Word form (with a password no one but myself knows), limiting folks to just filling in the form. That said, each year when I collect them from my program participants, a few people ALWAYS manage to override my protections and are able to 1) override drop-down menus and type in whatever they want in the field or 2) type outside the text fields. Any idea how folks are getting around my protection? Thanks! Reply Matthew April 8, 2015 at 1:21 am You can easily unlock any work document by saving it as a html file, open the html file with notepad to see the code behind the document. You then use the find function to quickly search for the term "enforcement = 1" or "enforcement = yes" and change the 1 to a 0 or change the yes to a no, close, save and voila! the document now has zero protection. (sources: Google). Reply Dean March 17, 2015 at 3:02 pm Is there any way to make a fillable form functional in the tablet/iPad version of Word? I have Office 365 Word on my iPad and can't seem to get the fillable form fields to work. Thank you. Reply Saikat March 17, 2015 at 4:56 pm Honestly, no idea as I don't own a tablet. Maybe, you can pitch this in our Answers section. Reply Fiona February 25, 2015 at 12:44 am Hi :) For a text form field I've got Default Text to give users a hint regarding the type of data they need to enter into that field. How do I stop that default text from printing if the user doesn't populate that field? I've tried the add helpt text section in the field properties but whatever I type doesn't appear in the document. Reply Saikat February 25, 2015 at 5:17 am Enter the Developer mode. Click on the box in question and click properties Remove the default text Once you protect the document again that text will disappear and the blank space now appears. I don't think there's any other way. But do ask in our Answers section. Someone might have a neat tip. Reply Fiona February 25, 2015 at 12:35 am Hi :) For a text form field I've got Default Text to give users a hint regarding the type of data they need to enter into that field. How do I stop that default text from printing if the user doesn't populate that field? I've tried the add helpt text section in the field properties but whatever I type doesn't appear in the document. Reply Joel January 20, 2015 at 12:50 pm Hi, How would I get about getting the information from the form and displaying them in something like a label elsewhere in the same document?? cheers great post Reply Saikat January 21, 2015 at 5:44 pm I haven't tried that yet, but maybe, follow the same steps as for mail merge into labels? Reply Kent January 19, 2015 at 10:57 pm Excellent tutorial. I have a Word 2010 document where I would to create a number field where the user must enter a number greater than a predetermined minimum. So for example the user can enter anything over 500, but not 499 or less. Is there a way to restrict user entered data like this...thank you in advance Reply Saikat January 20, 2015 at 7:05 am As far as I know, data validation is much more difficult in Word and is an overkill. The easier tool to use is Excel. Hopefully, this WordTips tutorialwill help you out. Reply Anthony January 5, 2015 at 4:24 am I have a form with several different types of content controls (ie. checkbox, dropdown, etc.) I want to be able to search for all dropdown controls and replace them with a checkbox control. How do I do this? Reply Saikat January 12, 2015 at 9:16 am Not sure how to answer this. Why don't you try our community in our Answers section.. Reply Elango December 31, 2014 at 8:16 am I need for how to export image content control Reply uchesgirl December 16, 2014 at 11:05 pm Your article didn't mention anything about how to collect the data, after the document has been created. I need assistance in that area. I would like to import the data in Excel or Access. Reply MaryB May 1, 2015 at 3:57 pm I have the same question. I need to know how to get this data from the filled out forms into Excel. thanks! Reply MaryB May 1, 2015 at 4:05 pm I have the same question. I need to know how to get this data from the filled out forms into Excel. thanks! Reply Mark Ian Alloso January 17, 2017 at 3:27 am The same situation at the moment. Any update on how to fix this one please? Reply Saikat Basu January 22, 2017 at 6:37 am This solution is the easiest one -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LgopxVe-Uc There are other solutions that use the power of VBA . YouTube has a few videos on that as well. But all in all looks like time for another article ;) Devon Wright December 14, 2014 at 9:40 pm Yes , this has helped me to complete a section of an assignment I am doing on interactive CD . I never had a clue how to create such a interactive feedback form. However , I used Word 2007 so I could not get 'check boxes' for age , gender and so on ; I used text for all questions! The drop box for properties never appeared , neither for restriction for editing the question but I was able to use 'Group' to prevent editing by the user. Thanks! Reply CindyHaight October 17, 2011 at 4:53 pm I need to add a function where the user can tab from field to field when completing a form. Where is this function? Reply Saikat Basu October 22, 2011 at 7:38 pm I am not sure of the answer myself. Maybe, you can post it in our Answers section and ask for the solution from the wider community. Reply Chris October 16, 2011 at 6:34 pm Thanks a million for taking the time to compose, type and present this great info, you taught me something it would have taken hours to learn on my own. I do appreciate your time and hard work involved in creating this helpful posting.  It is definitely helping people and changing the world for the common good. Chris Reply Niels Grundtvig Nielsen October 11, 2011 at 8:45 am When I try this - just adding checkboxes - the [Yes, Start Enforcing Protection] button remains disabled. All I've managed to find is vague suggestions about DRM, which seems a bit like overkill. Any tips will be welcome!   Reply Kim October 4, 2011 at 1:18 pm Hi, Great tutorial.  However, when I protect it and save it as a .dotx and then send it to myself, none of the controls (check boxes or text boxes) are accessible.  I created it in Word 2010. I emailed it to a Word 2007 pc and nothing is working at all.  Any help/advice would be appreciated Reply Saikat Basu October 6, 2011 at 11:49 am I guess it will only work as a 2010 document. You cannot use it if you create it in the upgraded version and open it up again in the 2007 version. Reply Saikat Basu October 14, 2011 at 7:43 pm It won't work with the 2007 version. You have to save it as a dotx file and not as doc. Some of the advanced controls are meant for Word 2010. Reply Saikat Basu September 27, 2011 at 3:29 am There is a maxlength property. I suppose you can use that. You can also set properties like multi-line, word wrap, and auto-size. Reply Shamelin September 23, 2011 at 2:01 pm Is there an easy way to know how many characters will fit into a text box? I often need to use several different size boxes and find it difficult to ensure that the text will not "roll" out of the readable area of the box. Reply hoangmi September 20, 2011 at 6:56 am Thank you for this wonderful tutorial. I've filled this website URL in my 'useful websites' folder. I have one question: Can we make a bigger box than the tick box for yes/no question that respondents can fill digits? Reply Saikat Basu September 22, 2011 at 10:22 am I am not sure I understand your question. You can use a Rich Text Content control or a Plain Text Control. Using an ActiveX control allows you to set dimensions. Reply Griego September 15, 2011 at 6:08 pm How can I add a line below the active area so it appears that the user is typing on a line? Reply Saikat Basu September 15, 2011 at 8:09 pm I am not sure of this myself. You can use Active X Controls (Text Box) and work with the values given in the Categorized tab of the Active X control's Properties box. But I didn't get the desired result in my trial. You can put this question to the wiser community in our Answers section. Reply Guest September 26, 2011 at 8:43 pm I don't know if it works in 10 - but I had good luck in 2003 with clicking in the "box" and picking underline.  It will then underline what you type in the box.  I didn't test... Reply JayBird70 October 21, 2011 at 11:37 pm When you create a text box go to home and underline it......I hope this help.  It worked for me Reply Becca12 September 8, 2011 at 2:57 pm This is very helpful, thanks.  Is there a way for me to create a field for text that is restricted in length, and that also is filled with background color?  I'd like the fillable areas to be colored to indicate where input is needed. Reply N2s2k2 September 3, 2011 at 1:31 am I want to add Date of Birth with three separate Day, Month, Year dropdowns. How to do that? Reply Saikat Basu September 7, 2011 at 7:13 pm The easiest way would be to add a Date Picker Control from the Developer tab. But if you want to insert separate dropdowns, the each dropdown has to be populated with values for day, month, and year from the properties tab of the Dropdown List Control. Reply Umariking August 4, 2011 at 4:50 pm Simply great. but please tell us how to collect the data in the above filled forms to MS Access.  Thanking You for the above post Reply Saikat Basu August 5, 2011 at 3:58 am That's slightly more complicated. You have to create a ADODB connection between the two. Couldn't find an updated tutorial on it for Office 2010, but you can check out an old MSDN article. The process should be similar. Reply Anonymous August 2, 2011 at 9:17 am great post dude... Reply Saikat Basu 1217 articles Saikat is a techno-adventurer in a writer's garb. When he is not scouring the net for tech news, you can catch him looking for life hacks and learning tidbits. You can find him on LinkedIn & Twitter watching over the world. Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Trending Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Android Entertainment Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right… Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You… This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Advertisement Related Articles If You Want to View Documents in Chrome, You Need This! Productivity If You Want to View Documents in Chrome, You Need This! Some Cool Keyboard Tricks Few People Know About Windows Productivity Some Cool Keyboard Tricks Few People Know About PDFfiller Is the Complete PDF Solution for Editing, Signing, and Filing Promoted Productivity PDFfiller Is the Complete PDF Solution for Editing, Signing, and Filing Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Law & Disorder — Uber engineer Levandowski, accused of massive theft from Google, has been fired Engineer is accused of grabbing 14,000 files before founding his own startup. Joe Mullin - May 30, 2017 8:24 pm UTC Enlarge / Anthony Levandowski, VP of engineering at Uber, speaking to reporters at the Uber Advanced Technologies Center on September 13, 2016 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. ANGELO MERENDINO/AFP/Getty Images reader comments 142 Share this story The Uber engineer at the center of the company's litigation with Waymo, Anthony Levandowski, has been fired. Levandowski's termination was made clear in an internal e-mail and reported earlier today by The New York Times. An Uber spokesperson confirmed the news to Ars Technica. Google's self-driving car division, Waymo, sued Uber in February, claiming that Levandowski downloaded more than 14,000 files while he was a Google employee, including trade secrets. Uber has not denied that Levandowski may have taken files but maintains that its self-driving car technology was built independently from the ground up. The company says Google's files didn't make their way to Uber. Levandowski, who was not a defendant in the lawsuit against Uber, has declined to answer most questions and asserted his Fifth Amendment rights. In the e-mail obtained by the Times, Uber associate general counsel Angela Padilla wrote: Over the last few months Uber has provided significant evidence to the court to demonstrate that our self-driving technology has been built independently. Over that same period, Uber has urged Anthony to fully cooperate in helping the court get to the facts and ultimately helping to prove our case. US District Judge William Alsup noted that Uber could terminate Levandowski in his order earlier this month, which barred Levandowski from any work on lidar systems. He also referred the case to the US Attorney for possible criminal investigation. In court hearings, Uber has emphasized its massive discovery efforts. The ride-sharing company points out that it has interviewed dozens of employees and sifted through more than 12 terabytes of data looking for Google's files. Uber has additional discovery deadlines coming up in June. Uber has been pressing Levandowski to assist with its internal investigation for months, but Levandowski recently failed to meet a deadline for compliance, according to an Uber spokesperson. Eric Meyerhofer, who took charge of Uber's Advanced Technology Group in April, will now lead the self-driving car efforts. Joe Mullin Joe has covered the intersection of law and technology, including the world's biggest copyright and patent battles, since 2007. Email joe.mullin@arstechnica.com // Twitter @joemullin reader comments 142 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Sign In E-mail * Password * Sign In Forgotten Password? Create Account Search form SEARCH Register Subscribe Sign In About Home News Books Charts Blogs Insight Children's FutureBook Events Careers Jobs Digital Children's Retail Rights Books International Academic Frankfurt Book Fair You are here Home News Oxford student wins inaugural $100k Nine Dots Prize Oxford student wins inaugural $100k Nine Dots PrizePublished May 30, 2017 by Natasha Onwuemezi Share Share on Facebook Tweet this on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share on Linkedin James Williams, a doctoral candidate researching design ethics at Oxford University and former Google employee, has won the inaugural $100,000 (£77,730) Nine Dots Prize. James Williams, a doctoral candidate researching design ethics at Oxford University and former Google employee, has won the inaugural $100,000 (£77,730) Nine Dots Prize. Established to promote and encourage innovative thinking to address problems facing the modern world, the Nine Dots Prize is It is funded by the Kadas Prize Foundation, an English registered charity established to fund research into significant but neglected questions relevant to today’s world, and supported by Cambridge University Press and the Centre for Research in the Arts, Social Sciences and Humanities (CRASSH), both departments of the University of Cambridge. Up against competition from over 700 other entrants from around the world, 35-year-old Williams’ 3,000-word answer to the set question ‘Are digital technologies making politics impossible?’ was deemed the most original and innovative by the 10-strong board of academics, journalists and thinkers judging the prize. His entry 'Stand Out of Our Light: Freedom and Persuasion in the Attention Economy' argues that digital technologies are making all forms of politics worth having impossible as they privilege our impulses over our intentions and are "designed to exploit our psychological vulnerabilities in order to direct us toward goals that may or may not align with our own". As well as the $100,000 prize money, Williams has been awarded a book deal with Cambridge University Press for a book in which he will develop his ideas on this topic. He will be supported by the editorial team at Cambridge University Press and will spend a term at CRASSH. Born in Cape Canaveral, Florida and raised in Texas, Williams is currently a doctoral candidate at the Oxford Internet Institute and Balliol College, Oxford, where he researches the philosophy and ethics of attention and persuasion as they relate to technology design. Prior to that he worked for over 10 years at Google, where he received the Founders’ Award – the company’s highest honour – for his work on advertising products and tools. Williams said: “I'm honoured, grateful, heartened, energised and overjoyed to have won this opportunity. I know that many others thought deeply about this question and put substantial time, attention and care into answering it. I'm looking forward to getting to work on producing a book that is worthy of the competition. “As Neil Postman pointed out in the 1980s, we’re far more attuned to Orwellian threats to freedom such as coercion and force, than to the subtler, more indirect threats of persuasion or manipulation of the sort Aldous Huxley warned us about when he predicted that it’s not what we fear but what we desire that will control us. Yet today these Huxleyan threats pose the far greater risk, and I’m extremely encouraged that the Nine Dots Prize Board has chosen to give its attention to these pressing matters. Their important question is not only compelling but also timely, and this competition is a fascinating and original way of putting such a crucial subject on the societal radar.” Professor Goldhill said: “This competition was uniquely exciting: all the entries were anonymous, and we had no idea whether we were reading the proposal of a professor, a novelist, a postman, a student or a lawyer. It turned out afterwards we had plenty of all of these among our more than 700 applications. We aimed to discover a new voice, and luckily we have: an as-yet unpublished individual with experience of the tech industry and of academia. There were several proposals that the board felt would make excellent books, but we think we have the best – and we hope that a really lively public debate will follow its publication. The issue it addresses is hugely important, and this is a new and thrilling way of starting such a discussion.” Nine Dots Prize James Williams Share Share on Facebook Tweet this on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share on Linkedin View the discussion thread. Latest Jobs Project Manager, Production Temp / Freelance Production Controller/Manager Head of Product Marketing More Jobs Latest News Stories Rio Ferdinand pens grief memoir Indies are doing the 'heavy lifting', says Jhalak Prize founder Yvette Cowles dies Canongate bags Tracey Thorn's 'exploration of suburbia' Mindful calligraphy book to Bluebird Danny Wallace pens two more Hamish books for S&S The Official UK CHART 1. The World's Worst Children 2 by Walliams, David 2. The Wrong Side of Goodbye by Michael Connelly 3. The Clever Guts Diet by Mosley, Michael & Borowski, Tanya 4. This Was a Man by Jeffrey Archer 5. The Couple Next Door by Shari Lapena 6. I See You by Clare Mackintosh 7. Night School by Lee Child 8. Into the Water by Paula Hawkins 9. Pharaoh by Wilbur Smith 10. Lord of Shadows by Clare, Cassandra More Charts Latest issue view online or subscribe now Issue No 5759 Friday, June 2 2017 Back issues available here Site Map Advertise Jobs Contact About Us Editorial Features Privacy Policy ©2017 Bookseller Media Ltd rights reserved. At the Heart of Publishing since 1858
Uber fires self-driving car exec amid legal battle with Google - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Uber fires self-driving car exec amid legal battle with Google Posted: Tuesday, May 30, 2017 3:52 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, May 30, 2017 4:23 PM EDT Anthony Levandowski, the exec who oversaw Uber's self-driving efforts until recently, was terminated after failing to meet a deadline to comply with an internal investigation into the matter, according to an Uber spokesperson. By Seth Fiegerman NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Uber has fired the self-driving car executive at the center of a legal battle with Google over stolen intellectual property. Anthony Levandowski, the exec who oversaw Uber's self-driving efforts until recently, was terminated after failing to meet a deadline to comply with an internal investigation into the matter, according to an Uber spokesperson. Waymo, Google's self-driving car company, is suing Uber for allegedly using technology stolen by Levandowski while he was still at Google. Waymo claims Levandowski took 14,000 secret documents from the company. The lawsuit threatens to derail Uber's self-driving car project, which has been pitched as the future of the ride-hailing juggernaut. Levandowski had stepped aside from leading the company's self-driving efforts last month as the court battle kicked off. Levandowski's firing marks a stunning end for the star executive. Uber acquired Otto, an autonomous trucking startup founded by Levandowski, less than two years ago. The deal was reported to have a price tag of $680 million. "I feel like we're brothers from another mother," Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said of Levandowski in an interview at the time of the acquisition. Eric Meyhofer, the director of engineering at Uber's advantaged technologies group, has been leading the self-driving team since Levandowski stepped aside and will continue to do so. The executive shuffle comes as Uber faces PR crises on all fronts. It is dealing with a sexual harassment investigation internally and is the subject of a criminal probe over a tool it built to help drivers dodge law enforcement in certain cities. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] May 30 GOOG: 975.88 4.41 Uber fires ex-Google engineer at center of self-driving lawsuit with Alphabet’s Waymo Abner Li - May. 30th 2017 12:14 pm PT @technacity Uber Waymo View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Anthony Levandowski, the former Google engineer at the center of Waymo and Uber’s legal battle, has been fired. This termination comes due to his continued refusal to cooperate in proceedings over whether the ride-sharing service stole Alphabet’s self-driving technology. Nintendo Switch First reported by the New York Times, Uber announced the firing of its vice president of technology in an internal email to employees today. Levandowski has long been ordered by a federal judge to hand over related evidence and testimony during recent hearings. Throughout the process, Uber has maintained that its self-driving technology did not copy Google’s earlier work. The company wanted Levandowski to cooperate in order to help with the case. However, the engineer cited his Fifth Amendment rights to avoid possible incrimination. With this firing, effective immediately, it’s clear that Uber was unsuccessful in doing so. In late April, Levandowski was removed from self-driving efforts and moved to another role at the company. Levandowski is accused of stealing information from 14,000 pages worth of documents related to Google’s self-driving technology before he left to build his own start-up, which was later purchased by Uber. At issue is whether Uber’s current efforts and progress are due to and built on Google’s achievements. Abner Li @technacity Is interested in the minutiae of Google and Alphabet. Tips/talk: abner@9to5g.com Favorite Gear Fitbit Charge 2 Breath of the Wild Joy-Con Guides Uber View THe Guide Waymo View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google’s Nik Collection of photo editing tools will no longer be updated Newsby John Callaham5 days ago 6 179 15 Google looks like it is slowly phasing out the use of its Nik Collection, the desktop PC-based photo editing tools. A new message on the collection’s official website has confirmed that Google now has “no plans to update the Collection or add new features over time.” There’s no specific reason given for why this decision was made. See also: Best Photo Editor Apps for Android March 10, 2017 Google first acquired the Nik Collection in 2012, as part of the purchase of the Germany-based Nik Software. The seven tools (Analog Efex Pro, Silver Efex Pro, HDR Efex Pro, Dfine, Color Efex Pro, Viveza, and Sharpener Pro) are in fact plug-ins for the Windows and Mac versions of Photoshop, Photoshop Elements, Lightroom, and Aperture. Before Google acquired the Nik Collection, Nik Software sold the plug-ins for $500. Later, Google lowered the price to $149 and in March 2016, the company made the Nik Collection free to download and use. While the Nik Collection is still available to download, the fact that there will be no more updates strongly suggests that Google plans to eventually retire the plug-ins, so if you want to snap them up for your desktop Photoshop use, now might be the time. Google continues to support image editing tools for Android, including the main Google Photos app as well as Snapseed, the latter of which was also originally acquired as part of the purchase of Nik Software. News Google, Nik Collection Google, Nik Collection  Google  Engadget John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Show 6 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 14 hours ago25 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Uber fires ex-Google engineer accused of swiping trade secrets ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Uber fires ex-Google engineer accused of swiping trade secrets By Matthew Rocco Published May 30, 2017 Technology FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print FILE - In this Tuesday, Dec. 13, 2016 file photo, an Uber car in driverless mode waits in traffic during a test drive in San Francisco. Uber's self-driving cars will return to California's streets. But the company doesn't plan to pick up passengers ... for now. The California Department of Motor Vehicles said Wednesday, March 8, 2017, it has granted Uber permission to run two Volvo SUVs on public roads. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File) (AP) Expand Updated Continue Reading Below Uber has fired Anthony Levandowski, an executive at the center of a high-profile legal battle between the ride-hailing company and Google over driverless car technology. Waymo, the self-driving venture of Alphabet’s (GOOGL) Google, filed a lawsuit against Uber claiming it used stolen trade secrets to develop its own autonomous vehicles. Levandowski, who was once a Google engineer, allegedly swiped the documents from his former employer. Uber has denied the accusations in court, although Levandowski recently elected to use his Fifth Amendment rights when the company was ordered by a judge to turn over files. A spokesperson for Uber said it had been urging Levandowski to cooperate with an internal investigation for months, adding that he did not meet a deadline set by the company. Earlier this month, the judge presiding over the case suggested that it warrants a criminal investigation. However, he added that few of the allegedly stolen trade secrets appear in Uber’s self-driving technology. Levandowski is a co-founder of Otto, a San Francisco-based startup focused on developing software for self-driving big-rigs. Uber acquired Otto in 2016, and Levandowski became a vice president of technology at Uber. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT More from FOX Business Uber, Amid Scandals, Releases Financials: Says Growth Outpaces Losses Gas prices may hit 12-year low after busy Memorial Day: GasBuddy Daimler vows to buy more American parts for Alabama plant Waymo believes that Levandowski downloaded 14,000 documents while he still worked at Google, where he was a senior engineer in the tech giant’s fledgling driverless car venture. Waymo, which recently struck a new partnership with Uber rival Lyft, is attempting to show that Uber was aware of Levandowski’s alleged actions. Uber has fought back against those claims. The Uber spokesperson said employees who previously worked for Levandowski will now report to Eric Meyhofer, who took charge of the company’s Advanced Technologies Group in April. What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
null
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Entertainment Events EyeOpener Traffic Contests Weather 72° 72° Low 69° High 81° Mon 73° 86° Tue 71° 89° Wed 67° 91° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Uber fires self-driving car exec amid legal battle with Google Posted 3:00 PM, May 30, 2017, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email × Uber fires self-driving car exec amid legal battle with Google NEW YORK (CNNMoney) — Uber has fired the self-driving car executive at the center of a legal battle with Google over stolen intellectual property. Anthony Levandowski, the exec who oversaw Uber’s self-driving efforts until recently, was terminated after failing to meet a deadline to comply with an internal investigation into the matter, according to an Uber spokesperson. Waymo, Google’s self-driving car company, is suing Uber for allegedly using technology stolen by Levandowski while he was still at Google. Waymo claims Levandowski took 14,000 secret documents from the company. The lawsuit threatens to derail Uber’s self-driving car project, which has been pitched as the future of the ride-hailing juggernaut. Levandowski had stepped aside from leading the company’s self-driving efforts last month as the court battle kicked off. Levandowski’s firing marks a stunning end for the star executive. Uber acquired Otto, an autonomous trucking startup founded by Levandowski, less than two years ago. The deal was reported to have a price tag of $680 million. “I feel like we’re brothers from another mother,” Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said of Levandowski in an interview at the time of the acquisition. Eric Meyhofer, the director of engineering at Uber’s advantaged technologies group, has been leading the self-driving team since Levandowski stepped aside and will continue to do so. The executive shuffle comes as Uber faces PR crises on all fronts. It is dealing with a sexual harassment investigation internally and is the subject of a criminal probe over a tool it built to help drivers dodge law enforcement in certain cities. Trademark and Copyright 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Connect with Eye Opener! Keep up with EO online! Popular Man dies after swimming with new tattoo Murder suspect dead, 3 officers shot in Laredo shootout Jack in The Box employees fired for being rude to HPD HCSO to get outside ‘oversight’ during investigation into man’s death after confrontation with off-duty officer, her husband Latest News Fifth Ward community members protest church after man tazed by HPD President Trump’s response to London terror attack stands out for all the wrong reasons HPD: 2 killed in Greenspoint apartment complex Breitbart employees infuriated by colleagues’ ‘appalling’ comments after London terror attack Nation/World French automaker to test self-driving cars in Singapore NewsFix Apple gets permit to test self-driving cars in California Nation/World Samsung just got approval to start testing a self-driving car Nation/World Ford is replacing CEO Mark Fields with another exec Nation/World Intel buys Israeli self-driving car firm for $15 billion Nation/World Uber’s No. 2 executive quits after 6 months Nation/World NewsFix Ex-Uber engineer who blogged about alleged discrimination lawyers up Technology Goodbye high seas, hello cubicle. Is sailor the next desk job? NewsFix Lyft says round up your fare and donate to charity Technology Tesla just became the most valuable carmaker in America Nation/World Ford cutting 1,400 jobs Texas Gov. Abbott signs bill allowing Uber, Lyft to return to Texas Nation/World These companies are racing to develop a Breathalyzer for pot Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Smart Age Solutions Presents with Google at JCK Las Vegas LAS VEGAS, NV / ACCESSWIRE / May 30, 2017 / Smart Age Solutions, a leading national provider of digital marketing services for the jewelry industry, will be bringing Google to JCK Las Vegas. This will be the first time ever in the show’s history to have the powerhouse combo in attendance. Alongside Smart Age Solutions, the pair will be presenting Google This Way speaking sessions dedicated to discussing industry trends, mobile evolution, and digital marketing, specifically for Jewelers, key strategies used by Smart Age Solutions to grow the brands of over 500 independent jewelry retailers across US and Canada. In addition to the sessions, a Google representative will host one-on-one consultations at Smart Age Solutions’ booth (S11013) on Tuesday, June 6th, and Wednesday, June 7th, providing an extremely exclusive and unique experience for jewelers to directly interact with Google. Smart Age Solutions has earned Google’s highly coveted title of „Google Premier Partner,” becoming the only Premier Partner in the fine jewelry space. Google premier SMB partners must meet Google’s most stringent eligibility and training requirements, including proven expertise and years of experience in delivering high-performing AdWords campaigns and receive the highest level of support, including extensive Google product and account management training and direct access to the latest Google beta technology and products. „I’m extremely honored and blessed to have been selected by Google as one of their Premier Partners. It’s certainly a testament to our mission to always strive for quality and service above all else. Being the only Premier Partner in the jewelry space, it allows us to further tailor and bring success to all our incredible clients,” said Emmanuel Raheb, CEO of Smart Age Solutions. About Smart Age Solutions: Smart Age Solutions is a digital marketing agency servicing the jewelry industry, growing their online audience through social media, pay-per-click advertising, SEO, email marketing and web design and development, retargeting ads, and digital billboards. Smart Age Solutions ensures they are always at the leading edge of new online marketing techniques through their partnership with Google. They have access to the latest Google beta technology and products. For more information about Smart Age Solutions, visit http://www.smartagesolutions.com/. About JCK: JCK is a trusted partner connecting jewelry retailers and manufacturers/suppliers with trends, news, products, education, and partners to build business. Whether attending face-to-face events, building inventory with online and onsite sourcing, or obtaining authoritative news and insights from JCK Magazine – the leading industry publication in print and online – JCK offers a suite of tools and events to deliver sound solutions, innovative opportunities, and essential information. For more information on JCK, visit http://lasvegas.jckonline.com. Media Contact: Tequilla White Phone: 917.902.3015 Email: [email protected] Additional Links: Smart Age Solutions Website SOURCE: Smart Age Solutions CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Superplasticizer Liquid Market Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Next PostNext Franklin County Visitors Bureau Tourism Partner Penn National Welcomes Leg Up Farms Search Recent Posts Industrial Turbochargers Market Size, Share, Analysis, Industry Demand and Forecasts Report to 2017 Focused Ion Beam Market Expected to Reach $4.9 billion, Globally, by 2022 2021: Global Automotive Release lever Market Value & Volume Analytics with Growth Analysis Latest News: World Gross Product of Automotive Pressure Plate Industry is forecast to Expand by 2.7 per cent in 2017 and 2.9 per cent in 2018 National Australia Bank and OurCrowd – An Australian First Collaboration Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:59 A.M. ET China Caixin services PMI expands in May 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Close Currencies Europe Markets London Markets Home Industries Uber fires engineer at center of Waymo suit for failing to cooperate with investigation By Caitlin Huston Published: May 30, 2017 3:37 p.m. ET Share Waymo has claimed Anthony Levandowski stole trade secrets AFP/Getty Images Anthony Levandowski, former head of Uber’s self-driving car unit. By CaitlinHuston Reporter Uber Technologies Inc. has fired Anthony Levandowski, the engineer at the center of the company’s legal battle with Google’s self-driving car unit Waymo, the company confirmed Tuesday. The firing came after Levandowski failed to comply with Uber’s internal investigation into allegations Waymo had levied against the company, an Uber spokesperson said. Waymo’s lawsuit alleges that Levandowski stole proprietary information from Google GOOG, +0.89%   on self-driving cars, which he later took with him to Uber. Earlier this month, U.S. District Judge William Alsup found “striking evidence” that suggested Waymo’s technology had made its way into Uber’s self-driving car designs. The judge ordered that Levandowski step down from leading Uber’s self-driving car efforts -- though Uber confirmed that he has not led the team since April -- and was barred from doing any related work. The case is now on track for a public trial, which could begin in October. Eric Meyhofer, who has led the self-driving car team in the interim will continue in that role and take over Levandowski’s direct reports, an Uber spokesperson said. Uber asked Levandowski to work with it on the investigation for months but he did not meet a deadline set by the company, the spokesperson said. Levandowski worked on Google’s self-driving cars until he quit Waymo in 2016 to found Otto, a self-driving truck startup. Uber acquired Otto a few months later. More from MarketWatch Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Quote References GOOG +8.65 +0.89% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ Caitlin Huston Caitlin Huston is a MarketWatch reporter based in New York. She covers startups and small business. You can follow her on Twitter @hustonca. MarketWatch Partner Center Caitlin Huston Caitlin Huston is a MarketWatch reporter based in New York. She covers startups and small business. You can follow her on Twitter @hustonca. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $975.60 +8.65 (+0.89%) Volume 1.7M Open $969.46 High $975.88 Low $966.00 P/E Ratio 32.97 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 681.9B
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 73° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms early. Tonight Thunderstorms during the evening will give way to cloudy skies after midnight. Low 69F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 10:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close David Paul Morris Sergey Brin, president of Alphabet and co-founder of Google, speaks at the 2016 Global Entrepreneurship Summit at Stanford University in Stanford, California, on June 24, 2016. (David Paul Morris/Bloomberg) Google co-founder reportedly building $100 million 'air yacht' By Hamza Shaban Washington Post May 30, 2017 (…) Sergey Brin, president of Alphabet and co-founder of Google, speaks at the 2016 Global Entrepreneurship Summit at Stanford University in Stanford, California, on June 24, 2016. (David Paul Morris/Bloomberg) David Paul Morris Google co-founder Sergey Brin is spending more than $100 million to build the world's largest airship, a blimp with a rigid structure designed to both deliver supplies abroad for humanitarian projects and ferry Brin's family and friends around the globe, the Guardian newspaper reported. The project is the latest example of Silicon Valley attempting to reshape how goods and people are moved. But some say it also underscores a penchant for tech moguls to color their projects with seemingly virtuous ambition. Some people on social media seized on the vessel's apparent dual purpose. On the one hand, it's a benevolent carrier transporting food to remote, hard-pressed communities, and on the other it's a luxurious "air yacht," as the Guardian report described it, shuttling a billionaire and his inner circle to exotic locations. Google declined to comment. The vessel is reportedly being built at the NASA Ames Research Center in Mountain View, Calif. When completed, the airship will become the world's largest aircraft at about 650 feet long, although its payload is not known, according to the Guardian. Plans for the vessel, which is being funded by Brin, were first reported by Bloomberg earlier this year. Experts say that the use of airships could bypass the congestion and costs tied to transporting cargo via roads, railways and airports. But lighter-than-air travel presents its own challenges, like the need to steady the aircraft by offsetting the weight of cargo once it's offloaded. According to the Guardian, Brin's vessel will use a series of internal bladders to stabilize its flight. Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis See how St. Louis stocks are faring Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis Brin began his plans to build the vessel about three years ago, according to Bloomberg. His fascination with airships was sparked by visits to the Ames Research Center, next to the headquarters of Google's parent company, Alphabet. Ames once housed the navy airship USS Macon, which spanned about 784 feet and was among the largest aircraft of its time in the 1930s. Silicon Valley's novel charitable efforts have been criticized in the past, perhaps most prominently in the case of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg's internet.org initiative, which aims to bring Internet access to the billions of people who don't have it. With altruistic motives but lucrative business prospects, some see Zuckerberg's initiative less as a magnanimous Internet project than as a version of high-tech imperialism. It's unclear whether Brin's airship will be put to commercial use. But Larry Page, CEO of Alphabet and the other co-founder of Google, has also taken a keen interest in innovative aircraft. Page has personally backed two flying-car start-ups, Kitty Hawk and Zee.Aero. Kitty Hawk's flyer, a personal electric aircraft that hovers over water, will be available for purchase later this year. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Sergey Brin, president of Alphabet and co-founder of Google, speaks at the 2016 Global Entrepreneurship Summit at Stanford University in Stanford, California, on June 24, 2016. (David Paul Morris/Bloomberg) David Paul Morris Tags Commerce Sergey Brin Economics Aeronautics Aircraft Transports View (…) comments Most popular Dogtown apartments, grocery store move ahead St. Louis County home values show broad increases as North County stabilizes Study says investors could lose big if Trump administration deep-sixes 'fiduciary rule' Taxi agency trims fees, loosens rules to help St. Louis cabs compete with Uber, Lyft More than dozen St. Louis area Chipotle restaurants affected by hacking incident Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Lambert trying to lure European flights with help of St. Louis County Port Authority Eyes on Centene to fill void after Obamacare insurer bails on parts of Missouri St. Louis County home values show broad increases as North County stabilizes Exxon vote shows disappearing line between social and economic issues 5 tips for millennials who want to buy a house and keep their avocado toast Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Get your Father something cool! Sign up for the 6th Annual Old Newsboys charity golf tournament today! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:59 A.M. ET China Caixin services PMI expands in May 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Close Currencies Europe Markets London Markets Home Industries Uber fires engineer at center of Waymo suit for failing to cooperate with investigation By Caitlin Huston Published: May 30, 2017 3:37 p.m. ET Share Waymo has claimed Anthony Levandowski stole trade secrets AFP/Getty Images Anthony Levandowski, former head of Uber’s self-driving car unit. By CaitlinHuston Reporter Uber Technologies Inc. has fired Anthony Levandowski, the engineer at the center of the company’s legal battle with Google’s self-driving car unit Waymo, the company confirmed Tuesday. The firing came after Levandowski failed to comply with Uber’s internal investigation into allegations Waymo had levied against the company, an Uber spokesperson said. Waymo’s lawsuit alleges that Levandowski stole proprietary information from Google GOOG, +0.89%   on self-driving cars, which he later took with him to Uber. Earlier this month, U.S. District Judge William Alsup found “striking evidence” that suggested Waymo’s technology had made its way into Uber’s self-driving car designs. The judge ordered that Levandowski step down from leading Uber’s self-driving car efforts -- though Uber confirmed that he has not led the team since April -- and was barred from doing any related work. The case is now on track for a public trial, which could begin in October. Eric Meyhofer, who has led the self-driving car team in the interim will continue in that role and take over Levandowski’s direct reports, an Uber spokesperson said. Uber asked Levandowski to work with it on the investigation for months but he did not meet a deadline set by the company, the spokesperson said. Levandowski worked on Google’s self-driving cars until he quit Waymo in 2016 to found Otto, a self-driving truck startup. Uber acquired Otto a few months later. More from MarketWatch Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Quote References GOOG +8.65 +0.89% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ Caitlin Huston Caitlin Huston is a MarketWatch reporter based in New York. She covers startups and small business. You can follow her on Twitter @hustonca. MarketWatch Partner Center Caitlin Huston Caitlin Huston is a MarketWatch reporter based in New York. She covers startups and small business. You can follow her on Twitter @hustonca. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $975.60 +8.65 (+0.89%) Volume 1.7M Open $969.46 High $975.88 Low $966.00 P/E Ratio 32.97 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 681.9B
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Uber fires ex-Google engineer at center of self-driving lawsuit with Alphabet's Waymo Anthony Levandowski is accused of stealing information from 14,000 pages worth of documents related to Google's self-driving technology before he left  He built his own start-up, which was later purchased by Uber Engineer cited his Fifth Amendment rights to avoid possible incrimination  By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 15:40 EDT, 30 May 2017 | Updated: 16:21 EDT, 30 May 2017 e-mail 1 View comments Uber has fired Anthony Levandowski, the ex-Google engineer at the centre of a major self driving lawsuit.  Uber announced the firing of its vice president of technology in an internal email to employees today, and has maintained that its self-driving technology did not copy Google's earlier work. It wanted Levandowski to cooperate in order to help with the case, but the engineer cited his Fifth Amendment rights to avoid possible incrimination. Scroll down for video  High-profile: Levandowski, a 'swaggering' six-foot-seven tech leader, is one of Silicon Valley's most significant figures in the development of self-driving cars WHAT IS LiDAR?  In lidar — or light detection and ranging — scanning, one or more lasers sends out short pulses, which bounce back when they hit an obstacle, whether clouds, leaves or rocks.  In self-driving cars, the sensors constantly scan the surrounding areas looking for information and acting as the 'eyes' of the car. Levandowski, who stepped aside from some of his duties last month, will exit with immediate effect. Uber last month named Eric Meyhofer to replace Levandowski as head of its Advanced Technologies Group. Meyhofer will continue to lead the team, an Uber spokeswoman said. 'Over the last few months Uber has provided significant evidence to the court to demonstrate that our self-driving technology has been built independently,' Angela Padilla, Uber's associate general counsel for employment and litigation, wrote in an email to employees, according to the New York Times.  'Over that same period, Uber has urged Anthony to fully cooperate in helping the court get to the facts and ultimately helping to prove our case.'  Levandowski is accused of stealing information from 14,000 pages worth of documents related to Google's self-driving technology before he left to build his own start-up, which was later purchased by Uber.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Meet the Laundroid: $16,000 laundry folding robot can... How Ice Age Europeans travelled thousands of miles in their... Waving goodbye: Cassini sends stunning image of ripples in... Einstein was RIGHT about black holes: Groundbreaking... Share this article Share At issue is whether Uber's current efforts and progress are due to and built on Google's achievements. Ealier this month a federal judge ordered Uber to stop using technology that a key executive downloaded before he left Waymo, the Alphabet Inc. autonomous car arm that was spun off from Google. The order filed in a trade secrets theft lawsuit also forcesUber to return all downloaded materials. Judge William Alsup in San Francisco said in the ruling that Waymo has shown compelling evidence that a former star engineer named Anthony Levandowski downloaded confidential files before leaving Waymo. And, Judge Alsup says Levandowski must remain quarantined from Uber's work on lidar until the lawsuit is resolved,Bloomberg reported.  Anthony Levandowski is a fiercely talented and driven man who Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick (left) has likened to his brother from another mother - but now he is accused of stealing Google's self-driving car secrets before he left to work for Uber The Judge also says evidence shows that before he left Waymo, Levandowski and Uber planned for Uber to acquire a company formed by Levandowski. The ruling prevents Uber from using the technology on a navigational tool called Lidar that robotic cars need to see what's around them. The ruling from U.S. District Judge William Alsup in San Francisco, made public on Monday, said Uber 'likely knew' or should have known that the engineer, who now works at Uber, took Waymo materials while Uber was contemplating buying the engineer's company.  However, the judge also said few of Waymo's alleged trade secrets have been traced to Uber's self-driving car technology, and that Waymo's patent claims against Uber have proved 'meritless.'   The case is being heard by Judge Alsup, who says in the ruling that Waymo has shown compelling evidence that Levandowski downloaded confidential files before leaving As of now, Uber has not been issued an order to halt its program altogether as the court battle wages on. But, Waymo was granted a bid for 'expedited discovery,' with the trial now set for October, according to Bloomberg. According to Bloomberg, both companies hailed the ruling a success, as Waymo claimed the expedited trial would 'hold Uber fully responsible for its misconduct,' and Uber said Judge Alsup's decision would allow it to 'continue building and utilizing all of its self-driving technology.' Uber also said the trial will 'demonstrate that our technology has been built independently.' But, the ruling by District Judge William Alsup in San Francisco Monday was mainly a victory for Waymo, the autonomous car unit spun off from Google, even though the judge refused to order a halt to Uber's autonomous car research as Waymo had requested, the experts said. Waymo showed 'compelling evidence' that a former Waymo engineer named Anthony Levandowski downloaded thousands of confidential files before leaving the company, the order said. Levandowski set up his own firms, which then were sold to Uber for $680 million. Evidence showed that Levandowski and Uber planned the acquisitions before Levandowski left Waymo, Alsup's order said. 'He clearly believes that Levandowski is guilty as sin and that Uber hired him, knowing this full well,' said John Coffee, a Columbia University law professor who specializes in white-collar crime and corporate governance. 'He is ruling that some of this information is stolen (or 'misappropriated') and in the long run that will likely have a devastating impact on Uber.' Waymo is seeking an unspecified amount of damages and a court order preventing Uber from using its proprietary information - bringing its self driving project to  a halt. Waymo sued Uber in February alleging that the ride-hailing company is using stolen self-driving technology to build its own autonomous cars. Monday's ruling prevents Uber from using the technology on a laser navigational tool called Lidar that robotic cars use to see what's around them. 'The bottom line is the evidence indicates that Uber hired Levandowski even though it knew or should have known that he possessed over 14,000 confidential Waymo files,' Alsup wrote. 'At least some information from those files, if not the files themselves, has seeped into Uber's own Lidar development efforts.' Uber was ordered to return all downloaded materials to Waymo by noon on May 31.  In an earlier hearing, Alsup expressed skepticism over whether Uber actually used any Waymo trade secrets. 'I've given you lots of discovery, and so far you don't have any smoking gun' showing that Uber knew Levandowski possessed any Waymo trade secrets, Alsup said. Waymo attorney Charles Verhoeven said the company suspects such evidence exists.  Levandowski declined to answer questions during a deposition, citing his constitutional rights against self incrimination. Verhoeven also said Uber was improperly withholding thousands of documents on the grounds that they are confidential legal documents. The judge did not make a ruling from the bench during the May 3rd hearing. The hearing is the latest phase in a courtroom battle over trade secrets that threatens to topple a central pillar of Uber's growth strategy. Autonomous cars promise to change the economics of the ride-hailing business. Among Uber's biggest expenses is the cost of attracting drivers, who have a high turnover rate.  And Uber's ability to expand into suburban and rural markets, and areas with low vehicle ownership, and continue to offer a ride within three minutes, largely hinges on the availability of a network of self-driving vehicles. Read more: Uber Engineer Ordered to Stay Off Any Lidar Work in Waymo Fight - Bloomberg www.nytimes.com/... Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched News videos Graphic footage of London attack victim with serious neck injury Shocking dashcam footage shows people fleeing scene of terror attack Hero Londoners try to save victims of city's latest terror attack Bloodied man led to safety through a cordon of armed police Moment gunshots are heard outside a restaurant in London Bridge Police tell drinkers to 'get down immediately' in London bar Exclusive: Armed police order people to the floor in Barking Horrific moment man randomly hits 90-year-old with cane in NYC Shocking moment woman blocks young boy from brutal crash This cat wants out! Owner argues with cat who wants to go outside Woman heard crying in fear as police evacuate Borough Market Theresa May says 'enough is enough' after London terror attack Buzz off! Elephant herd runs away from a swarm of bees... Now internet hacker Kim Dotcom claims HE was involved in... A cathedral, a cinema, a Boeing jet and even one with its... Billionaire Spurs owner's new multi-million pound... 'Rust in peace': Robot priest grants auto-blessings in... Pathway to Heaven? Families are comforted by... ‘F*** you, Luigi!’: Nintendo forced to update its Mario... Airstrikes aimed at ISIS militants holding Christians... North Korea can fire its new ballistic missile from... Taiwan simulates 'Chinese invasion' during military... Equestrian daughter, 20, of South Korea's 'Rasputin'... Chinese lesbian dating app Rela is shut down with no... Iran says its third underground missile factory is up and... Back with a bang! Top secret Air Force X-37B lands with a... Furious Beijing warns that US warship trespassed in its... SpaceX technician claims he was fired after telling CEO... Archaeologists discover elaborate 'cosmopolitan'... PornHub posts Putin critic’s video denouncing corruption... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 1 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Secrets of the Thirty Years' War soldiers exposed: Mass grave of 47 men who died in battle 400 years ago... Shimmering lights spotted near 'Britain's UFO capital' spark rumours of another extra-terrestrial sighting San Diego's Rose Canyon fault is MORE dangerous than thought and could trigger a massive earthquake that... What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a... 'They were hauling a big creature': New footage reveals what Deputy Sheriff said he saw at Roswell, in UFO... MIT scientists say Trump misrepresented their work and didn't check with them when he said Paris climate... The instantly rechargeable battery that could revolutionize electric cars (and mean you'll never have to sit... The 'kill vehicle' that could blast North Korea's missiles out of the sky: Pentagon fast tracks $260m... Siri set to get supercharged as Apple declares war on Amazon's Alexa US Army reveals Cold War Stinger anti aircraft missile will be used to shoot down DRONES in battle against... Want to buy sexy clothes? It might be in your hormones: Women are more inclined to buy raunchy outfits in... LA train tunnel diggers find fossilised hip bone of giant 1,500 pound sloth that roamed the area 11,000... US Navy reveals mini drone that can scour a beach for mines before Marines land What it's like to fly over Jupiter: Astronomers turn just 36 of NASA'S Juno images into a stunning movie Would YOU ride the world's fastest elevator? Chinese skyscraper visitors hit record-breaking speed of 47 mph MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Daddy's not-so-little girl! Danny DeVito is dwarfed by daughter Lucy as they attend Drama Desk Awards in NYC Huge comedy star  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador She looks like a winner! Nominee Kate Walsh sizzles in a satin dress at Drama Desk Awards in NYC The 49-year-old actress wore a silky ivory top 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Pretty little traveler: Make-up free Lucy Hale is casual chic as she dons pink bomber jacket and ripped denim for flight out of LA Has quit alcohol  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  Game Of Thrones fans MIGHT have to wait until 2019 for final season... as HBO cautions there won't be a spin-off any time soon More teasing delays Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting She's a star in stripes! Laura Linney wears wide bright panel dress as she wins top honor at Drama Desk Awards The 53-year-old actress was a star in stripes  Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Record-breaking new 'SkyGuardian' Predator drone can stay in the air for over 48 hours 4 comments Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 05, 12:44 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Android Malware: Apps In Google Play Store Spread 'Judy' Adware Attack To Nearly 40 Million Phones By AJ Dellinger On 05/30/17 AT 3:38 PM Close Security researchers have discovered a widespread malware campaign that has infected nearly 40 million Android devices through downloaded compromised apps from the official Google Play Store. The attack — named Judy after a cartoon character featured in many of the malicious apps — uses auto-clicking adware housed in 41 apps, primarily from a Korean mobile developer to generate revenue for its creators. Read: Android Malware: Cloak And Dagger Attack Can Secretly Record User Activity First discovered by security researchers at Check Point, Judy already has infected upward of 36.5 million users who downloaded seemingly trustworthy apps and games from the Google Play Store. The apps themselves were seemingly innocuous, but once installed on a device, would begin to communicate with a remote command-and-control server that would send a malicious payload. That payload would direct the app to visit specific websites owned by the creator of the malware. Using a Javascript code sent from the remote server, the malware would locate and click on advertisements on the webpage, which would generate revenue for the malware author. It’s unclear just how much money the malicious actors were able to generate using the scheme, but it’s believed the income was likely significant given how widespread the Judy malware was. Read: FalseGuide Android Malware: More Than 600,000 Phones Turned Into Money-Generating Botnet The attack bears resemblance to the FalseGuide attack that hit more than a half-million Android users earlier this year. Using apps disguised as guides for popular games, attackers delivered malicious payloads through a command-and-control server that turned Android devices into a botnet. Some of the infected apps containing the Judy malware were on the Google Play Store for several years, including several that have received recent updates. Many came from a Korean firm named Kiniwini and were attributed in the Google Play Store to Enistudio Corp. The apps from the Korean company were targeted toward younger users and feature a character named Judy, who starred in a number of the apps and games that had her performing tasks from cooking to taking care of pets. Another batch of apps from an apparently unrelated developer uses the same malicious code but hasn’t been updated since April 2016, which suggests the attack went unnoticed right under Google’s nose for more than a year. The apps have since been removed from the Google Play Store after Check Point alerted Google of their presence but the attack shows how vulnerable Android devices remain to attacks even when users don’t venture outside Google’s walls. Kiniwini, the maker of many of the infected apps, acknowledged their titles had been removed from the Google Play Store in a statement on its website. “Recently, our game apps have been blocked on Google Play and the service has been stopped. Sorry for the inconvenience,” a translated version of the statement read. The company notes users who already have the games installed can continue to play, and new titles featuring the character Judy will be released later this year. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Newly Discovered Android Exploit Cloak And Dagger Lets Hackers Hide Malicious Activity Russian Hackers Used Android Malware To Steal From Bank Customers Recommended Business Chevy's Bolt Is Being Beaten To A Pulp By Tesla's Model 3 The Chevy Bolt is the little engine that couldn't live up to anticipation from GM. Elon Musk's Tesla Model 3 is beating it into oblivion. Technology Happy But Depressed? You May Have Smiling Depression Smiling depression is characterized by appearing happy on the outside, and keeping the pain on the inside. World Photo Of Canadian Man Casually Mowing Lawn With Tornado Behind Him Goes Viral The tornado in Alberta, Canada, resulted in damage to property but caused no causalities. Alberta generally experiences about 15 tornadoes every year, typically between the months of April and September. National Breitbart News Reporter Tweets Racist Remarks After London Attack Katie McHugh, a Breitbart reporter, blamed Muslim population of London for attacks that took place Saturday. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:59 A.M. ET China Caixin services PMI expands in May 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Close Currencies Europe Markets London Markets Home Industries Uber fires engineer at center of Waymo suit for failing to cooperate with investigation By Caitlin Huston Published: May 30, 2017 3:37 p.m. ET Share Waymo has claimed Anthony Levandowski stole trade secrets AFP/Getty Images Anthony Levandowski, former head of Uber’s self-driving car unit. By CaitlinHuston Reporter Uber Technologies Inc. has fired Anthony Levandowski, the engineer at the center of the company’s legal battle with Google’s self-driving car unit Waymo, the company confirmed Tuesday. The firing came after Levandowski failed to comply with Uber’s internal investigation into allegations Waymo had levied against the company, an Uber spokesperson said. Waymo’s lawsuit alleges that Levandowski stole proprietary information from Google GOOG, +0.89%   on self-driving cars, which he later took with him to Uber. Earlier this month, U.S. District Judge William Alsup found “striking evidence” that suggested Waymo’s technology had made its way into Uber’s self-driving car designs. The judge ordered that Levandowski step down from leading Uber’s self-driving car efforts -- though Uber confirmed that he has not led the team since April -- and was barred from doing any related work. The case is now on track for a public trial, which could begin in October. Eric Meyhofer, who has led the self-driving car team in the interim will continue in that role and take over Levandowski’s direct reports, an Uber spokesperson said. Uber asked Levandowski to work with it on the investigation for months but he did not meet a deadline set by the company, the spokesperson said. Levandowski worked on Google’s self-driving cars until he quit Waymo in 2016 to found Otto, a self-driving truck startup. Uber acquired Otto a few months later. More from MarketWatch Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Quote References GOOG +8.65 +0.89% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ Caitlin Huston Caitlin Huston is a MarketWatch reporter based in New York. She covers startups and small business. You can follow her on Twitter @hustonca. MarketWatch Partner Center Caitlin Huston Caitlin Huston is a MarketWatch reporter based in New York. She covers startups and small business. You can follow her on Twitter @hustonca. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $975.60 +8.65 (+0.89%) Volume 1.7M Open $969.46 High $975.88 Low $966.00 P/E Ratio 32.97 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 681.9B
Skip to main content About Who We Are Contact Press People Opportunities Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity and Innovation Transparency International Security Updates Deeplinks Press Releases Events Legal Cases EFF in the News Whitepapers Take Action Action Center Electronic Frontier Alliance Volunteer Tools Privacy Badger HTTPS Everywhere Surveillance Self-Defense Certbot Panopticlick Donate Donate to EFF Shop Other Ways to Give Search form Search Email updates on news, actions, and events in your area. Join EFF Lists Copyright (CC BY) Privacy Policy Thanks Electronic Frontier Foundation The leading nonprofit defending digital privacy, free speech, and innovation. Donate About Who We Are Contact Press People Opportunities Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity and Innovation Transparency International Security Updates Deeplinks Press Releases Events Legal Cases EFF in the News Whitepapers Take Action Action Center Electronic Frontier Alliance Volunteer Tools Privacy Badger HTTPS Everywhere Surveillance Self-Defense Certbot Panopticlick Donate Donate to EFF Shop Other Ways to Give Search form Search DEEPLINKS BLOG Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google+ Copy link EFF Asks the Federal Circuit to Fix its Terrible API Copyright Decision By Michael Barclay and Mitch Stoltz May 30, 2017 Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google+ Copy link EFF, joined by Public Knowledge, filed an amicus brief today asking the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit to revisit one of its worst decisions ever. Three years ago this month, in Oracle v. Google, the Federal Circuit held that the Java Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) could be copyrighted. APIs are, generally speaking, specifications that allow computer programs to communicate with each other and with human users, and are different than the code that implements a program. The Federal Circuit’s decision was every bit as bad as some of its oft-criticized patent law decisions. Treating APIs as copyrightable has a profound negative impact on interoperability and innovation. And it goes against decades of tradition and common practice in the software world. Fortunately for technologists and innovation, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit issued a significant ruling that undermines the Federal Circuit’s decision about whether processes and methods of operation like APIs can be copyrighted. In a case about Bikram yoga poses, the Ninth Circuit applied a section of the Copyright Act that forbids copyright protection of ideas, processes, systems, and similar concepts. The court said that a “sequence” of 26 yoga poses and two breathing exercises, performed in a particular order, was not subject to copyright protection. If a system of yoga poses isn’t copyrightable, then a system of APIs for operating a computer program definitely isn’t. In reviewing Oracle v. Google, the Federal Circuit was supposed to apply the laws of the place where the case was tried: California, which is in the Ninth Circuit. But it didn’t—the court disregarded both Ninth Circuit copyright law holding that APIs aren’t copyrightable, as well as law from other circuits. This is wrong and, if not corrected, will have devastating consequences for innovation. The freedom to reimplement and extend existing APIs has been crucial to competition and progress in both hardware and software. Simply put, excluding APIs from copyright has been essential to the development of modern computers and the Internet. EFF isn’t alone in sounding the alarm about the Federal Circuit’s decision. Other commentators have harshly criticized the Federal Circuit’s decision for its misunderstanding of both computer science and copyright law. It’s confounding how the case got to this point in the first place. The Federal Circuit usually doesn’t hear copyright appeals. However, it heard Oracle v. Google because of a quirk in federal appellate procedure rules. Oracle had originally sued Google for both patent infringement and copyright infringement, but a jury found the patents were not infringed and the trial judge ruled that the APIs were not copyrightable.  Even though Oracle didn’t appeal its trial court loss on its patents, its appeal of the copyright ruling went to the Federal Circuit, which hears all patent appeals. After the Federal Circuit reversed the trial judge, Oracle v. Google returned to the district court last year for a trial on Google’s fair use defense. The jury unanimously found that Google’s use of the Java APIs was a lawful fair use. Oracle again appealed to the Federal Circuit. EFF’s amicus brief (filed along with Public Knowledge) asks the court to reject Oracle’s latest appeal. EFF first asks the court to revisit its previous 2014 decision in view of the 2015 Ninth Circuit opinion, and hold that the Java APIs aren’t copyrightable. This will fix at least some of the harms caused by the Federal Circuit’s opinion. And if the court isn’t willing to reverse its earlier decision, we also explain why the jury’s fair use verdict was proper. Fair use should permit copying of functional computer elements and their expression for purposes of efficiency, compatibility, or industry demands. It’s no understatement to say that much hangs on the Federal Circuit’s decision to follow the rules and apply Ninth Circuit law, and uphold the fair use ruling. Innovation, healthy competition and, ultimately, more and better technology choices for users all hang in the balance. Creativity & Innovation Coders' Rights Project Fair Use Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google+ Copy link Related Updates Deeplinks Blog by Jeremy Malcolm | June 1, 2017 While EU Copyright Protests Mount, the Proposals Get Even Worse This week, EFF joined Creative Commons, Wikimedia, Mozilla, EDRi, Open Rights Group, and sixty other organizations in signing an open letter [PDF] addressed to Members of the European Parliament expressing our concerns about two key proposals for a new European "Digital Single Market" Directive on copyright. These are... Deeplinks Blog by Elliot Harmon | May 31, 2017 Stupid Patent of the Month: Ford Patents a Windshield The Supreme Court’s recent decision in Impression Products v. Lexmark International was a big win for individuals’ right to repair and modify the products they own. While we’re delighted by this decision, we expect manufacturers to attempt other methods of controlling the market for resale and repair. That’s... Deeplinks Blog by Kit Walsh | May 30, 2017 Supreme Court Victory for the Right to Tinker in Printer Cartridge Case The Supreme Court struck a blow today [ PDF ] for your right to own the things you buy, reversing a lower court decision that had given patent owners the power to sue customers who paid in full for a patented item but then used it in a way... Deeplinks Blog by Michael Barclay | May 30, 2017 EFF Asks the Federal Circuit to Fix its Terrible API Copyright Decision EFF, joined by Public Knowledge, filed an amicus brief today asking the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit to revisit one of its worst decisions ever . Three years ago this month, in Oracle v. Google , the Federal Circuit held that the... Deeplinks Blog by Kate Tummarello | May 26, 2017 A Bad Broadband Market Begs for Net Neutrality Protections Anyone who has spent hours on the phone with their cable company can tell you that in the broadband market, the customer is not always right. When it comes to Internet access wired into your home, the major ISPs like Comcast, Charter, and Verizon don’t have to play nice because... Deeplinks Blog by Elliot Harmon | May 24, 2017 Diego Gomez Finally Cleared of Criminal Charges for Sharing Research In 2011, Colombian graduate student Diego Gomez shared another student’s Master’s thesis with colleagues over the Internet. After a long legal battle, Diego was able to breathe a sigh of relief today as he was cleared of the criminal charges that he faced for this harmless act of... Deeplinks Blog by Kerry Sheehan | May 24, 2017 Book Review: The End of Ownership In the digital age, a lot depends on whether we actually own our stuff, and who gets to decide that in the first place. In The End of Ownership: Personal Property in the Digital Age , Aaron Perzanowski and Jason Schultz walk us through a detailed and... Deeplinks Blog by Vera Ranieri | May 24, 2017 No Evidence that "Stronger" Patents Will Mean More Innovation Push to once again allow abstract patents is misguided Right now, the patent lobby—in the form of the Intellectual Property Owners Association and the American Intellectual Property Law Association —is demanding “stronger” patent laws. They want to undo Alice v. CLS Bank and... Deeplinks Blog by Jeremy Malcolm | May 15, 2017 Secret New European Copyright Proposal Spells Disaster for Free Culture EFF has learned about a new proposal for European law that takes aim at online streaming services, but which will strike a serious blow to creators and their fans. The proposal, which would effectively ban online streaming services from hosting works under free licenses, could spell an end to services... EFF in the News Appeals Court Won’t Help Megaupload User to Get His Files Back EFF Senior Staff Attorney Mitch Stoltz informs TorrentFreak that they will continue their efforts to return the data to the rightful owners. “We’re disappointed that the appeals court refused to step in to get this case moving. Kyle Goodwin and many others have been waiting five years to get their... Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » The leading nonprofit defending digital privacy, free speech, and innovation. Follow EFF: twitter facebook google plus youtube flicker rss Contact General Legal Security Membership Press About Calendar Volunteer Victories History Internships Jobs Staff Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity & Innovation Transparency International Security Updates Blog Events Press Releases Whitepapers Press Press Contact Press Materials Donate Join or Renew Membership Online One-Time Donation Online Shop Other Ways to Give Copyright (CC BY) Privacy Policy Thanks JavaScript license information
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:59 A.M. ET China Caixin services PMI expands in May 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Close Currencies Europe Markets London Markets Home Personal Finance This is the smartest virtual assistant — and it’s NOT Siri or Alexa By Kari Paul Published: May 31, 2017 7:32 a.m. ET Share Some devices appear to be funnier and more intelligent than others Oli Scarff A man uses 'Siri' on the iPhone 4S. By KariPaul Reporter Consumers increasingly have the ability to put smart personal assistants in the palm of their hands, with programs like Apple’s AAPL, +1.48% Siri, Microsoft’s MSFT, +2.37%  Cortana, the Amazon AMZN, +1.08%   Alexa on Amazon Echo, and the Google GOOG, +0.89%  Home Assistant. But how smart are these assistants really? The answer varies widely by brand, according to research from digital agency Stone Temple. It asked 5,000 random questions of the leading smart assistants and found Google Home Assistant was the smartest, answering 69% of the questions and 91% of those completely and correctly. Cortana followed in second place at 56% of questions answered and 82% of those answered correctly. Siri was able to answer only 22% of 5,000 questions and 62% of them correctly; Alexa answered 21% and 87% of those correctly. Researchers compared these answers to a traditional text-based Google search, which found 97.4% of questions were answered 100% complete and correct, meaning that the question was answered fully and directly. The survey comes as smart devices are increasingly finding themselves in our homes and even our offices, though some question if the purchases are worthwhile. Amazon Echo, home to Alexa, retails for $180 and Google Home Assistant retails for $129. Cortana made its debut as part of Windows Phone 8.1 in 2014 and Siri has been included on Apple devices since 2014. Amazon reportedly sold more than 11 million Echo devices between mid-2015 and Dec. 1 2016. Google is expected to have sold only 1 million Google Home devices my mid-2017, but is reportedly catching up in the smart assistant realm, with at least 200 million devices having access to Google Assistant. Adam Wright, Senior Analyst for Consumer IoT at research firm IDC, said these devices have the potential to be the next main computing platform. “A number of factors will shape the market moving forward, including changes in consumers’ comfort over the security and collection of private data, the progress of natural language processing and advances in voice interface functionalities, and regulatory requirements that could alter the market,” he said. (The companies surveyed did not respond to request for comment.) Though some of these devices have been on the market for years, the study shows some of their processes haven't been perfected. When asked, “Who is the highest paid actress,” Cortana pulled up a list of highest paid actors instead. Siri, when asked, “How to use crutches,” pulled up a rather nonsensical listing of metabolic properties of using crutches. Researchers asked the Google Assistant, “Who founded Dominion Resources?” (an energy company based in Virginia) and the smart assistant provided instead information on where it was founded. Many mistakes are owed to the device misunderstanding questions: When asked who invented the pen, Alexa instead answered Alexander Fleming, who invented penicillin. This could be a problem, since answering random questions is exactly what consumers are buying these products to do. Roughly 60% of consumers use smart speakers primarily to ask “general questions,” according to a recent survey from comScore. This use was followed closely by checking the weather at 57% and streaming music at 54%. Many people also use it to be a timer and alarm (41%), reminder (39%) and calendar (27%). Still, the devices will only improve as their adoption picks up, Wright said. Don’t miss: Here’s a list of all of the things millennials have been accused of ruining for everyone else... “Intelligent assistants will get smarter the more they are used and via their ability to integrate information gathered across multiple devices, whereby networking effects will encourage more adoption,” he said. “Conversations that a user has with an intelligent assistant over one device and in one context can be picked up again over another device and in a different context, which will feed the cognitive system’s ability to get even smarter.” But smarts aren’t all that matter for these assistants: Some are also funny. Siri was the wittiest by far, at nearly 0.8% joke responses to the 5,000 questions. Alexa and Google Assistant followed at 0.4% joke responses. Asking Alexa, for example, “Who is the best rapper?” will get the answer, “Eminem. Wait! I forgot about Dre.” When asked, “What’s the meaning of life,” Cortana will say, “We all shine on, my friend.” Perhaps future updates will feature less corny jokes, or an actual philosophical or thoughtful answer. More from MarketWatch Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Quote References AAPL +2.27 +1.48% MSFT +1.66 +2.37% AMZN +10.78 +1.08% GOOG +8.65 +0.89% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.2% 30 yr fixed 3.76% 15 yr fixed 3% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.74% 15 yr fixed refi 2.99% 5/1 ARM 3.15% 5/1 ARM refi 3.25% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.88% $50K HELOC 4.96% $75K HELOC 4.96% $100K HELOC 4.67% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.88% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.08% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.62% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 14.04% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.07% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.85% 15.81% 15.24% Cash Back 15.99% 15.84% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Kari Paul Kari Paul is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @kari_paul. MarketWatch Partner Center Kari Paul Kari Paul is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @kari_paul. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $155.45 +2.27 (+1.48%) Volume 27.2M Open $153.58 High $155.45 Low $152.89 P/E Ratio 18.18 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 810.5B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $71.76 +1.66 (+2.37%) Volume 34.4M Open $70.44 High $71.86 Low $70.24 P/E Ratio 31.75 Div Yield 2.17 Market Cap 554.0B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,006.73 +10.78 (+1.08%) Volume 3.7M Open $998.99 High $1,008 Low $995.67 P/E Ratio 189.44 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 481.2B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $975.60 +8.65 (+0.89%) Volume 1.7M Open $969.46 High $975.88 Low $966.00 P/E Ratio 32.97 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 681.9B
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Uber just fired the ex-Googler accused of Waymo autonomous tech theft Chris Davies - May 30, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Uber has fired Anthony Levandowski, the controversial vice president of technology who had until recently been leading the ride-sharing firm’s autonomous car business. Levandowski was one of Uber‘s highest-profile talent grabs, joining the company after it acquired his startup, Otto, in July 2016. That prompted a lawsuit from Alphabet’s self-driving car company Waymo, accusing the engineer of stealing tech secrets. Levandowski had been part of the Alphabet team when it was still a Google division, part of the Google X portfolio of so-called “moonshot” projects. According to Waymo’s version of events, the engineer decided to leave and set up his own business. Before doing so, he allegedly copied a vast cache of technical documentation from Google’s servers, using his company-provided laptop. That cache, Waymo says, gave Uber an illegitimate advantage as it works on its own self-driving project. Indeed, it accused Levandowski of approaching Uber with regards a potential deal even before he’d left Alphabet’s employ. Unsurprisingly, Uber has denied the charges, even as Waymo presses the legal system to slam the brakes on its rivals research. In April 2017, Uber and Levandowski took the decision to move the VP off the autonomous car project altogether while the case was ongoing. No longer the head of the Advanced Technologies Group, he was replaced by Eric Mayhofer. In addition, in a message to Uber employees, Levandowski made clear that they shouldn’t try to discuss anything related to the self-driving work Uber is doing, or LIDAR technology. That was followed by the engineer himself going silent. At the apparent advice of his lawyers, he opted to asset Fifth Amendment rights under questioning. It appears to be an attempt to avoid criminal charges that might result from admitting that he did, indeed, steal the Google files. Uber then joined the ranks of those pressuring Levandowski, with the warning earlier this month that, if he didn’t comply with the court’s requests, he faced termination. That ominous threat has come true today, with the New York Times reporting that Levandowski has indeed been fired. “Over the last few months Uber has provided significant evidence to the court to demonstrate that our self-driving technology has been built independently,” Angela Padilla, Uber’s associate general counsel for employment and litigation, confirmed in an internal email seen by the paper. “Over that same period, Uber has urged Anthony to fully cooperate in helping the court get to the facts and ultimately helping to prove our case.” The company is yet to make a public statement, and Levandowski himself has not commented on the reports. Update: Buzzfeed has acquired a copy of the termination letter Uber sent to Levandowski. In it, Sally Yoo, Uber’s general counsel, notifies the engineer that there are several grounds for termination, though if he corrects all four by June 15, 2017, he can keep his job: “This letter notifies you that your employment with Uber Technologies, Inc. and Ottomotto LLC (collectively, “Uber”) is hereby terminated for Cause, subject to your contractual right to cure the deficiencies addressed in this letter within the next 20 days. First you have not complied with the requests set forth in Uber’s letter to you dated May 15, 2017 (the “Letter’). That letter requested your full cooperation in complying with the Order issued on May 11, 2017, by the United States District Court Judge in the above referenced case (the “Order”). As of today, you have not complied with these requirements. The Letter expressly states that your failure to comply with the Letter’s requirements would result in adverse employment action, including the possible termination of your employment act Uber. The Letter also constituted a written directive from Uber. Your Notice of Restricted Stock Award with Uber (“Stock Award”) expressly states that your failure to comply with written directives from Uber constitutes one of several grounds for a “for Cause” termination of your employment. Thus, your failure to comply with the Letter’s requirements is a ground for termination for Cause. Second, you did not comply with the prior written directive to cooperate with Uber’s investigation sent to you on April 20, 2017, by Angela Padilla (the contents of which are privileged). Your failure impeded Uber’s internal investigation and defense of the lawsuit referenced above and constitutes a ground for termination for Cause. Further, in your Employment Agreement, you represented and warranted that “you have returned or destroyed all property and confidential information blowing to any prior employer.” Your failure to comply with the Letter gives Uber grounds to allege a breach of the representation and warranty in your employment agreement, and constitutes an addition ground for termination with Cause. Under the Stock Award and other agreements, you are entitled to 20 days to cure the events that give rise to this termination for Cause. This letter constitutes the “prior written notice” triggering the commencement of that 20-day period. Accordingly, consistent with our agreements with you, your employment is hereby terminated for Cause, and that termination shall become effective 20 days from today (i.e. June 15, 2017), unless prior to that date you (a) cure your failure to comply with the requirements set forth in the Letter, (b) cure your failure to comply wit the requirements set forth in Ms. Padilla’s April 20, 2017 email, (c) confirm that you will fully comply with all aspects of Uber’s investigation into the facts alleged in the above-referenced lawsuit, and (d) cure your breach of the representation and warranty in ¶ 1(c) of your Employment Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Uber retains the sole right to determine whether you are in compliance with the requirements set forth in the Letter and in your agreements with Uber.” Story Timeline Alphabet’s Waymo sues Uber, Otto for stealing trade secrets, IP Uber denies Waymo self-driving tech theft Uber's testing with autonomous cars has been a little bumpy Waymo says Uber made "cover up scheme" to steal self-driving car tech Uber vs Waymo sent to DOJ for possible criminal case Tags autonomousCarsgooglelegalself drivinguberWaymo Must Read Bits & Bytes Apple’s roadmap allegedly leaked: iPhone 8, Glasses, 2018 MacBook, more Coinbase tipped at $1b valuation as demand for cryptocurrency soars Why DigiByte’s price is soaring: $DGB, Minecraft, Memes, and Citibank Rooting Android phones is no longer cool, it’s a liability Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Latest Headlines Sony tees off first mobile game in Japan Jun 4, 2017 OnePlus 2 will no longer receive updates Jun 4, 2017 SpaceX lands 11th rocket following first launch of reused Dragon capsule Jun 4, 2017 Del.icio.us link-sharing site shuts down after Pinboard acquisition Jun 4, 2017 Essential hit with trademark dispute from Spigen Jun 4, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:59 A.M. ET China Caixin services PMI expands in May 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Close Currencies Europe Markets London Markets Home Personal Finance This is the smartest virtual assistant — and it’s NOT Siri or Alexa By Kari Paul Published: May 31, 2017 7:32 a.m. ET Share Some devices appear to be funnier and more intelligent than others Oli Scarff A man uses 'Siri' on the iPhone 4S. By KariPaul Reporter Consumers increasingly have the ability to put smart personal assistants in the palm of their hands, with programs like Apple’s AAPL, +1.48% Siri, Microsoft’s MSFT, +2.37%  Cortana, the Amazon AMZN, +1.08%   Alexa on Amazon Echo, and the Google GOOG, +0.89%  Home Assistant. But how smart are these assistants really? The answer varies widely by brand, according to research from digital agency Stone Temple. It asked 5,000 random questions of the leading smart assistants and found Google Home Assistant was the smartest, answering 69% of the questions and 91% of those completely and correctly. Cortana followed in second place at 56% of questions answered and 82% of those answered correctly. Siri was able to answer only 22% of 5,000 questions and 62% of them correctly; Alexa answered 21% and 87% of those correctly. Researchers compared these answers to a traditional text-based Google search, which found 97.4% of questions were answered 100% complete and correct, meaning that the question was answered fully and directly. The survey comes as smart devices are increasingly finding themselves in our homes and even our offices, though some question if the purchases are worthwhile. Amazon Echo, home to Alexa, retails for $180 and Google Home Assistant retails for $129. Cortana made its debut as part of Windows Phone 8.1 in 2014 and Siri has been included on Apple devices since 2014. Amazon reportedly sold more than 11 million Echo devices between mid-2015 and Dec. 1 2016. Google is expected to have sold only 1 million Google Home devices my mid-2017, but is reportedly catching up in the smart assistant realm, with at least 200 million devices having access to Google Assistant. Adam Wright, Senior Analyst for Consumer IoT at research firm IDC, said these devices have the potential to be the next main computing platform. “A number of factors will shape the market moving forward, including changes in consumers’ comfort over the security and collection of private data, the progress of natural language processing and advances in voice interface functionalities, and regulatory requirements that could alter the market,” he said. (The companies surveyed did not respond to request for comment.) Though some of these devices have been on the market for years, the study shows some of their processes haven't been perfected. When asked, “Who is the highest paid actress,” Cortana pulled up a list of highest paid actors instead. Siri, when asked, “How to use crutches,” pulled up a rather nonsensical listing of metabolic properties of using crutches. Researchers asked the Google Assistant, “Who founded Dominion Resources?” (an energy company based in Virginia) and the smart assistant provided instead information on where it was founded. Many mistakes are owed to the device misunderstanding questions: When asked who invented the pen, Alexa instead answered Alexander Fleming, who invented penicillin. This could be a problem, since answering random questions is exactly what consumers are buying these products to do. Roughly 60% of consumers use smart speakers primarily to ask “general questions,” according to a recent survey from comScore. This use was followed closely by checking the weather at 57% and streaming music at 54%. Many people also use it to be a timer and alarm (41%), reminder (39%) and calendar (27%). Still, the devices will only improve as their adoption picks up, Wright said. Don’t miss: Here’s a list of all of the things millennials have been accused of ruining for everyone else... “Intelligent assistants will get smarter the more they are used and via their ability to integrate information gathered across multiple devices, whereby networking effects will encourage more adoption,” he said. “Conversations that a user has with an intelligent assistant over one device and in one context can be picked up again over another device and in a different context, which will feed the cognitive system’s ability to get even smarter.” But smarts aren’t all that matter for these assistants: Some are also funny. Siri was the wittiest by far, at nearly 0.8% joke responses to the 5,000 questions. Alexa and Google Assistant followed at 0.4% joke responses. Asking Alexa, for example, “Who is the best rapper?” will get the answer, “Eminem. Wait! I forgot about Dre.” When asked, “What’s the meaning of life,” Cortana will say, “We all shine on, my friend.” Perhaps future updates will feature less corny jokes, or an actual philosophical or thoughtful answer. More from MarketWatch Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Quote References AAPL +2.27 +1.48% MSFT +1.66 +2.37% AMZN +10.78 +1.08% GOOG +8.65 +0.89% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.2% 30 yr fixed 3.76% 15 yr fixed 3% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.74% 15 yr fixed refi 2.99% 5/1 ARM 3.15% 5/1 ARM refi 3.25% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.88% $50K HELOC 4.96% $75K HELOC 4.96% $100K HELOC 4.67% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.88% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.08% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.62% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 14.04% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.07% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.85% 15.81% 15.24% Cash Back 15.99% 15.84% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Kari Paul Kari Paul is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @kari_paul. MarketWatch Partner Center Kari Paul Kari Paul is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @kari_paul. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $155.45 +2.27 (+1.48%) Volume 27.2M Open $153.58 High $155.45 Low $152.89 P/E Ratio 18.18 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 810.5B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $71.76 +1.66 (+2.37%) Volume 34.4M Open $70.44 High $71.86 Low $70.24 P/E Ratio 31.75 Div Yield 2.17 Market Cap 554.0B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,006.73 +10.78 (+1.08%) Volume 3.7M Open $998.99 High $1,008 Low $995.67 P/E Ratio 189.44 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 481.2B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $975.60 +8.65 (+0.89%) Volume 1.7M Open $969.46 High $975.88 Low $966.00 P/E Ratio 32.97 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 681.9B
Sections Advertising Marketing Content Social Commerce Sales Analytics Management Home Submit Follow Us Follow Ads Marketing Content Social Sales Analytics Mgmt More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE MarTech Today Broad support IAB Tech Lab debuts ads.txt project to weed out fake ad sellers Free plug-in Distil launches free bot detection plug-in for Google Analytics Events Attend the MarTech conference Advertising Marketing Content Social Commerce Sales Analytics Management Events Home Martech: Advertising Stay marketing-savvy and tech-savvy. Get the latest in martech by subscribing to MarTech Today. Stop calling ‘ad tech’ advertising Advertisers are investing heavily in ad tech, but contributor Daniel Meehan points out that even highly targeted advertising using the latest algorithms and audience data won't accomplish anything if the advertising format, message and creative are not engaging. Daniel Meehan on May 26, 2017 at 10:30 am More Plain and simple: advertising technology is not advertising. It may contain the root word “ad,” but the realities of the current ad tech world could not be further from its impetus. There is no thoughtful creative, no careful planning and targeting involved. Brands are offloading their advertising — especially on mobile — to algorithms and then calling it a day. This lazy approach has recently come into the spotlight as brands raise alarm bells about where content has appeared by way of Google and Facebook’s ad tech ecosystems. Countless large brands have pulled out of these streams entirely, forcing Google most of all to reevaluate how it does business with regard to ads and brand safety. The issue isn’t only specific to digital media, either, as evidenced by the plummeting advertising that appeared within “The O’Reilly Factor” based on Mr. O’Reilly’s alleged behavior prior to his dismissal. Turns out, context does matter to advertisers. Quite a lot, actually. Who knew? Well, everyone did — or at least, they should have. Advertisers have been sold down the river, and they’ve lost their focus on delighting the consumer with the creative they deliver. Ad tech promised clicks and eyeballs — those imperative measurables for any advertising budget — but never expanded on the solution it was providing. Now we live with an ad tech market that has very little to do with advertising. It was really just the technology underneath. Every brand wants their messages delivered to mobile consumers, despite lacking the expertise. Ad tech doesn’t have that expertise either, though. The innovation in the space has been focused on the underlying nuts and bolts: algorithms, connecting buy-side and supply-side, data management, and of course, hitting those coveted metrics by any means necessary. The creative — the most important part of an effective ad — was hung out to dry in the name of a nebulous concept of “technology.” Even highly targeted advertising, using the latest algorithms and audience data, won’t accomplish anything if the advertising format, message and creative are not engaging. The backlash against the ad tech model is long overdue. Brand advertisers were always pretty keen on both the creative and the context in which their message was seen. Ad tech made it so that they weren’t interested in either anymore. Advertisers traded that focus on creative and context for collecting customer data. Wouldn’t more customer data mean the resulting ads are more informed, not less? This dynamic makes absolutely no sense, given the goals of paid advertising (delivering a message completely owned and controlled by the advertiser). Last month, Harvard’s Doc Searls dug into what on earth brands are doing — and have been doing for years. He’s just as confused by this shift of advertisers effectively offloading their jobs to algorithms. He also calls for an end to ad tech, in favor of a return to “traditional” advertising approaches. The state of ad tech’s been killing media, too. And Searls wants to save it before we venture too far. The New York Times agrees — and they obviously have their own interest here as a media entity, too. Google/YouTube’s solution to the ad tech issue is just restriction, which is (also) not an advertising policy. It’s hurting publishers large and small from being able to create content free from interference by the underlying technology — not the brands advertising! It’s also giving rise to ad-blocking software. Which again, harms brands and makes those ad tech investments even more of a useless spend. Ideally, we’d start from scratch to repair this broken system. Go back to smart creative and strategic buys, and tell the large ecosystem players (Google, Facebook) to get lost unless they start selling themselves as what they are: underlying algorithms TO the creative. Middlemen can still exist to help plan, create and sell in programmatic campaigns. In this scenario, they provide clear value to delivering messages to the consumers in a more honest and beneficial way for all parties. Of course, not all ad tech is bad. In fact, ad tech is quite good. But the point here should be clear: creative, emotionally-connecting advertising (in mobile, at least) is losing to ad tech, and that needs to stop. Good mobile advertising needs good mobile technology, for sure. But it also demands innovative mobile creative. It all starts with untethering advertising from ad tech. The last month or so was step one. Now we wait and see if these brands have learned enough from the placement debacle to take matters into their own hands and start providing valuable ads again. That technology and the expertise exist to do so. Advertisers simply need to demand it. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily MarTech Today. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Daniel Meehan Daniel Meehan is the CEO and founder of PadSquad, a creative-first mobile advertising stack with a focus on user-controlled, in-line mobile ad formats that foster polite engagement with consumers across a premium publisher marketplace. Popular Stories How blockchain-based identity could change digital marketing A new language called WebAssembly is opening the door to the next generation of browsers Infographic: The 2017 ‘Martech 5000’ Marketing Technology Landscape Kiss your personas goodbye (and say hello, AI)! Related Topics Channel: Martech: AdvertisingDisplay Advertising & MartechMartech Column Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook and Twitter. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 9 Pitfalls to Scaling Enterprise Content and How to Avoid Them 5 Ways to Fail at Marketing to Tech Users The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices The Essential Phone is the Android founder's new baby CNET Alfred Ng 5 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Why bottled water is one of the biggest scams of the century 10 iconic American companies owned by Chinese investors © Provided by CNET Here is the Essential Phone. Creating Android wasn't enough for Andy Rubin. He needed the right phone to go with it. Popular Searches Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 155.45 +2.27 +1.48% Herbalife Ltd HLF ▼ 73.92 -0.19 -0.26% US Energy Initiatives Corp Inc USEI ▲ 0.0006 +0.0001 +20.00% Alibaba Group Holding Ltd BABA ▲ 124.13 +0.16 +0.13% That's why, on Tuesday, he brought us the Essential Phone. It's a high-end Android device that could keep alive the hopes for modular phones -- an idea that failed to take off with Google's Project Ara and has yet to really click into high gear with various Motorola projects. It could also help Rubin become a force in hardware the same way he swept across the world of mobile software. Around the globe, more than 2 billion devices run on Android. The specs Starting at $699, the Essential Phone boasts 4GB of RAM with 128GB of storage and a Snapdragon 835 chip. The 5.71'-inch display spreads across the entire screen, even seeping into where the front facing camera is placed, with a 2,560x1,312-pixel resolution. Both its front and back cameras can shoot in 4K video, with a 13-megapixel dual camera on the rear and an 8-megapixel camera on the screen. The Essential Phone also comes with Bluetooth 5.0, and there's no headphone jack. It will be able to run on all major carriers. Its most prominent feature might be the magnetic connector on the back of the phone, near the camera. The connector allows for modular attachments to the Essential Phone, using wireless data transfers on the port. All accessories will be able to snap magnetically onto the phone, according to Essential. The company showed off this feature with a snap-on 360-degree camera that works with the magnetic connector. The add-on comes for an additional $50, with dual 12-megapixel fish-eye lens. Essential also released a phone dock that takes advantage of the magnetic connector, allowing the device to charge wirelessly. Load Error The Essential Phone comes with a titanium build, which the company said makes it more durable than the majority of high-end phones. It will come in black, gray, white and blue, without any logos showing. "Unlike aluminum, which is what most phones are made of, titanium doesn't scratch, dent, or bend," the company wrote. "That's why you won't find an area for phone cases on our site." Samsung's and Apple's phones are made from aluminum, if you needed the context behind the shade Essential's throwing there. Home coming Essential isn't just launching with a phone. Rubin is also releasing a home assistant, a field where Amazon and Google have been doing battle. While both companies have made their voice assistant programs open-sourced, leading to many clones, Essential is moving with its own Ambient operating system. The Essential home assistant is a small circle with a screen, that can be activated by voice, touch or look, the company said. It will be able to play music, set timers, answer questions and control your smart home -- most features a voice assistant already offers, but with the additional touch screen. When and why The Essential Phone will be the first to launch, and only in the US, for now. It is expected to release in the next few months, but a specific launch date has not been set. There's no details on when the Home will be available. Rubin had been teasing Essential's launch for the last five days, with a photo hiding the phone tweeted on May 25. On Tuesday, he explained that he disliked the lack of choices in technology's current state, unnecessary features and products that didn't work with each other. Don't worry, he takes the blame for that, too. "Just when I was about drop another criticism it hit me: I am partly responsible for all of this," Rubin wrote. "For all the good Android has done to help bring technology to nearly everyone it has also helped create this weird new world where people are forced to fight with the very technology that was supposed to simplify their lives." Rubin said he was frustrated with current technology, and vowed to create a simple phone that wouldn't have forced bloatware, become outdated or live in a closed ecosystem. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNET Holiday Gift Guide CNET Snap makes a Spectacle of itself CNET Netflix finally lets you download to binge offline CNET CNET View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Investors Go All-In on Tech Giants by Dani Burger @daniburgr More stories by Dani Burger May 30, 2017, 12:16 PM EDT Funds are most overweight in tech stocks on record: BofA Google and Amazon shares close in on $1000 as valuations climb Can Amazon’s Winning Sales Streak Be Stopped? Investment managers are doubling down on the hottest stocks of 2017 -- and it’s paying off. Funds tracked by Bank of America Corp. own the highest percentage of technology stocks on record compared to their benchmark. It’s a sector that’s carried U.S. stocks to new highs, leading the S&P 500 Index with a nearly 20 percent gain in 2017. And it’s giving active managers a boost they haven’t seen in more than two years. Of course, not all technology stocks are created equal. The returns in tech are top-heavy, dominated by Facebook Inc., Amazon.com Inc., Netflix Inc. and Google’s parent Alphabet Inc., also known as the FANG stocks, as well as Apple Inc. Those five companies alone account for more than a quarter of the S&P 500’s advance this year. Rarely ones to shun the herd, active funds are now 71 percent overweight in the FANG companies after making the biggest move from value to growth since 2008, according to Bank of America. “The tech stocks obviously continue to be the key group to keep an eye on,” Matt Maley, a strategist at Miller Tabak & Co., wrote in a note to clients Tuesday. “They are over-bought on a near-term and intermediate-term (and even long-term) basis, but that has been true every day for the past few weeks.”  The move toward growth and momentum stocks further cements active managers’ distrust in the value trade. Value had a record stretch last year that was predicated on economic expansion, the anticipation of pro-growth policies and a predicted pick up in inflation. But as those shares -- and expectations -- stalled, active managers are finding it hard to fight the crowd. So far, the shift to growth and momentum from value appears to be behind an improving hit rate for active funds. The percent able to beat their benchmark this year stands at its highest since February 2015, Bank of America data show. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up The tech-powered rally has catapulted the sector to a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.4, or 41 percent above the 10-year average. But as Google and Amazon stretch to nearly $1,000 a share, not everyone is comfortable with the valuations. Investors pulled more than $716 million from the most popular technology exchange-traded fund last week -- the $17.4 billion Technology Select Sector SPDR Fund, or XLK -- its largest weekly outflow in over a year, data compiled by Bloomberg show. “Most everybody remembers 2000, so they might be getting a little nervous with this development,” said Maley. “I just wonder how many people have said to themselves, ‘If AMZN gets to $1,000, I’m going to take at least some profits.’” For more on Apple, check out the Decrypted podcast: Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read London Terror Attack Before Vote Leaves 7 Dead, Many Hurt As China Eyes Trade Growth, Europe Moves to Calm Wary Industries May Ramps Up Anti-Terror Rhetoric After Attack Kills Seven Toyota Says It Sold Entire Stake in Tesla in 2016 Five Things You Need to Know to Start Your Day Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:59 A.M. ET China Caixin services PMI expands in May 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Close Currencies Europe Markets London Markets Home Personal Finance This is the smartest virtual assistant — and it’s NOT Siri or Alexa By Kari Paul Published: May 31, 2017 7:32 a.m. ET Share Some devices appear to be funnier and more intelligent than others Oli Scarff A man uses 'Siri' on the iPhone 4S. By KariPaul Reporter Consumers increasingly have the ability to put smart personal assistants in the palm of their hands, with programs like Apple’s AAPL, +1.48% Siri, Microsoft’s MSFT, +2.37%  Cortana, the Amazon AMZN, +1.08%   Alexa on Amazon Echo, and the Google GOOG, +0.89%  Home Assistant. But how smart are these assistants really? The answer varies widely by brand, according to research from digital agency Stone Temple. It asked 5,000 random questions of the leading smart assistants and found Google Home Assistant was the smartest, answering 69% of the questions and 91% of those completely and correctly. Cortana followed in second place at 56% of questions answered and 82% of those answered correctly. Siri was able to answer only 22% of 5,000 questions and 62% of them correctly; Alexa answered 21% and 87% of those correctly. Researchers compared these answers to a traditional text-based Google search, which found 97.4% of questions were answered 100% complete and correct, meaning that the question was answered fully and directly. The survey comes as smart devices are increasingly finding themselves in our homes and even our offices, though some question if the purchases are worthwhile. Amazon Echo, home to Alexa, retails for $180 and Google Home Assistant retails for $129. Cortana made its debut as part of Windows Phone 8.1 in 2014 and Siri has been included on Apple devices since 2014. Amazon reportedly sold more than 11 million Echo devices between mid-2015 and Dec. 1 2016. Google is expected to have sold only 1 million Google Home devices my mid-2017, but is reportedly catching up in the smart assistant realm, with at least 200 million devices having access to Google Assistant. Adam Wright, Senior Analyst for Consumer IoT at research firm IDC, said these devices have the potential to be the next main computing platform. “A number of factors will shape the market moving forward, including changes in consumers’ comfort over the security and collection of private data, the progress of natural language processing and advances in voice interface functionalities, and regulatory requirements that could alter the market,” he said. (The companies surveyed did not respond to request for comment.) Though some of these devices have been on the market for years, the study shows some of their processes haven't been perfected. When asked, “Who is the highest paid actress,” Cortana pulled up a list of highest paid actors instead. Siri, when asked, “How to use crutches,” pulled up a rather nonsensical listing of metabolic properties of using crutches. Researchers asked the Google Assistant, “Who founded Dominion Resources?” (an energy company based in Virginia) and the smart assistant provided instead information on where it was founded. Many mistakes are owed to the device misunderstanding questions: When asked who invented the pen, Alexa instead answered Alexander Fleming, who invented penicillin. This could be a problem, since answering random questions is exactly what consumers are buying these products to do. Roughly 60% of consumers use smart speakers primarily to ask “general questions,” according to a recent survey from comScore. This use was followed closely by checking the weather at 57% and streaming music at 54%. Many people also use it to be a timer and alarm (41%), reminder (39%) and calendar (27%). Still, the devices will only improve as their adoption picks up, Wright said. Don’t miss: Here’s a list of all of the things millennials have been accused of ruining for everyone else... “Intelligent assistants will get smarter the more they are used and via their ability to integrate information gathered across multiple devices, whereby networking effects will encourage more adoption,” he said. “Conversations that a user has with an intelligent assistant over one device and in one context can be picked up again over another device and in a different context, which will feed the cognitive system’s ability to get even smarter.” But smarts aren’t all that matter for these assistants: Some are also funny. Siri was the wittiest by far, at nearly 0.8% joke responses to the 5,000 questions. Alexa and Google Assistant followed at 0.4% joke responses. Asking Alexa, for example, “Who is the best rapper?” will get the answer, “Eminem. Wait! I forgot about Dre.” When asked, “What’s the meaning of life,” Cortana will say, “We all shine on, my friend.” Perhaps future updates will feature less corny jokes, or an actual philosophical or thoughtful answer. More from MarketWatch Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Quote References AAPL +2.27 +1.48% MSFT +1.66 +2.37% AMZN +10.78 +1.08% GOOG +8.65 +0.89% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.2% 30 yr fixed 3.76% 15 yr fixed 3% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.74% 15 yr fixed refi 2.99% 5/1 ARM 3.15% 5/1 ARM refi 3.25% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.88% $50K HELOC 4.96% $75K HELOC 4.96% $100K HELOC 4.67% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.88% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.08% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.62% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 14.04% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.07% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.85% 15.81% 15.24% Cash Back 15.99% 15.84% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Kari Paul Kari Paul is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @kari_paul. MarketWatch Partner Center Kari Paul Kari Paul is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @kari_paul. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $155.45 +2.27 (+1.48%) Volume 27.2M Open $153.58 High $155.45 Low $152.89 P/E Ratio 18.18 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 810.5B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $71.76 +1.66 (+2.37%) Volume 34.4M Open $70.44 High $71.86 Low $70.24 P/E Ratio 31.75 Div Yield 2.17 Market Cap 554.0B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,006.73 +10.78 (+1.08%) Volume 3.7M Open $998.99 High $1,008 Low $995.67 P/E Ratio 189.44 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 481.2B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $975.60 +8.65 (+0.89%) Volume 1.7M Open $969.46 High $975.88 Low $966.00 P/E Ratio 32.97 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 681.9B
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:59 A.M. ET China Caixin services PMI expands in May 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Close Currencies Europe Markets London Markets Home Personal Finance This is the smartest virtual assistant — and it’s NOT Siri or Alexa By Kari Paul Published: May 31, 2017 7:32 a.m. ET Share Some devices appear to be funnier and more intelligent than others Oli Scarff A man uses 'Siri' on the iPhone 4S. By KariPaul Reporter Consumers increasingly have the ability to put smart personal assistants in the palm of their hands, with programs like Apple’s AAPL, +1.48% Siri, Microsoft’s MSFT, +2.37%  Cortana, the Amazon AMZN, +1.08%   Alexa on Amazon Echo, and the Google GOOG, +0.89%  Home Assistant. But how smart are these assistants really? The answer varies widely by brand, according to research from digital agency Stone Temple. It asked 5,000 random questions of the leading smart assistants and found Google Home Assistant was the smartest, answering 69% of the questions and 91% of those completely and correctly. Cortana followed in second place at 56% of questions answered and 82% of those answered correctly. Siri was able to answer only 22% of 5,000 questions and 62% of them correctly; Alexa answered 21% and 87% of those correctly. Researchers compared these answers to a traditional text-based Google search, which found 97.4% of questions were answered 100% complete and correct, meaning that the question was answered fully and directly. The survey comes as smart devices are increasingly finding themselves in our homes and even our offices, though some question if the purchases are worthwhile. Amazon Echo, home to Alexa, retails for $180 and Google Home Assistant retails for $129. Cortana made its debut as part of Windows Phone 8.1 in 2014 and Siri has been included on Apple devices since 2014. Amazon reportedly sold more than 11 million Echo devices between mid-2015 and Dec. 1 2016. Google is expected to have sold only 1 million Google Home devices my mid-2017, but is reportedly catching up in the smart assistant realm, with at least 200 million devices having access to Google Assistant. Adam Wright, Senior Analyst for Consumer IoT at research firm IDC, said these devices have the potential to be the next main computing platform. “A number of factors will shape the market moving forward, including changes in consumers’ comfort over the security and collection of private data, the progress of natural language processing and advances in voice interface functionalities, and regulatory requirements that could alter the market,” he said. (The companies surveyed did not respond to request for comment.) Though some of these devices have been on the market for years, the study shows some of their processes haven't been perfected. When asked, “Who is the highest paid actress,” Cortana pulled up a list of highest paid actors instead. Siri, when asked, “How to use crutches,” pulled up a rather nonsensical listing of metabolic properties of using crutches. Researchers asked the Google Assistant, “Who founded Dominion Resources?” (an energy company based in Virginia) and the smart assistant provided instead information on where it was founded. Many mistakes are owed to the device misunderstanding questions: When asked who invented the pen, Alexa instead answered Alexander Fleming, who invented penicillin. This could be a problem, since answering random questions is exactly what consumers are buying these products to do. Roughly 60% of consumers use smart speakers primarily to ask “general questions,” according to a recent survey from comScore. This use was followed closely by checking the weather at 57% and streaming music at 54%. Many people also use it to be a timer and alarm (41%), reminder (39%) and calendar (27%). Still, the devices will only improve as their adoption picks up, Wright said. Don’t miss: Here’s a list of all of the things millennials have been accused of ruining for everyone else... “Intelligent assistants will get smarter the more they are used and via their ability to integrate information gathered across multiple devices, whereby networking effects will encourage more adoption,” he said. “Conversations that a user has with an intelligent assistant over one device and in one context can be picked up again over another device and in a different context, which will feed the cognitive system’s ability to get even smarter.” But smarts aren’t all that matter for these assistants: Some are also funny. Siri was the wittiest by far, at nearly 0.8% joke responses to the 5,000 questions. Alexa and Google Assistant followed at 0.4% joke responses. Asking Alexa, for example, “Who is the best rapper?” will get the answer, “Eminem. Wait! I forgot about Dre.” When asked, “What’s the meaning of life,” Cortana will say, “We all shine on, my friend.” Perhaps future updates will feature less corny jokes, or an actual philosophical or thoughtful answer. More from MarketWatch Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Quote References AAPL +2.27 +1.48% MSFT +1.66 +2.37% AMZN +10.78 +1.08% GOOG +8.65 +0.89% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.2% 30 yr fixed 3.76% 15 yr fixed 3% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.74% 15 yr fixed refi 2.99% 5/1 ARM 3.15% 5/1 ARM refi 3.25% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.88% $50K HELOC 4.96% $75K HELOC 4.96% $100K HELOC 4.67% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.88% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.08% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.62% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 14.04% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.07% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.85% 15.81% 15.24% Cash Back 15.99% 15.84% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Kari Paul Kari Paul is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @kari_paul. MarketWatch Partner Center Kari Paul Kari Paul is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @kari_paul. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $155.45 +2.27 (+1.48%) Volume 27.2M Open $153.58 High $155.45 Low $152.89 P/E Ratio 18.18 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 810.5B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $71.76 +1.66 (+2.37%) Volume 34.4M Open $70.44 High $71.86 Low $70.24 P/E Ratio 31.75 Div Yield 2.17 Market Cap 554.0B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,006.73 +10.78 (+1.08%) Volume 3.7M Open $998.99 High $1,008 Low $995.67 P/E Ratio 189.44 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 481.2B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $975.60 +8.65 (+0.89%) Volume 1.7M Open $969.46 High $975.88 Low $966.00 P/E Ratio 32.97 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 681.9B
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos Live TV TIMES NEWS - RADIO Modi Government Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Bangalore Citizen Reporter Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events ALL News » City News » Bangalore News » India India’s online edu industry set to reach $1.96 bn in 2021: Report TNN | May 31, 2017, 12.30 AM IST Bengaluru: India's online education industry is set to grow eightfold by 2021 — from US $247 million in 2016 to $1.96 billion — according to a a report released by search giant Google and professional services firm KPMG. Based on primary research that covered 3,600 respondents over 27 cities, market research as well as insights from Google search, the report predicts a substantial increase in the number of paid users from 1.6 million to 9.6 million over the same period. According to the report, searches for online education have doubled in the past two years and there's been a fourfold increase in consumption of educational content on YouTube. More importantly, 44% of the education-related searches are now coming from beyond the top six metros, up from 35% last year. This implies the growth in the industry is being fuelled by greater internet usage in tier-2 cities. The report identifies five major categories of online education —primary and secondary supplemental education, higher education, test preparation, reskilling and online certifications, and language and casual learning. Reskilling and certification courses account for a major chunk of the online education market with a share of 38%. However, the report estimates that by 2021, the largest share of 39% will belong to primary and secondary supplemental education. Interestingly, 62% of the queries regarding test preparation came from tier-2 and 3 cities. Laptops seem to be the preferred usage device. "A large number of education-related search queries are now coming from tier-2 and 3 cities like Patna, Guwahati, Aligarh and Kota, which points to the opportunities that the growing penetration of smartphones and better internet connectivity have opened up," said Nitin Bawankule, industry director, Google India. Stating that women seem to be prefering online courses to offline courses, Sreedhar Prasad, partner, KPMG India, said, "When it comes to online test preparation, the gender-wise figures of users stand at 44% (female) and 56% (male), which is encouraging as only 33% of Indian women are online in the first place." IN NUMBERS Category-wise market value in US $ million Category ----------------------------------------------------2016-----------------2021 (projected) Primary and secondary supplemental education———— 73--------------———773 Test preparation ————————————————43————————515 Reskilling and online certifications —————————93————————463 Higher education————————————————33—————————184 Language and casual learning ———————————5——————————29 Overall———————————————————247—————————1964 Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These.. New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads Innovative New Dog Foods Could Extend Your Dog's Life 1-2 .. Dog Care Ads Meet the Luxurious New Acura MDX - Build & Price Yours Today Acura More from The Times of India More trucks reach APMC, but veggies get dearer Yoga reaches Vegas: On a Ferris wheel, near dolphins 'Aankhein 2' to have its mahurat today - Times of India From the Web More From The Times of India Hit big savings on insurance with State Farm®State Farm Insurance Italian Sandals From Aquatalia To Put Some Spring In Your ..Aquatalia Professional Paint Hacks To Speed Up Your ProjectsPro Construction Guide | The Home Depot Take The Path Less Traveled In ArubaAruba Tourism Design Ideas for Multifamily, Mixed Use BuildingsAPA Designers Circle Elina Svitolina reaches fourth round in Paris Farmers’ stir reaches Mumbai, BJP ally slams government Plastic industry expresses dismay at proposed GST rates Telecom industry's debt at unsustainable level: SBI 5 interesting facts about Saffron ​ Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Education Bihar 12th Arts result Bihar 12th Science result  Bihar 12th Commerce Result Uttarakhand Class 10 results UK Board Class 12 result BSEB Matric Result GSEB HSC Commerce results GSEB HSC Arts results Jharkhand board 10th Commerce result Jharkhand board 10th Science result Jharkhand board 12th Commerce result Jharkhand board 12th Science result Subscribe today! Join Our newsletter Follow Us@timesofindia Kannada News From around the Web Find a State Farm® agent near you! State Farm Insurance Have You Seen These Top Crossover SUVs? Crossover SUV - Sponsored Ads Which Industries Are Getting the Best Pay Raises? The Wall Street Journal for ADP More From The Times of India Aman Verma's wedding postponed - Times of India Cricket-crazy fans soak in India’s win over Pak No new taxes, thrust on health, edu in state budget Most Popular China is behaving like a 'bully' in South China Sea: John McCain 'Be cautious, exercise restraint': China tells India on Bhupen Hazarika bridge Failed love affair made Sabzar Ahmad Bhat a dreaded Hizbul terrorist Accident victim’s body left to rot for 10 hours on highway Shocking incident of human apathy has emerged from Assam. The body of accident victim was left to rot on highway for 10 hours. Punjab govt appoints ex-CM Beant Singh's grandson as DSP Captain Amarinder Singh government approved the appointment of former Punjab chief minister Beant Singh’s grandson Guriqbal Singh as deputy superintendent of police (DSP) on ‘compassionate grounds’. Read Moreonline education industryKPMGGoogle Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Bengaluru Bangalore Travel Guide How to reach Bangalore Hotels in Bangalore Restaurants in Bangalore Shopping in Bangalore Places to visit in Bangalore Things to do in Bangalore Nightlife in Bangalore Weekend getaways from Bangalore Itineraries Bangalore Map Bangalore Photos Haunted Places in Bangalore Download Bangalore Travel Guide Bangalore To Mumbai Flights Bangalore To Goa Flights Bangalore To Pune Flights From our Global Partners Here’s how to kick the butt this World No Tobacco Day Stars galore spotted at India Luxury Style Week finale You don’t need to study 24x7 to be a topper BTC seeks quick solution as government stares at revenue loss 1India’s online edu industry set to reach $1.96 bn in 2021: Report 2Here’s how to kick the butt this World No Tobacco Day 3Stars galore spotted at India Luxury Style Week finale 4You don’t need to study 24x7 to be a topper 5BTC seeks quick solution as government stares at revenue loss Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends BSEB Class 12 Result Assam HSSLC Result  Maharashtra HSC result  GSEB Class 12 Result BSEB Class 12 Result UK Board 12th Results GSEB HSC Arts Result XXX Photos UBSE Class 10 results UBSE Result 2017 MSBSHSE 12th Result  Live: Babri Masjid case UBSE Class 10 Result GSEB HSC Commerce Results Jharkhand Class 12 results services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Champions Trophy Schedule Beef ban in Kerala Champions Trophy Teams Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos Half Girlfriend Collections Weight Loss Tips Ramadan Festival 2017 Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics Babri Demolition case Asaam HSSLC Result JAC 10th Commerce Results BSEB 12th Commerce Result JAC 12th Science Results Exam Results 2017 Jharkhand 10th results JAC 10th Science Results xXx JAC 12th Commerce Results BSEB 12th Science Result BSEB 12th Arts Result Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Photo News News Photo News New on the Site News Archive Topics Full Article Index Camera Deals Firmware Updates Interviews Our Favorite Photographers History of Photography Camera Reviews Cameras Camera Reviews Compare Images Compare Cameras Best Cameras Types Compact Cameras DSLR Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Full-Frame Cameras Waterproof Cameras Brands Canon Fuji Nikon Olympus Panasonic Pentax Samsung Sony All Brands Lens Reviews Formats Canon EF Canon EF-S Fuji X Micro Four Thirds Nikon 1 Nikon DX Nikon FX Pentax K Sony A Sony FE Sony E Brand All Lens Reviews Canon Lenses Fuji Lenses Nikon Lenses Olympus Lenses Panasonic Lenses Pentax Lenses Sigma Lenses Sony Lenses Tamron Lenses Type Macro Mid-range Prime Telephoto Wide Zoom Lenses 101: What to know Printer Reviews More Accessories Camera Accessories Printers Scanners Software Community Newsletter Contests Photo of the Day Previous Story Android creator unveils Essential Phone, a premium Android device poised to battle Apple, Samsung Back To News Next Story Shutter Release: Sony A9 dynamic range compared to Canon 1DX Mark II and Nikon D5 Google officially takes Nik Collection off life support and announces it will no longer update the software google google nik collection news nik collection photography plugin software by Jeremy Gray posted Tuesday, May 30, 2017 at 3:00 PM EDT     Back in 2012, Google purchased Nik Software. The following year, Nik was rebranded as “Nik Collection by Google” and its price was slashed. Then in early 2016, the collection of Photoshop plug-ins was made available for free. This was great news for photographers looking for free photo editing software, but it did concern me about the possibility of future updates. At the time, Google’s announcement referenced future updates for Google Photos and Snapseed but did not mention development for the Nik software suite. What started as an unofficial concern has now been made official by Google. Their Nik Collection page now reads the following at the top, “We have no plans to update the Collection or add new features over time.” This was a long time coming. The Google Nik Collection had not been updated since May 2014 when Analog Efex Pro 2 was introduced. After Google’s acquisition of Nik, Analog Efex Pro was the only new software and the rest of the suite received only bug fixes. Now if new versions of Photoshop introduce compatibility issues or bugs with the Nik Collection, even those won’t be ironed out by Google.     Although not surprising, this announcement is a real shame. While there are many great Photoshop plug-ins, the Nik Collection has held a primary place in my personal editing workflow for nearly a decade. There are very few images I don’t edit using Color Efex Pro and Silver Efex Pro is still the best black and white conversion software I’ve used. Viveza is also one of my favorite methods for making localized adjustments to images. Of course, photographers can continue to use the software, and for those who have yet to give it a try, the entire suite is still available for free and worth trying, but I wouldn’t dedicate much time to learning all the ins and the outs of the software at this point. It’s unclear what Google plans to do with Google Photos and Snapseed, but their focus seems to be primarily on mobile applications and technology at this point. I’ll continue to use the Nik plugins for as long as possible, but the latest news is reason to start integrating alternatives into my workflow. (Via DIY Photography) Tweet Comment Previous Story Android creator unveils Essential Phone, a premium Android device poised to battle Apple, Samsung Back To News Next Story Shutter Release: Sony A9 dynamic range compared to Canon 1DX Mark II and Nikon D5 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Camera Reviews Compact Cameras Mirrorless Cameras DSLR Cameras Canon Cameras Nikon Cameras All Brands Compare Cameras Compare Images Photo News Photo of the Day Lens Reviews Printer Reviews Best Cameras About Us Contact Us Advertising Usage Policy Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Google+ Imaging Resource © 1998 - 2017. Material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted or otherwise used without the prior written consent of The Imaging Resource.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments50+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Innovations Google co-founder Sergey Brin is reportedly building a $100 million ‘air yacht’ to help the poor The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Hamza Shaban By Hamza Shaban May 30 Follow @hshaban Google co-founder Sergey Brin during a news conference at Google headquarters on Sept. 25, 2012, in Mountain View, Calif. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Google co-founder Sergey Brin is spending more than $100 million to build the world’s largest airship, a blimp with a rigid structure designed to both deliver supplies abroad for humanitarian projects and ferry Brin’s family and friends around the globe, according to a Guardian report. The project is the latest example of Silicon Valley attempting to reshape how goods and people are moved. But it also, some say, underscores a penchant for tech moguls to color their projects with seemingly virtuous ambition. Some people on social media seized on the vessel and its apparent dual purpose. On the one hand, it’s a benevolent carrier transporting food to remote, hard-pressed communities, and on the other it’s a luxurious “air yacht,” as the Guardian report described it, shuttling a billionaire and his inner circle to exotic locations. Sums up Silicon Valley billionaires. Always disguising what they do as some humanitarian bs https://t.co/nQbzsbRacp pic.twitter.com/S1liw4QeU4 — Hipster (@Hipster_Trader) May 26, 2017 So this is what you do with way too much money. Also, I expect a Silicon Valley parody on this soon. https://t.co/f3BLxftI9u — Allen Klosowski (@TheBigKlosowski) May 5, 2017 Alphabet, Google’s parent company, declined to comment. “A flying yacht that’s also going to do deliver assistance is long on the yacht part and a little short on the humanitarian aid part,” said Rob Enderle, technology industry analyst at the analysis firm Enderle Group. “I guess [Brin] was looking for a tax deduction. Maybe he can cut back on taxes and operational costs.” The vessel is reportedly being built at the NASA Ames Research Center in Mountain View, Calif. When completed, the airship will become the world’s largest aircraft, at more than 200 meters long, although its payload is not known, according to the Guardian. Plans for the vessel, which is being funded by Brin, were first revealed by Bloomberg earlier this year. Experts say that the use of airships could bypass the congestion and costs tied to transporting cargo via roads, railways and airports. But lighter-than-air travel presents its own challenges, like the need to steady the aircraft by offsetting the weight of cargo once it’s offloaded. While the potential success of Brin’s aircraft could encourage others to develop lighter-than-air technology, Enderle said he questions the practicality of using such vessels, with their slow air speed, and vulnerability to adverse weather and militants. “There are a lot easier ways to deliver aid using current technology,” he said. According to the Guardian, Brin’s vessel will use a series of internal bladders to stabilize its flight. Brin began his plans to build the vessel about three years ago, according to Bloomberg. His fascination with airships was sparked by visits to the Ames Research Center, which is next to the Alphabet headquarters. Ames once housed the navy airship USS Macon, which spanned 239 meters, and was among the largest aircraft of its time in the 1930s. Some of Silicon Valley’s novel charitable efforts have been criticized in the past, perhaps most prominently in the case of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg’s internet.org initiative, which aims to bring Internet access to the billions of people who don’t have it. Critics of internet.org say that even though the initiative aims to connect more people to the web, it does so by offering customers in the developing world only a narrow slice of the internet, with Facebook standing to gain new users and more personal data to collect. With altruistic motives but lucrative business prospects, some see Zuckerberg’s initiative less as a magnanimous Internet project than as a version of high-tech imperialism. Zuckerberg’s $100 million donation to Newark public schools in 2010, and funding by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to reform education have also come under fire for promoting projects that lack accountability and lasting improvements. It’s unclear whether Brin’s airship will be put to commercial use. But Larry Page, CEO of Alphabet and the other co-founder of Google, has also taken a keen interest in innovative aircraft. Page has personally backed two flying-car start-ups, Kitty Hawk and Zee.Aero. Kitty Hawk’s flyer, a personal electric aircraft that hovers over water, will be available for purchase later this year. business on-innovations innovations Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters business on-innovations innovations Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 50+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hamza Shaban covers tech news for The Washington Post. Prior to joining The Post, he worked at Buzzfeed, where he covered tech policy for the past two years, writing about antitrust, free speech, surveillance, cybersecurity and the tension between privacy and security interests. Follow @hshaban 52 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 The Latest: Portland rally, counter protests draw thousands 2 We unplugged my father from everything, as he wished, but I wasn’t ready to let go 3 The world’s most dangerous mushroom and what it did to an 18-month-old girl 4 Millions of dollars’ worth of research in limbo at NIH 5 Suspect in Portland stabbings built life around hate speech The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business on-innovations innovations Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Mon, Jun 5, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Businessperson Awards Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Android creator unveils new smartphone and home assistant device Andy Rubin launches new firm, Essential Products, to take on the likes of Apple iPhone Tue, May 30, 2017, 19:53 Updated: Tue, May 30, 2017, 19:57 Andy Rubin, the co-creator of the Android mobile phone operating system, has launched a new company called Essential Products to sell a high-end smartphone and a home assistant device         Andy Rubin, the co-creator of the Android mobile phone operating system, has launched a new company called Essential Products to sell a high-end smartphone and a home assistant device. Palo Alto-based Essential said the new Essential Phone features an edge-to-edge screen, a titanium-and-ceramic case and dual cameras. The phone sells for $699 (€625) and will run the Android operating system. The price pits it against high-end smartphones including Apple’s iPhone and Samsung’s Galaxy S8. The firm also launched a household assistant called Home that looks like an angled hockey puck with a screen. The device will compete against the Amazon. com Echo and Alphabet’s Google Home speaker, which are powered by the Alexa and the Google Assistant voice services respectively. Essential confirmed the Home device will let the user choose between Alexa, Google Assistant or Siri. It was not immediately clear how Siri would be available on Essential. While Amazon and Google have released the software needed to embed their assistants on devices they do not make, Apple has not done so. Keep tabs on your kids with this wearable tracker Smart compass helps you make a Beeline for your destination Dash gets Pro upgrade, encourages you to ditch the smartphone Essential declined to elaborate on how it plans to embed Siri on the device, and Apple declined to comment. Image recognition The Essential Home takes a page from Apple’s privacy play book. Like an iPhone, the Home will do much of the processing for voice and image recognition on the device itself rather than sending data to remote servers. Essential also said the Home device will communicate with home appliances like lights and thermostats directly over the home network, rather than sending data to remote servers. Apple’s HomeKit system takes a similar approach. Mr Rubin, Essential’s chief executive, co-founded Android and sold it to Google in 2005. He ran Google’s mobile efforts until 2013 before a brief stint running the firm’s robotics division. He left Google in 2014 to focus on starting hardware companies. Investors in Essential include Chinese tech company Tencent Holdings, iPhone contract manufacturer Foxconn, Redpoint Ventures and Altimeter Capital. Essential plans to announce a ship date for the devices in the next few weeks. The company did not say whether it planned to sell the phone directly to customers online or in physical stores. Essential for the first time revealed its staff on its website, listing Wolfgang Muller as head of channel sales. Mr Muller previously ran North American retail operations for phone maker HTC, according to his LinkedIn profile, suggesting that Essential plans to sell phones through retail stores, carriers or both.       Topics: Andy Rubin Wolfgang Muller Alphabet Altimeter Capital Amazon Apple Foxconn Google Linkedin Redpoint Samsung Tencent Holdings  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Financial Services No order from DPP to resume inquiry into Anglo auditors Work Wake-up call: Learn to dive into those tough talks Gaelic Football Resurgent Banner back in business and Munster final Innovation Ormeau Baths reopens as tech start-up co-working hub Sponsored Impact of cyber threats on business set to increase Dublin Airport Central: Ireland’s next generation business destination at Terminal 2 Beauty with attitude: changing the conversation about ageing The Story of Home: a potter’s life Latest Business AIB delays bail-in rules overhaul as IPO nears 06:00 Ormeau Baths reopens as tech start-up co-working hub 05:45 Cork-based Thalman Health seeks $2m to fund wearable tech 05:10 Red-tape forces property agent to drop small-time landlords 05:00 No order from DPP to resume inquiry into Anglo auditors 05:00 How to? Easy to follow guides to make technology simple   This week This week we’re talking about . . . flying and the electronics ban This week we’re talking about . . . Vault 7 This week we’re talking about . . . Twitter’s troll takedown Tech Tools Dash gets Pro upgrade, encourages you to ditch the smartphone Tech Tools: Dash Pro adds translation for 40 languages to the mix Smart compass helps you make a Beeline for your destination Tech Tools: Aimed at bike riders, the Beeline keeps things simple Keep tabs on your kids with this wearable tracker Tech Tools: Tinitell smartwatch with GPS and call capability Urban Armor Gear offers lightweight protection case for iPads Tech Tools: Firm’s Metropolis case series claim to have military standard protection Most Read in Business 1 May’s call for more control of internet misleading and misguided 2 Dún Laoghaire ferry terminal may become 450-job tech centre 3 Lucy Kellaway: The tables will turn against Ikea 4 Pfizer US drug prices jump as Trump prepares for clampdown 5 Red-tape forces property agent to drop small-time landlords Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Google AI becomes world’s top ranking Go player Reach for the stars with Star Walk 2 Social media use linked to anxiety and depression Microsoft doubles down on ‘business bots’ Smart Reply: Gmail’s quick-learning response tech Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Mon 5/6/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Lions Tour Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Google+ isn’t dead, but it is drowning in spam (though it plans to do something about it) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 10:20am PDTMay 29, 2017 160 Plus 1 on G+ 76 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares300 Editorials Google Last month Gideon Rosenblatt did a post on Google+ about the very platform, and it resonated with us here at AP. Many of you may know that we have invested a lot of our time here into Google+. After all, this is Android Police, and Google+ is as much a product of Google as Android is. But, we’ve been disheartened recently by issues with the social network. Most notably, a growing problem with spam. Our own site founder and owner, Artem, spoke out recently about his problems with the platform in the wake of Rosenblatt's post. And his is just one of many posts which have been attracting more attention and discussion on the subject. All of this has even prompted a response from an engineering manager at Google, who says that it is going to make a greater effort to fix things in the future. But spam is just one symptom of the platform's problems. I can't talk about spam without talking about what causes it. Unfortunately, that means I need to beat a bit of a dead horse. A lot of the problems you've heard about the platform in the past are contributing factors. Spam is an indicator of health, and the often-discussed historical problems with Google+ are the diseases. So it might seem that I'm digressing onto a well-worn subject here, but it is important to the discussion. All the old problems From a development perspective, Google has been distancing its social platform from its other tools as much as it can. Photos and Hangouts were once both integral parts of the Google+ experience. But, much as each subsequent update to Google+ has removed or limited features, each year seems to take away integration with another Google service. Hangouts on Air, Google Photos, Shared Circles, location sharing, Google+ Local, with all these things gone it may almost be fair to say that Google+ may have seen more features removed from the service than it has in total at present. Although it was made a part of G Suite last year, it may be a bit too late, and the utility to businesses for the social platform is likely limited. By design or accident, ostracizing Google+ in this way may have resulted in stagnation. Isolation reduces the user count and the number of eyes on content. And that stagnation is a breeding pool for spam. Google’s advocacy for the social platform has also diminished. Many prominent Googlers, as well as people in the core Google+ team, are barely even using the service. If your own employees can’t be motivated to use your product — if not on merit, at least as a means of promoting it — then what sort of attention is being paid to it? Writing here at AP, when I embed social content from Google, it almost always comes from one of two places: Twitter or YouTube. Part of that is because Google posts more things to those platforms than it does to Google+, and that’s a problem. Consider the difference in content volume between the Google Photos Twitter, Google Photos Blog, and Google Photos Google+ account. The last one of those only saw four posts this year. So not only are Googlers not using the platform, Google also recognizes the lack of marketing value for its own self-promotion. And even those few posts made by official Google accounts have had issues with spam. Thankfully in light of the recent attention drawn to the subject, they've been mostly cleaned up. But, if Google's own content has problems with it, imagine what users face. And all the new ones All the other, well-discussed issues have not been enough to prevent Google+ from soldiering on as a niche network. It isn't Facebook (thankfully), or Twitter, but people use it. Adoption may have slowed, and utility might be diminished, but it has a user base. A surprising number of little communities have popped up inside it. Developers with Android apps have been using it as a platform for app communications, beta tests, and technical support. In the realm of Google related software development, the platform is a small but bustling community attached to the larger market. And the people there like it. At least, they like it when the signal to noise ratio remains high enough to drown out the spam. To be fair, one can't claim this is a problem exclusive to Google+. All social media platforms have problems with spam, it’s basically a rule. As the barriers to mass communication become lower on a given platform, the quantity of submitted content that is used for marketing purposes increases. It becomes a delicate balance. How easy can you make account creation before every account is a bot? How easy should comment removal or reporting be so that spam can be caught, but censorship isn’t abused? What sort of burden can be placed on users, and how much responsibility for policing content can be delegated? Given the widespread nature of spam on most high-profile Google+ posts, this particular balance may need some adjustment. Some of the recent changes to Google+ have also increased the proliferation of spam. A lot of the older functionality that made managing content easier was stripped out in the responsive redesign of 2015-2016. Although the new site is more performant and consumes much less data, it also has a lot fewer methods of user interaction with content. Every post view is now a click, and comments must either be scrolled or each post opened in a new window, both of which make reporting content that little bit harder. Increasing the number of barriers for finding and reporting spam makes each post its own little breeding ground. Even in a perfect world, nothing can ever entirely eliminate spam. Everyone has a Grandma selling Avon that doesn’t care how much people might dislike her relentless self-promotion on Facebook, or a cousin who is stuck in a pyramid scheme and blissfully unaware of his predicament. But more steps need to be taken by Google to decrease its presence. Unfortunately, that's much easier for us to say than it is for Google to do. What can be done? As GitHub previously needed a wake-up call for how to better treat things on a social level, Google might also need to reexamine a few things about how it wants to handle Google+ going forward. Just because the platform has become niche doesn’t mean it doesn’t have a future. For fans of Google’s services, developers on its platforms, and news outlets such as ourselves, the service has genuine utility left in it. To that end, Google has responded to the recent criticisms leveled at the service by promising to do things better going forward. And knowing Google, it will find a novel solution to the problem. But can the it be fixed by itself? Across two responses to the recent posts complaining about spam, Google+ engineer manager Leo Deegan stated that it was the number 1 issue to be addressed going forward. He also acknowledged that some of the interface changes in the redesign on Desktop made things more difficult, but changes are planned for the future. Some of their areas of focus going forward will include better spam control, enhanced community moderation, cleaner notifications, and better navigation. It might seem from the outside that change is occurring slowly, but a lot of work has been done updating things behind the scenes. He reaffirmed that Google is committed to the future of G+, as demonstrated by its inclusion as a core G Suite product, and was glad that the community was providing feedback about these concerns. Spam might just be an indicator that a platform is popular enough to be a target, but a number of the tools that could potentially be used to fight it aren't possible as a result of the other problems I mentioned. By ostracizing Google+, all Google does is ensure that the spam stays in a closed box. If more of Google's services made use of the platform, more eyes would be on its content, and more would likely be reported. With more eyes in Google+ the volume of spam might not change, but spam itself would be reported faster and more frequently. And by not using the service — either as individuals or professionally — Google further decreases the number of eyes on content. In reddit parlance: admins are asleep, post spam. But, imagine they never woke up. It's like an abandoned house covered with graffiti. If the landlord doesn't check in, and a lack of business keeps visitors from the area, all the people living in the neighborhood still have to put up with it. Unfortunately for Google, the cost for us to leave is 0. But fortunately for the neighbors, Google has promised to renovate soon. Tags Google Google Plus opinion spam subscribe ... Previous Story Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more ... Next Story Samsung's new SoundAssistant app gives you greater control over sound on your Galaxy device ... Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments 4Ui812 If Google+ Was a baby it would have been "still born" Francisco Franco No. Mace Moneta You're right, it wasn't dead on arrival. It was actually quite active for a while, and I hit about 80,000 followers. I followed hundreds of interesting people. Had thousands of great discussions. Then the spam started. We all complained to Google, but it was like talking to ourselves. After a while, I was spending most of my time on the service blocking spam, while all the people I followed gave up and left. I left about 6 months ago, as my feed slowly came to a halt due to the exodus. This is much the same sequence as all the social media sites that have come before. Great for a while, turns to crap, I move on. It was great while it lasted. If you're still finding G+ useful, more power to you. chromaniac The problem started when Google decided that they know what Google+ should be instead of what the users of the platform wanted it to be. I was part of the Google+ Help community and it was painful to see TCs and RSs repeating the same thing again and again every time a feature was killed or detached from the platform. In the last couple of months, there were one or two individual accounts that were posting updates. Most of which were teeny tiny enhancements or bug fixes that no one cared about. It's insane how badly they killed a solid platform with a small but dedicated user base. Of course, for a company the size of Google, a product needs to have a sizable user base which Google+ never attained. Too bad, instead of killing it like Google Reader, they keep on dragging it on and on and on insulting the remaining users/fans. bekifft And don't forget that they killed Google Reader specifically because it was seen as a threat to the growth of Google+. I'm still mad at them for that. bekifft There's no metaphor for Google+ as a baby, Google+ was more of a clone born out of a desperate fear of Facebook, combined with poor management. It was always a solution in search of a problem that only Google had and no one else saw as a problem. The start of Google+ and the reign of Larry Page perfectly coincide with the start of Google losing focus. It's been all downhill from there, from a user focus perspective. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Well stated. Cliff Wade Huge thanks to Ryne Hager for the mention and linking to my post. :) Ryne Hager Woo! Thanks for being cool with me doing it. First (real) op-ed. Cliff Wade @ryne_hager:disqus Any time man. Excellent article, but then again, it's written on AP, so you know it's going to be good! :) In all seriousness, really good article and a lot of good stuff was mentioned and discussed. I am a member of the G+ Early Access community, Google+ Create and Community Vanguards(got invited into the last two because of my post you linked to) and I can say there are quite a few things being worked on. One of which deals with spam but I can't elaborate unfortunately. It's just one small step towards what will be coming in the near future hopefully. Leo Deegan, Carter Gibson, LeAnne Osborne and others are very active on G+ and it's good to see things being discussed, both openly and in private communities about the future and updates to G+. I really feel there are some changes coming soon. Ryne Hager Good to hear! I am confident Google will be able to sort things out for the platform. yanick So many astrologers and this article is only opinion. Why didn't you asked them about G+ future? :-))) Ryne Hager Damn, I could have avoided writing this entirely. Next time. ScottColbert Gee, maybe that's why it's tagged as an editorial. #ReadingIsFundamental . Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de92c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de92c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs382ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de92c:....,..... Nick Coad Wooooosh abc Gee, you're an idiot. Mace Moneta Most of the people I followed on G+ starting leaving about a year ago due to the spam. I finally left about 6 months ago. Amazingly, Twitter was much better, though it obviously doesn't easily support long form content. So now, 18 months after the people I know started to leave, Google has decided to address the problem? Great. IainPurdie Gave up on G+ several months ago when they "updated" it. At that point, any posts I put up on my business page were "Me Only" and there was no way to change it. The page with the option to fix this was inaccessible. G+ became, essentially, useless. Plus, they never opened it up fully to allow third party apps to post to it as Twitter and FB have done, making it too much donkey work to use. Then there's the atrocious app that throws stuff from my feed at me in a worse, more random fashion than facebook. It's impossible to find a post you read two minutes ago. skeleton My girlfriend says she doesn't know how to work it, they need to make it more accessible to the average Joe. Suicide_Note Maybe your girlfriend isn't too bright to begin with? skeleton Maybe you're a fucking prick but that's not the point.. Suicide_Note Oh, i totally am, but that doesn't change the fact that your girl is a dim bulb. skeleton Good one, did that make your day? Suicide_Note No, but then it wasn't supposed to. Getting good news about my Porsche made my day, however. How's your day going? skeleton Oh shit you have a Porsche! My bad carry on.. Anunnaki Uninstalled it few months ago and have never looked back. catalysto Brave. abc lol, butthurt fanboy. catalysto So brave. Suicide_Note Courageous. abc fanboy's bum hurts. edmann Most of those spam posts come from middle eastern's and Indians. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Where else you gonna go if you need the services of Baba Ji: black magic specialist? NeilR Go to the US of A for some white magic from this white magic specialist. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/77b2e23f4aa5dd55b2ae37db1c66f39d6491b46ad995b00139dd807c92615697.gif PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ http://d.christianpost.com/full/101519/hillary-clinton-supporter-cries.jpg NeilR Yeah, everyone who doesn't like Trump has to be a feminist and a Hillary supporter. You must be one of those Alt Right bunch. Many Indian-Americans supported Trump, too bad they never met racist dipsthits like you else they'd have surely reconsidered. P.S. Did you just link to a pic on christianpost.com? Oh I see, that's why you don't like Indians. Too many heathens there? abc lol. It must be nice being American. In your tiny world, everyone either supports Trump or Hillary. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It must be nice being American. http://i.onionstatic.com/avclub/2294/30/16x9/960.jpg aRvInD Sadly true. Those spammers clearly target all android beginners and spam them with irrelevant ads. Come here and most economical public buses have exactly same such fake astrology ads all over... NeilR You can find spam anywhere in the world but at least those fake astrology ads are simple enough to be brushed off as most people as spam. NeilR Just because the author of the article linked a few screenshots of spam posts you assume most of the spam on Google+ comes from middle east and India. Nice. Any other sweeping generalizations you make? abc No.1 in spam!! 'Murica, fuck yeah! Ryne Hager You are right, the images are a bit too repetitive. Just to make it clear we didn't intend to single anyone out, I've changed a few of the images in the editorial. Vikas For me Google+ is just a tool to signup for beta or tech support of any app or product. chromaniac Google removed that requirement long time ago. Google+ Sign-in because Google Sign-in. Hamza Abass grateful permit easy access to my google+ account at any time. Vikas These Astrologer, Lost Lover and Champcash spammers can be found everywhere here in India. Carlos Eugênio Meanwhile many normal posts are being considered spam without the option or possibility to approve them in our communities. Schultzter I still say there's nothing new in Google+ that Google didn't already have in their existing products. Their effort would have been much better improving the products they had, keep them separate but make it easy to move from one to the other from within Google. There's no point trying to build a better Facebook now that everyone is already on Facebook. chromaniac The way Google f'ed it up after departure of Vic is astonishing. I finally deleted my account 2 weeks ago. I only miss following the posts of few folks who I believe only post on Google+. But the user experience had become so painful that it was time to say it goodbye. Unbelievable what Google did with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It's not like you can just crack the social media market and become relevant at will, regardless of resources at your disposal. I can sort of imagine the reasons why Twitter got so popular, but don't think it would be easy to try to replicate it. YuCMi You're right, it also takes some awareness and a plan. Both of which Google never seemed to have. Stu I still use it but solely to perform the basic functions that Google Spaces did before Google stopped developing for it. aRvInD When many Googlers who write Android code still use iPhone as primary devices clearly says they themselves aren't interested much in their products... Harsh but truth..! Zsolt V Harsh but a lie. aRvInD Lie?? When why iPhone's Google apps often contain some new features before they get pushed to android beta users? Zsolt V Often? It happens very rarely and then it's because different teams work on different platforms. But what the fuck does that have anything to do with Google+? Or do you really think that the choice that person makes has any influence on the release schedule? At least at Google there is a choice. Can you imagine an Apple employee using a non-iPhone or non-Mac? Vantius Google+ in it's early days had a lot of interesting and new ideas to social media. The idea of putting people into groups based on interests and assigning audiences to posts based on those groups was a great idea. The idea of being able share live videos was a good idea too. It forced Facebook to adapt and improve it's own services. But, Google lost sight and IMHO started going downhill on the introduction of collections. it became obvious that they didn't know which way to take it. András Oláh I think Collections was a great idea but terrible implementation especially after the material design update. If it is a pain to manage your own collections and required 5+ clicks to set the collection you want to post to, no wonder no-one will use it. And the Collections landing page is even more terrible, there is zero visual indication whether a followed collection has any new content or not. I stopped following new collections because I felt that there is no point, as I will never see again those post in my stream. I stopped using more than 4 collections because of the inconvenient UI of switching collections. catalysto Sharing to collections is very easy. Sharing a photo to the G+ app, you can choose any collection or group you want right at the top. Metallinatus But.... did the black mage solve your problem? Ryne Hager 'course they did. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/495e00ef0755a130a47e98be9a9c81d1d83b992ccf87a3ab2b590f99a9c25400.gif Urmil Shroff I hope they do something about this, quickly. Peter Garlinski Maybe I'm one of the few, but Google+ works quite well and I've never encountered spam. Maybe it's because I've spent time with getting my circles setup with legitimate, decent people I want to get content from. With Facebook, I find it harder to really cut through the crap to talk to new people. Google+ makes it easier to do that. If Facebook ditched their awful feed concept, I would use it more, but right now Google+ is my go to platform. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ I'll second that never encountering much spam on Google+ part, at least compared to Facebook. I'm admin on a couple of user groups on Facebook and this week I had to ban at least 15 people for posting Malaysian child pornography videos..imagine. I mean I'd take astrology and sexy love any day over that despicable content. Timothy Vreeland I'll third it. I never see spam on G+. Where are the authors seeing it? My feed just has regular posts from my friends. Thomas Cole I get the job done from comfort of my own home, through simple projects which only needs only from you a Computer in addition to connection to the web and I am just more successful than ever before... After 6 months during this project and i got paid for overall 36,000 usd... Generally I acquire nearly 80 bucks/hr and also work for 3 to 4 hrs daily.And superb thing with this task is usually that you can also supervise time period whenever you work and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check in one week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I work from ease and comfort of my house, with quick tasks that only require from you a Computer system together with connection to the internet and I am also pleasant than ever before... After six months with this project and therefore i acquired compensated overall Thirty six Thousand dollars... Mainly I get near eighty bucks/h and also work for three to four hrs daily.And tremendous factor regarding this job is usually that you can arrange your time whenever you work and for how long as you may like and you earn a paycheck weekly........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now Michael Schaap If you make a post on Google+, and there's nobody there to read it, does it have an impact? YuCMi No, because it's probably spam. YuCMi Google+ doesn't have any quality content in their trending page. At one point I wondered if it could emulate Reddit, but there's no -1 button or a way to block all the cringe teenager oriented communities. If only Google+ let their users decide what they want to see. Instead you have absolute garbage trending. Dmitry Stepanushkin IMPORTANT - You could be entitled up to £3,160 in compensation from mis-sold PPI on a credit card or loan. Please reply PPI for info or STOP to opt out. Just kidding😂 Lord Argyris That black magic specialist stuff seems to be the in thing for spammers these days. I've seen it several other places lately. Robin Hugli I use Google + a lot, not as social media but for all community for apps , beta apps community and all Android roms and development community or all popular tech news website etc , it's really good and quite active. But that's true,if a community for example become less active, like an app community that isn't updated often and the community become a bit dead , it become a spam place , many spam posts as the moderator isn't active. It's quite sad. What I suggested: on telegram, the owner of the chat can add administrators bots , that can detect spam or unsuitable post , automatically delete those posts , ban or warm people. That can be very useful on Google plus. Ryan Its really hard to care at this point. Google+ had some decent ideas around social but it was too late to the game so they "forced" people onto the platform by moving services that shouldn't have been there onto there. I only had G+ for photos and sharing location (when they stripped latitude from Google Maps). And both of those rolled out with LESS functionality as a part of G+ than they did prior. Right or wrong by being forced to use G+ to get them AND the stripped functionality it created a negative association with G+ for me. I was ready for G+ to die from day one and was glad when it did (died as in I can finally uninstall the app because Google isnt forcing me into it). That was the day that location sharing returned to where it should have been all along, Google Maps. Now I have to look forward to the failure of Allo/Duo so Google can return to a real all-in-one messaging platform like what Hangouts was becoming. Sadly it will probably be 3 years from now and nobody will care because they will be even farther behind than they already are. Fruity101079 I don't know if G+ is good or not, I never understand exactly how to navigate, explore, etc... Ui doesn't seem ergonomic, for me. Allen Martin G+ is actually a great platform in terms of what it offers and from a technology standpoint. It just doesn't have ubiquity, which makes it undesirable. And it's cool to make fun of the underdog. I actually use G+ as a news feed for tech news - and most tech news sites post to it regularly (even Android Police). If it ever goes away, I won't be upset but it would be cool if it realizes potential greater than what it is. derp_cookies I'm the owner of the C++ community on Google+ with just over 100,000 users. Spam is absolutely insane. Granted, they're pretty good at flagging spam, but I had to switch all posts to require moderation because it was so bad. My list of banned users is tens of thousands long. They definitely have a spam problem; maybe normal folks won't notice it, and it's more of an issue with communities? Also side note: Is it possible to read a headline somewhere about Google+ without the word "dead" in it? Kieron Quinn I'm an admin of the XDA community (unofficial, 188K members), we used to have loads of spam but it's dropped significantly recently. How many moderators do you have? derp_cookies About 4 at the moment. D.Smithee *crickets* abc Good. Can't wait for it to die. One less piece of Google bloatware on my phone. Gabby Now if we could only get the same examination of Disqus spam. Almost all of it looks so similar that their continuing failure to block it makes me suspect they are actually profiting from the spam somehow. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 111 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 111 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.364s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Bots in SERPs Bing launches bots for local businesses (restaurants only) Trending story Study: Yelp drives higher conversions than Google and Facebook Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google adds ‘Personal’ search filter, then drops it Google tests a personalized version of their search results for signed-in Google users. Did you see it? Barry Schwartz on May 30, 2017 at 10:13 am More This past Friday, Google was displaying a new filter in the main Google search tools for showing personal results only. This feature was live for anyone with a personal Google account who was signed in while doing searches. Here is a screen shot of the feature: When you selected the “Personal” drop-down option under the search tools, Google would then filter to show you your emails, photos, flights and other personal data related to your query in the Google search results. Here is a screen shot of Google showing me my personal emails for my Gmail account that I rarely use: This reminds me of how Google had Search Plus Your World, where Google would surface personal Gmails and other items directly in your search results. This feature was launched in January 2012 and has come out from time to time since then. Again, this would have worked on Friday if you were signed into a personal Google account. If you searched while signed out or with a Google Apps account, it would not have worked. As of this morning, the personal search tool filter seems to have been removed. We did email Google for a statement about this late Thursday night and have yet to hear back. Postscript: Google has confirmed this as an experiment and sent us this message: We are always experimenting with ways to make Google Search more useful for our users. At this time, we have no further plans to announce. About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Popular Stories How to rank for ‘position 0’ in 3 simple steps: A featured snippets primer New, unconfirmed Google ranking update ‘Fred’ shakes the SEO world New Quality Score metrics: What matters most, and how to improve your ads Google Attribution: What search marketers need to know Related Topics Channel: SEOGoogle: SEOGoogle: User InterfaceGoogle: Web Search Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers 9 Pitfalls to Scaling Enterprise Content and How to Avoid Them 5 Ways to Fail at Marketing to Tech Users The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Bots in SERPs Bing launches bots for local businesses (restaurants only) Trending story Study: Yelp drives higher conversions than Google and Facebook Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google Attribution: What search marketers need to know The new attribution solution announced last week offers more insights and functionality than currently available in AdWords or Analytics. Ginny Marvin on May 30, 2017 at 11:53 am More One of the biggest announcements to come out of Google Marketing Next, held in San Francisco last week, was the release of Google Attribution. The new, free solution can pull in data from Google Analytics, AdWords or DoubleClick Search to provide a more holistic view of conversion actions across channels and devices for attribution modeling and bidding information. Here’s a look at what this new solution means for search marketers. What is Google Attribution? Google Attribution is the simplified version of Attribution 360, the enterprise-level offering that came out of Google’s 2014 acquisition of multichannel attribution solution Adometry. It integrates with Google Analytics, Google AdWords and DoubleClick Search and doesn’t require any additional site tagging. Marketers link a Google Analytics view that’s already associated with a Google AdWords or DoubleClick Search account. Once the account is set up, Attribution is populated with the channel performance data from the connected Analytics view. That can include offline conversion event data uploaded to Google Analytics. Marketers can then assign an attribution model to their conversion events. And as in Analytics, it’s possible to compare models side by side. With the native integrations, the modeled conversion data can feed back into AdWords or DoubleClick Search to inform bidding decisions. What problems does Google Attribution aim to solve? There are two key problems Google is aiming to address with this product 1. How to see and credit upper- and mid-funnel interactions: Bill Kee, group product manager at Google​, who introduced Attribution onstage last week, said in a phone interview that Google Attribution is focused on understanding the full customer journey versus only last-click impact. The limitation with last-click is that gives all the credit to the user’s very last touch point before converting. For example, if a user searches and clicks on an ad on a non-brand search term, then converts later from a brand ad click, only the brand ad will get credit in a last-click attribution model. And if a marketer can’t see that a generic keyword actually got the ball rolling, she might lower the bid or pause the keyword altogether. There are obvious benefits for Google in showing advertisers that more of their search and display ads played a role in the conversion path, which brings us to second problem Attribution aims to solve. 2. How to easily inform bidding decisions based on full-funnel attribution data: By automatically sending modeled conversion data into AdWords, advertisers can see the conversion impact of keywords and ads based on multichannel and multidevice conversion path data. Automated bidding can take upper- and mid-funnel contributions into consideration. Again, this obviously has a benefit to Google as well. How is this different from attribution already in AdWords? Google has been taking steps over the past several years to take AdWords from an exclusively last-click platform to one that is more flexible. Google completed the migration from Converted Clicks to Conversions last September, in large part because Conversions supports attribution modeling other than last click. Google started showing click and conversion assist data from Analytics before that, but there was no way to set a conversion action to a model other than last-click for conversion reporting and bidding until last year. The attribution tool introduced in AdWords in 2014 is for search funnels only, which means it only reports on whether users interact with multiple ads from an advertiser. It doesn’t provide any insight into the interplay of ads with marketing efforts on other channels, unless advertisers are using data-driven attribution (more on that below). Google Attribution provides the cross-channel context that is missing in AdWords attribution. How is this different from what’s available in Analytics? Through the existing integration with Google Analytics, AdWords advertisers have been able to see paid search and Display Network data in Analytics’ multichannel funnel reporting and in the attribution model comparison tool in Analytics. Attribution offers more depth than Analytics, however. All of the attribution models in Google Attribution include more touch points than they do in Google Analytics. It also includes Google’s data-driven attribution. What is the data-driven attribution model? Attribution is by nature an imperfect science. Capturing all the touch points involved in a conversion event in one system, then assigning credit to one, some or all of those steps in a way that accurately reflects the impact on a consumer’s purchase decision is what Google is trying to get closer to with data-driven attribution. Google’s own data-driven attribution model uses machine learning to understand how marketing touch points increase the likelihood of conversion given a particular sequence of exposures. Based on the custom probability modeling, the data-driven model assigns fractional conversion credit to each touch point. Google first introduced data-driven attribution modeling in 2013. It’s been available in Google Analytics 360 and Google Attribution 360, and Google brought the model into AdWords last year. Requirements: Because it doesn’t simply assign credit to an channel based on where it occurred on a conversion path, data-driven attribution needs sufficient data for the modeling to work. The modeling is done at the conversion action level. A conversion action must have at least 15,000 clicks and at least 600 conversions within 30 days to be eligible for data-driven modeling. The model then captures 30 consecutive days of data before reporting. (In a sign of advancement, when it first became available in AdWords, the data-driven model requirements were 20,000 clicks and at least 800 conversions.) If none of your conversion actions meet the criteria, it might make sense to set up a micro-conversion event that still has some business meaning and can be used to evaluate this model against the others. Data-driven attribution in Google Analytics 360 only includes the last four touch points, whereas, in Google Attribution & Attribution 360, the model includes all touch points, whether a user visits the website or not. That means it also factors in ad impressions. Google says that where measurable, viewability can also be counted for display impressions. In the screen shot example above, last-click/interaction attribution is compared against the data-driven model. My experience with using data-driven attribution in Adwords reflects the paid search results above, though less dramatically. Brand campaigns convert somewhat lower and non-brand campaigns convert somewhat higher when compared to last-click, which intuitively makes sense. Google is encouraging adoption of data-driven attribution, but advertisers can still use the other models in Attribution. It’s possible to monitor and evaluate how the various models perform for each conversion action within Attribution before opting to push new models into AdWords. Once pushed, the models will override whatever models were set in AdWords, and conversion columns will reflect the new modeling. Automated bidding strategies will then use that data in decisioning. Google Attribution is now in beta and will roll out to more advertisers over the coming months. In the meantime, advertisers can look at data-driven attribution modeling in AdWords if available. About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Popular Stories How to rank for ‘position 0’ in 3 simple steps: A featured snippets primer Google Attribution: What search marketers need to know Local SEO: How To Rank Your Local Business Google is rolling out changes to AdWords Ad Rank thresholds: What you need to know Related Topics Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWordsGoogle: AnalyticsSEM Tools: PPCSEM Tools: Web AnalyticsSEO & SEM Tools Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers 9 Pitfalls to Scaling Enterprise Content and How to Avoid Them 5 Ways to Fail at Marketing to Tech Users The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Some Nexus 6Ps have developed a battery early shutoff problem, and it's becoming a safety issue David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2016/12/20 11:10am PDTDec 20, 2016 210 Plus 1 on G+ 367 Share on Facebook 176 Share on Twitter Total Shares753 News Nexus 6P A number of Nexus 6P owners have reported an alarming battery problem with their phones as of Android 7.0 being released for the handset, which causes the phone to power down when the battery gauge still shows anywhere from 10 to 60% battery remaining. How widespread the issue is at this point isn't clear, but the main thread on the Google issue tracker has 229 stars. There are also a significant number of threads describing the problem on Google's Product Forums (see: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6). Owners have linked it to Android 7.0, but even those who have attempted flashing back to Marshmallow report the problem still occurs, though generally at lower indicated remaining battery percentages than on Nougat. This suggests some kind of change in Android 7.0 that is exacerbating what would appear to be an underlying hardware problem. There are some reports that 6P owners with the issue who have their batteries replaced see the problem largely alleviated, again pointing to what seems fundamentally a hardware failure that has been made worse by software. While Google has assigned the issue in its tracker, it's been given a low priority and there has been no indication of an incoming fix. Those who have attempted to receive warranty service from Huawei have been rebuffed, with the OEM telling them the problem is not with the phone or the battery, but with Google's changes to the software. Interestingly, it seems the problem is most common in very cold climates. These are where we see reports of phones dying at upwards of 60% battery remaining indicated, which is obviously completely ridiculous. As some on the various threads point out, this could easily be a major safety issue. We have become deeply reliant on our smartphones to help us get around - be it hail an Uber, navigate us to our destination with a map, or simply to call or text a person to let them know where or when we'll be. Such functions have become so critical that suddenly having your phone die unexpectedly could actually place you in danger. Imagine if you were in an unfamiliar place (one without frequent taxis), late at night, trying to hail an Uber in exceptionally cold weather, and then your phone kicked the bucket. What would you do? This actually happened to one poster on reddit, who was fortunate enough to find a hotel where he or she was able to use a phone to call a friend (whose phone number they knew - how many people know each other's phone numbers these days?) to pick them up. What if your car broke down on a freezing night and you were unable to phone a tow company? Our world and infrastructure, and our very decision-making processes as humans, have started to evolve around the ubiquity of constant connection through our smartphones. Without them, we can be left feeling helpless. We'll be reaching out to Google about this to see if they have any comment. Source: Reddit, Google Code Tags nexus 6p nexus 6p battery dying early nexus 6p battery shuts off nexus 6p phone shuts off nexus 6p shuts down subscribe ... Previous Story AT&T launched free Call Protect feature with spam warnings, fraud blocking, and custom number ... ... Next Story T-Mobile's next 'Un-carrier' announcement will come on January 5th at CES Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments ←  Older Comments  → DaveS If only the One Plus 3T had a QHD screen, this 6P is turning into a piece of rubbish. Froggies I am living in tropical country and it still happens around 20%, fixed after replacing with new battery fatlantis Introducing forced obsolescence when planning isn't enough. Linh Feedback. It does work sometimes. maverick7526 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/31ff0858463dce3005d122af1771be1674201f869957270e6de3b939a5bd5adf.png Happens to me Everytime I finish a run using mapmyfitness now. This morning my battery was a lil under 50%, and I go to save my workout, and it just flashes the battery saver screen and shuts down. The only way to get it to boot is to plug it in. It did this one other time when I was playing around with Google maps battery was around 40%. Hopefully Google can figure this crap out. jfbaudio I called Google while I was still under the 1 year warranty, they replaced it for me. The problem was creeping up, from shutdowns at 4%, then 7%, and so on to 20% when I had it replaced. It took about 2 months to get there. This was during the summer so cold weather didn't play into it. Scott Harris Haven't had this problem but last week I had problems with my phone freezing on me. Was forced to have to do the power + volume down button to turn it off. Left the Android beta and didn't restore any backups. Did that like 2 days ago and so far no freezes. Have already been considering switching to iPhone, but if this battery thing starts happening to my 6P then I'm done with Android. Matías Duarte 1-Get a Note 7 2-Wait until explodes 3-Warm your N6P with the Note flames 4-??? 5-Profit. melvin My dies at 15%. When I reboot. It's back 30%. Like wth. I assumed battery was shot. Rawhi Mohammad Sounds more and more like the iPhone.. this new Pixel strategy is getting crazier by the day. just_a_regular_citizen I have the problem with my 6P. It's been worse outside in the cold. I took a screenshot right after I plugged in and restarted. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5edefbc6313ef36d560ab07169dc6fa529e1d969dd6d2f0c6c2b43f8a7df673d.png ChuckDz3 This hit me very close to home! I was involved in a car accident over the weekend due to the icy road conditions in the midwest. In the middle of calling 911 for help my phone died. My battery was at 60% before I dialed the call. It was 8 degrees outside and almost stranded with no help. Luckily I was only 5 minutes away from my place and was able to walk home. This could have ended very different due to this issue! Robert A Lyon I have the issue, BUT it didn't originally begin at 7.0. Everything was okay until a couple weeks after the push out of 7.0, my whole phone went dark, no charge, wouldn't turn on, it was just a brick. It had restarted 3 times in a row, on the third restart just wouldn't do anything. Tried all the fixes recommended online. Sent back to Huwaii and on receipt back the phone turns on but the battery drain is present. Colder weather is worse and the battery goes dead anywhere from about 20% to 15% left to zero in a matter of a second or two. Battery saver mode comes on at 15% and it'll die on me. No problem before sending it in for the other power issue. Also get it back and the camera no longer focuses in close up. So in other words, I had no problem at the initial release of 7.0, it wasn't until the OEM got it and screwed it up. Adam C Just my speculation but I do not think any battery does well with rapid charging over the long term. I never charge my 6p with rapid charging and I still have great battery life on 7.0. for over a year. I wonder how may folks that have this issue uses rapid vs standard charging. Kid.Drunkadelic I kinda of feel bad to the guy I sold mine too then, I sold cause I thought Google was back to their old shit if not quality checking and dog flooding their code enough and my battery sucked. Sucked so bad I got a 6s plus now I see how much of dramatic change in battery life I now have. I might never come back Ernie So, is it hardware or software. Sounds like a hardware problem of sorts!!! Chris B Been having this issue for around a month as well. Shutoff is usually around 10-35% and seems worse in cool weather. onekage This happened to me today! Phone was left in cold car for few hours(16°F) , unlocked the device. Battery read 58% suddenly it powered off and would not come back on. Brought inside and put on charger 61% battery. This in not acceptable. I live in a freezing cold climate 7-8 months out of the year. I'm on 7.1.1. If this continues I'll be selling the phone or getting a replacement. Dakota Rickel So should I ask Google for a replacement or wait for more news about what the exact issue is and how they plan to fix it? MisterJ Sure the battery problem is an issue, but does it pose a material danger? I don't think so. Humans have lived without phones for millennia. If you are so dependent on your phone that you think you're gonna die without it, you need to rethink your life, and come up with different contingency plans that don't require a phone. With that said, i own a nexus 6p, and i have seen phone die at around 10 to 15%, but a few nights ago, i was able push the battery all the way down to 1%. Maybe being on the Android beta program has something to do with it? va_d1m How about this situation: - stayed out really late, about ~8.5km from the home for the first time in few years. - battery died at 25%, unable to get Uber (which has been our main form of cab service for a number of years for multiple reasons). - no cabs would take me home because "it's too short a fare during shift change-over time" which is illegal but happens all the time (Melbournians would understand), - walked home Sure, I did not feel in any danger and I know my city well but since we have become so reliant on our phones (and phone companies are complicit in commoditising smart phone ownership), when they break it causes severe inconvenience to our lives. Extrapolate that to being a tourist in a foreign country the outcome can be more than just inconvenient.. MisterJ Just think about what your parents' generation would have done. It's that simple. Brett Sewell I just went through three weeks of -20 weather with the update no issues but I certainly wouldn't trust my life to my phone either in a snowstorm Tom Z I had mine shut down at 38% once. Most of the time it's around 25% when it shuts down. It doesn't even get a chance to go into battery saver. I hope Google fixes this soon. Kyle Salewski Has been happening to me a TON in the past 2-3 weeks! I thought it was just me with a faulty battery. I do see it in very cold temps, it's been negative degrees or single digits here in Milwaukee quite a few days in the past few weeks.seems to be anything under 30 or 25% and then POOF!, dead. About a week ago I was getting an Uber and shut off after I requested it. Luckily I remembered the make and license of the car picking me up downtown. I would have been stuck out in the freezing snow without a phone. It happened Sunday night and again Monday night of this week. I did run the 7.1.1 update AFTER I charged it back up last night after it died. Hopefully this update changed something, but I'm not holding my breath. KingOfRedLions7 So this is common? Mine started doing this recently at around 25% and aside from that it also drained probably around twice as fast as it should have. Then I got a new battery replacement and the day after it died around 80% but I recalibrated the battery and it's been working good as new since then. If it really is the software accelerating hardware failure than I'm going to be pissed if it starts having problems again. :/ Cory Wilson Reading this on my 6p. Haven't noticed an issue yet and hopefully I won't. But I also thought I was immune to the g4 bootloop of death problem and then it happened and it sucked. psychomaniac189 did anybody email huawei and get a response? what was the response? mine was, Thank you for contacting Huawei Device USA. We're so sorry to hear about the battery issues you've been experiencing with your Nexus. Please guide to the following troubleshooting steps to attempt to correct the charging issue. If the steps are successful but you are still experiencing battery drainage, please contact us at 1-888-548-2934. 1. Plug your charger into the wall before plugging it into your phone. 2. Hold down the power button. 3. Without letting go of the power button, plug your phone into the charger. 4. Continue to hold the power button for another 20 seconds. The phone should begin to charge normally. Noam I have this issue too. I live in Israel, haven't noticed any connection to temperature. I hope they fix this, it's driving me mad! Wilson X Nearly 40% have this issue, voted by Chinese N6P users. https://plus.google.com/u/0/+WilsonX/posts/eS6ANzEMprR wadea This problem started very soon after I updated to 7.0. It also coincided with a trip I took to South Korea; the first time I ever traveled to a non-english country. My phone died without warning at 15% one night during my trip, and although I had a reasonable amount of information written down, I still ended up stranded due to the inability to access my phone, and being in a 'suburban' area of Seoul with very few services. So yah, it can be a safety issue. I'm aware of the problem now, so when I leave again for Korea in a month, for a year this time, I'm resolving the issue by replacing my phone. I can't be in a foreign country, and have an unreliable phone in my pocket. Morten Ulv I thought that it was related to me using the 60w chromebook pixel charger for the phone. Never died above like 12% and it has been a while since I had the problem. But possibly because I charge it in time... Fartknocker Had the problem once when I took the phone out of my pocket and put it in my center console while I was driving home. It was in the single digits that night. When I got it indoors, it worked fine again and the true, original battery amount came back. Gavin Dunsire I seem to be having this issue with my Pixel (not XL model). Dorothygroybal Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !sr396c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !sr396c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash686DigitalNextGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!sr396c:....,..... twizzlerite Thank you for reporting this! Apparently, Huawei and Google just want to blame each other, while we users have to deal with the problem. Eoghan Murphy I'm seeing similar behaviour on my Moto G4 plus, and its not cold in Brisbane. Phone just shuts off randomly and when powered back on battery life is significantly reduced. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/706643efc8f98525f285b681ac3481677d6ca2c38c7c8b1620e5ca2f8e44e624.png Marc Westermann Seeing exactly the same issues since 7.0 on my Nexus 6P. The device shuts off when it hits the 15% threshold for the batterysaver. I contacted google multiple times for an RMA but they keep saying it's apps and that I should factory reset and not use apps for several days to confirm the issue. Eventually I got someone to send me the RMA link as I saw that they would charge you the full price of the nexus 6P if the returned device would be considered "flawless" in the eyes of the google support. I talked it through with the gouvernment customer care center here in germany and they said that this is unacceptable but there is nothing I can do at the moment. Worst service experience ever. Check out the screenshots, it's fun! /s https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/da1b67aa1745daaa6c04379733cecb5d1423f4555bae8ddeaf1f9d66fa67b404.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/54e3430ee46793e40bc03539c9c2f72e32df6893bb5f5a742d95ff4ad887b533.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5f87b86e96716feb8fd4b94d202750630c0ddf98f297f357f9a095af4b962113.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6f6295d0e83ce0143d97df04c8bfdfc328bd9be95086bb09851f2385781f6a4d.jpg Stefano Miranda Hi. I am also here in Germany, but I have the big problem that my German is not really that good, so I was not able to find any Huawei customer center neither am I able to talk to the customer support in German. What makes it even more complicated is that I bought it on Amazon France, and I don't speak french either so I cannot complain with them. Please, if you have any information that may be relevant, send me a comment down below. I am even willing to pay for a new battery, this problem is really frustrating. Marc Westermann Wow, that's quiet a situation you got yourself into. As far as I can tell, there are Huawei shops in many major cities in Germany. There is also a support hotline from which I would assume that they talk at least basic english. But I think your best chance would be to contact Amazon in your origin country. I could imagine that they could help you as well. If not, I'd try Amazon France in english. Stefano Miranda I live in Munich but I did not see any Huawei shop here. do they also offer customer service in the shops? do you have a list? If I google for that I just find the Design Center here in Munich and not the Handy's shop LOL Marc Westermann Just search for them on google maps. I don't know if they offer customer service, but I'd assume that. It's pretty standard in germany for shops to also offer assistance on products. mchalakov What would you do? Hmmm I don't know .. WALK! Like all the 'poor' humans do where there is no Uber. And just change the battery... Josh They will never admit anything. They literally kept making us wait with ridiculous request after ridiculous request until finally the warranty expired for issues we had with bend gate and the glass popping out randomly with normal use. Google has purposely scammed a lot of people with this phone. Never will I ever purchase another Nexus or pixel product. Brian Michael Last week I gave up my Nexus 6p after battery drain issues and also when I upgraded to Nougat 7.1 my 6p kept bootlooping. So, I just bought a OnePlus 3T to hold me over. I am very pleased. I'll definitely think twice before buying another Google phone. Matt I am having issues with the battery, drops fast. And turns off randomly below 14% I did contact google, my device is less than 6 months old. They are replacing it for free. Aniket Vasishth I am glad that AP wrote an article on this.. at least now it will be taken seriously by Google Cenzo Great. The way this author writes, it won't be long before smartphones will be declared a necessity. paulmike3 For you, it might never be. For others, it is. Don't judge what you don't understand completely. Cenzo You obviously don't understand what basic human necessities are. paulmike3 I do. If we were talking about basic human necessities, I would agree with you. We're not. You said "necessity", which is a different classification. A car, a phone, electricity, heat, etc. are all necessities in my life (home, work). Without them, I would be in a critical safety situation, given the 12F temperature outside right now. The article remains spot on. Cenzo Corrected for context. Latheryin If you think it is then you have bigger issues then battery problems. There is nothing to understand. Might want to check anyone that thinks it is as they have some very big mental issues. Jonas Andersson Mine dies every night at about 15%. I have battery saver at 15% but the screen turns orange and about the same times it dies. Victory Hand I used to have this issue but 7.1.1 seems to have fixed it. Laird Rixford Mine always happens after using the camera. Even at 25%+. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/bbea09d0194204d95339235943431ae6a221f8a4e195dc3a98d6a53a024fc310.png w https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/8db3f5c513a96eafe8f20c1d778f421d2f4a7f072c60c59f588f59959ac515cd.png Russell I've had the same issue after updating my Pixel XL to 7.1.1. I contacted Google support and they said other users are experiencing the same issue. Hopefully a fix comes soon because my phone shuts off sometimes with just less than 50%!! https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/343c7bd4c50adb1781ede1d1bd3de748fb0b529b5ed87694d38ed96d8216c77f.png paulmike3 This is good info, thanks! If you haven't already, please post this on the Android bug report thread as well (and state that it's happening on your Pixel XL) -> https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=227849 Michael Hall This is a big fat joke. It is crap like this which makes the iPhone look more and more tempting. If I'm anywhere near 20% then open up a high drain app like Snapchat, it just dies. I love Google, but Christ they are useless. Andre Natale David, please stay on top of this. I thought I was alone In this issue but I am glad you made light of it. dblock The behavior of this is very strange, as it happens to me, but usually never above 30% battery remaining. It only happens to me when I use something that seems to be resource-intensive. I noticed that it mainly happens when I use my camera while the battery is below 30%, or something that utilizes the camera, like Snapchat. Otherwise it seems like I can drain my battery down to 0 if I don't use my camera. I have never seen it randomly shut off while using anything else, that I can recall anyhow. Still, I assume something like Uber might also cause this behavior, especially when you are awaiting a ride to show up and the ride tracker map is up, as that is probably somewhat resource-heavy. Either way, it is unacceptable. For me, this started happening as soon as I started using Nougat in general, not 7.1.1 specifically. Initially I thought it was just a result of custom ROMs, however now that Nougat is more widely available, it looks like that is not the case at all. Chris Babes This has really been effecting me greatly! Please fix. I'm at the point where I may have to get a new phone. I work outdoors in Ontario, Canada. So frustrating and dangerous. Robert Andersson Buy a Huawei. melvin my just did it at 37%.. so frustration. Alex O’Brien Same thing happens to me although I live in a warm climate (California) and, to the best of my recollection, has only happened once my battery is around 15%. It is definitely a safety issue. sodsavage Having this same issue, didn't know it was a widespread problem. Believe it or not, I was actually assaulted because of this issue affected a situation. RVCA It sounds like only a small amount of people are impacted. Haha Suckers!! Arman G This has actually happened to me recently. It was like -10C, phone had a 50% charge left and died on me, just as my Uber driver went past me. So I missed the Uber and the ability to get to my destination in time. I had to rely on m my work iPhone the rest of the night. See the screenshot of the battery meter. No explanation for the sharp power dip. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cf7a5e1479a23d65e57b6cd424f788820e14c622977f8b62b35cbeaecce7211a.png Ger PG I live in the not-so-cold weathers of Mediterranean Europe but yesterday I spent a whole day in Prague at -5 ºC and my phone kept dying at 35%. Later at night I saw this article in Android Police describing this issue and I felt like you were explaining my day. I spent 550€ on this phone 6 months ago, so they'd better be fixing this soon. By the way, I am still running Android 6.0.1, so add this build to the list of affected ones. jobber99 this happened to me starting in september, i was on 7.0 i believe--would get to 15% and then down to 0. i called google store support, and they replaced my 6p. it is now also happening to my wife's phone, on 7.1.1, but it's too late i think for her to call google store support as the phone is > 1 year old now Kelly This happens to me. The first time I was out of town (and the phone was a month old) so it was extra scary. I didn't know this is what was happening but now that you describe it, it fits. I pull my phone out of my purse and it won't cut on. I have to plug it in and wait for at least 30 seconds before the power button will turn it back on. It does not show the battery charging icon either, so it looks bricked. Scary!!! It's happened twice. I also notice it shutting down and/or restarting itself all the time but I think that's the stupid button sensitivity. Kelly Oh and this was way before 7.0 (it was August this year) and was indoors in a moderate climate. staticx57 I've had mine shut down numerous times at around 30% and this was on MM Chris This actually just happened to me. I was inside, sitting at 60% battery, when my phone just powers off with the low battery warning. Thinking it was just a normal crash, I reboot it and went to to plug it on the charger anyway, it fully booted (off the charger) but then showed 2% battery remaining. I looked at the battery history, it has been running for 3 hours and was somewhere around 60-65% when it literally dropped to zero. And I hadn't barely used my phone except at the very start of the day. Didn't realize it was a widespread issue, also only happened once. ( My phone usually powers off at about 10% normally, I just assumed that was within the margin of error for battery prediction) Patrick Murphy Yep mine has been doing it since it got cold in upstate New York usually 30% or lower plus since Android 7.0 dropped seemed worse Fernando Pena Never happened to me after a full year of use... Martial Clausse Was waiting the train on the platform, in the cold, phone shut down at 30%. Tried turning it on again, as soon as boot animation finished it shut down again. Once in the train, I charged it a little, and it booted up with 29% battery. Kashif Sheikh After the most recent update, my Nexus 5x went into an unfixable bootloop, which apparently is a very common issue. Not sure if this is some joint hardware/software issue, but it seems to have been triggered after a software update: http://www.techtimes.com/articles/186940/20161125/lg-cant-fix-nexus-5x-bootloop-issue-so-its-offering-full-refunds.htm MarkM Thank you for reporting on this. My 6P shut down in 20 degree temps with 55% battery left while hiking in the wilderness. I was not able to restart until it was plugged into a charger. This is definitely a safety issue that Google needs to address as soon as possible. MarkM check it out: https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/1ebf53c40e7e86db227443e8b655467e6a662ebae3bc6fdd181894458458ed3c.jpg Luxferro Hopefully you posted this on the Google issue tracker as well. Scott Kennedy Hah. I literally just had Google agree to an out-of-warranty replacement for this issue. I was expecting them to say no (I just needed documentation they wouldn't cover it), but the replacement arrived today. It'll make a nice gift for someone. Mine happened around 35%, indoors. Nothing to do with cold weather. Xu Mengran i am glad that people are paying attention to this. It has been keeping happening to me. the phone usually shuts off around 25% and needs to be connected to the socket otherwise cannot be turned on!!!! tibor ric Same on my Nexus 6p. Battery is dropping mast faster than when the phone was new... 3223 So much for fast updates while being half baked. Maybe oem's holding off updating their phones to rectify internal coding errors seems like a much better option than getting the fastest updates first and having these things happen.. Luke I usually don't comment, but articles like these are very important. So many issues that only occur after a certain time (especially once you're out of warranty) get swept under the rug and companies don't pay the price for making devices that don't last. I also find it worrying after reading some of the comments here, people with this issue actually consider solving the problem by buying a Pixel. Seriously guys, vote with your dollars and don't empower companies that treat you like shit. Let's hope Google can fix this. Luxferro Can we get this pinned at the top of the site until Google fixes it? If this gets no more press Google will take their sweet time fixing it, if at all. Rob Paek My 6P hasn't been shutting down but I feel like since the second to last update (I'm in the beta program) my battery life on standby is abysmal. Plus the emojis I send don't show up in the Messenger texting app (Google's, not Facebook). Brownstar No issues with mine tibor ric Living in Sweden. It was only 5°C outside... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/8a00b2758b995826cf17b5f6a2c2eaee41230b56d9d301402f3ceba8f67f6c7e.png Matt Virus My 6p on marshmallow does this all the time...Sometimes at 20 or 25%....But yesterday I was doing outside work in the cold and my phone died at over 50%. Insp_Gadget Happens to me, regardless of the temperature. Happened this morning at 45% and I was indoors (hadn't been outside) for over 12 hours. imdevu Started happening on my 6P from yesterday. And suddenly it is a nightmare. Especially since 6P is my primary device (and the only one I carry) Robert Andersson Google is implementing the iPhone feature where batteries die at 30 %. Ricardo Torres My nexus 6p recently started showing this problem. Jon E. This happened to me last week while driving in my cold car during below-freezing temperatures outside. It was connected to the USB-C car charger and running Google Maps Navigation. It had around 50% battery and it randomly shut itself off, did not come back on by itself. I had to dangerously pull over while the sleet/ice was getting worse with the freezing wind, and when I turned it back on, it came on and then immediately turned itself off again. I literally SAT on my damn phone for 7-10 mins until it warmed up, then it booted up okay, but it showed 13% battery for some reason...I've been worried about it, and now here I am seeing this is a widespread issue; wonderful. Shay Carmel The issue is not because of cold environment. I live in Israel where it's 23 degrees or more and it happend to me as well, battery drain and shuts down at 16 percent. Ceridwen I've had it happen with up to 38% battery life remaining on mine. Seems to occur most often when the phone is even marginally cold (30 degree weather, phone in coat pocket) and I activate the camera. Made my husband quite angry with me once for not telling him my phone was low before it died while I was at the park with our daughter. Rather frustrated at this point because I've already RMA'd the phone twice for rebooting issues where it would refuse to turn back on for hours at a time. Not impressed with quality control for this device. Diwa Galvez Does the issue persists in 7.1.1? Mine is still on Marshmallow, and I've been holding out on the upgrade. weictay My 6P was just upgraded to 7.1.1 a few days ago and yesterday, I noticed my phone had shut down at 25% battery life. Never had this happened before while it was 7.0 so this was a surprise. Stephen Cornwell Happened to me today: https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/e10378fd3532e7e6b183e2085e162a4bf1f2e8b7307c1854d33caf1a2dcb1faa.png Left on the side of the road in -2°C because my phone died and I couldn't call to be picked up. Running 7.1.1 so it's obviously not fixed yet. Gerardo Sarabia I broke my pixel so while fixing it decided to use my Nexus 6p. Is dying at about 33%. Ridiculous. Any news on this? Trevor I was at 75% and this just happened as I was playing with my dog outside (I live in Canada so it is cold) and the phone just dies! I just got the phone 4 months ago too. Andrey I have the same problem. Was snowboarding at Stevens Pass in WA and just ten minutes after I hit the slopes the phone died at 40% battery. The temperature outside was 15F. Basically phone renders useless in mellow cold weather. Any updates on the fix? EastOakland510 Same thing is happening to my phone too usually after 20% Alexander Gontar Any feedback from Google or Huawei on this article? Tom Frascone (theorie) Just recently developed this problem on my Nexus 6P purchased in Jan 2016. Currently running 7.1.1 and when my battery hits 20% it divebombs to around 10% before automatically shutting off. It's winter, but I live in Florida and it's been around 70F the past month...so not sure temp is an issue. Just called Google and they said my phone is still in warranty (by only a few days) and they are going to replace it. eastprecinctguy That just happened to me tonight. Out of the country, late at night, trying to get back to the hotel, cold out - phone dies with plenty of battery life. Won't turn back on. Thank God I brought my portable charger. Not good. TrOpAzR So I just spent the last 40 minutes with Google Chat Support regarding this issue. I was the owner of a launch device and had zero issues with this phone until 7.1.1. 3-4 weeks ago my phone started shutting off between 5-10% battery. I took multiple screenshots and submitted them to Google Support. They pointed me to a list of 30 different things that I should do for "optimal" use but eventually RMA'd the device after the problem persisted even after a full wipe and reflash of the latest system images. I received my replacement device today and let it hang out on 7.0 which is what it shipped with. Battery acted completely normal and the phone was behaving really well. Had a persistent notification to upgrade to 7.1.1 and reluctantly accepted. Phone lasted about 15 minutes off the charger before it died near 25-30% battery. Attached is the screenshot. This is absolutely unacceptable. I have since been back in contact with Google Chat Support and they've promised to escalate this to a "specialist". Before I RMA'd my original device I asked them if this would continue to be a problem. They assured me that the refurbished replacement would be "tested to the highest standards" and that I would have nothing to worry about. Literally less than 3 hours after receiving the replacement device the problem is even worse than it was with my original device. Since it was on 7.0 when I received it they obviously didn't even test the replacement with the 7.1.1 update to ensure there were no issues with the software.. Simple deduction leads me to believe that this is absolutely a problem with 7.1.1. The 7.1.1 software update is obviously borking SOMETHING on this device. In addition, my old device suffered from the "echo" problem on phone calls for multiple months. However, I refused to believe there was an issue and would always tell the other person it was THEIR phone. Found out real quick that I was incorrect when I saw the thread about this issue here on XDA.. Sure, the phones aren't exploding like the Note 7.....but Google has a serious issue on their hands that they must address quickly. Unfortunately, I don't think they will. We must demand that this problem is fixed....and fixed soon. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/25eca7a15aad8a3b2a76adcefdd9d963140ea4355aa44d05663207124c0ac04e.png Ray My phone used to die around 5% when I used to take walks in the park. I thought it might have just been an issue with the phone not having enough energy to handle the gps, so I ignored it. Yesterday I was waiting for an Uber and I saw my driver go past me on the map. He called me, and right after I tried to speak the phone shut off completely. I had about 34% battery but couldn't turn the phone back on. I'm lucky he didn't just give up and go home or it would have been a major inconvenience. I owned two Nexus 6 phones and both had a similar issue as well. With the 6 there was some over heating that I think caused the issue, but back when I had a Galaxy S3 I had bad overheating and the battery never behaved like that. I feel like since they introduced all of this rapid charging technology these smartphone batteries are starting to fail quicker. Shaik Shahir I don't have the battery issue most of the time , but I think it's related to cold , becuz whenever I keep my AC on it gets damn cold inside the room and at that time my phone shuts down but when it's not cold it works perfectly . Israel Rodriguez I just went from loving my Nexus the first year after release and as soon as that update rolled out I just have grown to hate my phone I once loved. Such a shame Google is hiding from this waiting for things to blow over. I wish they do a recall or something to get it fixed otherwise this is the worst investment I've ever made Stephen Metz-Lago Same thing. Take a picture or video in cold weather and game over, even with over 50% charge. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c8faa6cbe1d087a3b07ba213803feed31f0f32c80e9e7220d48ad30a8b5ea1ef.png Ching-Wang Hung Thanks for reporting this but were you able to get comments from Google on this issue yet? Huawei customer support keeps saying it's a software issue and refused to provide any repairs or replacements even though my phone is still within warranty. I'm really disappointed in them and will never buy their products again. Richard Y I would always tell everyone the biggest draw of this phone is now for once, I never had to think about battery life, ever. How fast things change. Those who feel it's Nougat or the weather are mistaken. These problems started occuring when the Pixel was released - Google made sure the Nexus 6P had problems a) to get nexus owners to jump ship go Pixel and b) any bad publicity on the Nexus would ensure there would be no debate as to whether someone had to decide between the 6P and a Pixel. Weh Yeoh This issue is online in a few blogs, it's also on Google's issue tracker but as a low priority, (https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=227849) which is poor form. It doesn't seem like Huawei are taking it seriously either. This issue has been unresolved for me since October. I think it's time to step it up so I've just purchased two domains, googledoesntlisten.com and huaweidoesntlisten.com. One might be able to redirect to the other. My idea is that we can post screenshots of our battery issues, our locations, and maybe a one sentence line like "I was stuck in the snow when my phone's GPS shut down" to hammer home the reality of the issue here. This might get Google and Huawei to do something, especially since it's affecting a lot of people. Problem is, I'm very poor on website design. Now that i have purchased the domains, who is willing to help me get them set up? roseskegg It happens to me all the time, and I live in the Bay Area! It's never below 45 degrees, but my phone just shut off today at 40% Tomasimpo I have been suffering from early battery shutoffs for the past month or so. Finally having had enough of waiting for Google to release a software fix for this issue I called the UK Google support and CSR immediately said it was an known issue affecting a very small number of handsets. I asked for a new handset and they said yes immediately. I now have a brand new 6p on 7.1.1 without the issue. My handset was purchased at launch from the Google Store so was over 12 months old so was expecting a fight for a new handset. Anyone in the UK who got their handset direct from Google I suggest you phone them and get yourselves an shiny new 6p. TBolt My Nexus 6P died the other day at around 20% battery life (I'm in warm Orange County, California). I started googling the issue to see if there have been any known fixes for the problem -- sadly nothing from Google or Huawei. Very disappointing for Google Android & Huawei. Justin Alick Have had this problem since December 2016, with shutdowns (and inability to restart until charging) guaranteed between 15-20% and once at 50%. This has been hugely disruptive to my professional and personal life - I recently swapped from Samsung to Google's native phones and will move on if the company doesn't fix this problem soon. Akabari I know this old but I wanted to point out this happens to me a lot, and I once had to walk 4 miles in below zero temps and stay at a hotel because of it Ricardo N Feliciano It may not be effective, but I've made a Change.org petition for this issue (and the bootloop issue as well): https://www.change.org/p/google-support-acknowledge-nexus-6p-issues Phillip Mwaniki I bought a nexus 6p a month ago and it still has this issue. Can't trust google anymore. Qadir Ali khan problem not with the device problem is with android N factory image. even I am also facing this problem when first I upgrade to android N 7.0 and problem is continues until I decide to step to custom rom . now I am on Pure Nexus rom android 7.1.1 and phone performance is awesome with a great battery life without any issue . Ricardo N Feliciano I made a petition for this problem: https://www.change.org/p/google-support-acknowledge-nexus-6p-issues Margaritas Ante Porcos This happened to my 6p now after 7.1.2 update. I am beyond furious with Google. Josh Temperature may affect it, but it's a correlation only... not the cause. It's definitely a hardware problem, but it was brought out with Nougat. We have two Nexus 6Ps. One is on Sprint (CDMA) and one is on AT&T (GSM). The Sprint one does have the problem and the AT&T one does not (regardless of temperature). Google sent me a free replacement for the Sprint one (outside of my warranty I might add because they seem to know that it is some form a hardware issue). The new phone didn't have the problem for the first few days of testing it just on Wifi. But the first day I put in the Sprint sim card and activated service, it started the bug again... this time it was actually worse (before it would die at 20-30%; this one dies at 40%). So it may be a CDMA radio problem that causes some glitch in battery level reporting with Nougat. jamesacres I wonder if I am having the same issue as I have the exact same problem but on the older first edition Nexus 5! It has been totally fine but recently randomly shuts off even if the battery is high percentage and doesn't show any shut down message. It seems to happen more often when you're using it when on the move (has been cold in England so might be related) and doesn't happen at all if it is plugged into​ battery pack. ali jawad I experience a sudden shutdown every now and then at around the 30% level. Annoying, but I still am getting a good charge that lasts until I get home after work. Just hoping it's not a potential fire hazard. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/47e975fdfd2774776983941155f26dd5864257470d2b4fe37b793945ef75e3ff.png carl green Have started to experience this issue over the last 3 weeks Battery drops normally from 100% then at anywhere from 20% to 50% switches off and shows 0% I have done a factory reset and followed the phone calibration recommended on the Google 6p forum, but the problem remains the same, wonder if a battery replacement would fix the issue? Ronald Looks like it's time to go the iPhone /iOS route. My 6P shuts down at 20% battery, funny because my battery saver is set to activate at 15% . SKStark I purchased my 6P a little late, 4/29/2016, and the early shutdown problem started almost exactly 1 year later and it degraded very quickly. At first my phone started shutting immediately down at the 15% battery saver trigger. Within a few weeks it degraded to the point that it was routinely dying at 80% charge or even higher. No cold temperatures involved in my case, my phone and I are almost constantly indoors where we're in the comfy 70's. I replaced the battery and the problems immediately went away -- I have not changed settings or software in any way. I'm firmly convinced Huawei hardware is to blame and that it mostly just happened to coincide with Android N updates. What blew me away was how quickly my battery degraded -- there was no grace to it whatsoever. In about two weeks it went from working normal to being completely unreliable unless I had it constantly tethered to a portable or regular charger. 420 Baker street I have had the same exact issue for the last 6 months, so i always carry a powerbank with me. I tried replacing the battery on my own because I have no time to send it in for repair. Sadly, it did not help. Now i see this is a general issue.. Mine is 1,5 years old, however we have 24 month required warranty here in denmark. Is there no solution to this shit? I need a smartphone! Can't google send me a new one? Gustavo Guarda Someone fixed it?? ←  Older Comments  → Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 111 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 111 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 112 queries | 0.494s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN Trending Videos CBSN Live » CBS This Morning Android founder reveals Essential Phone CBS Evening News London attack timeline CBS Evening News London victims CBS Evening News Terror arrests CBS Evening News Manchester tribute concert CBS Evening News Trump reacts to London CBS Evening News Breaking fast with tacos CBS Evening News "Ellis Island South" CBS Evening News The gentlemen's club Sunday Morning Roger Waters: The Us + Them Tour Sunday Morning The Race to Alaska, a human-powered test of endura... CBSN 7 dead, dozens injured in London terror attack Sunday Morning British PM May on terror attack: "Enough is enough... CBS Evening News Heightened concert security Sunday Morning Roger Waters: The Us + Them Tour Sunday Morning The Race to Alaska, a human-powered test of endura... Sunday Morning On Broadway: "A Doll's House, Part 2" Sunday Morning HIV/AIDS, 36 years later SciTech SpaceX launches station supply ship after two-day delay SciTech Tunnel diggers stumble upon surprise: ancient giant sloth SciTech Antarctic ice crack could create massive iceberg SciTech Android creator unveils Essential Phone SciTech Two space station fliers wrapping up 196-day flight SciTech On climate change, "the science is clear" SciTech Storms delay launch of "used" SpaceX cargo ship SciTech UN climate negotiator: Trump has "no idea" how Paris accord works SciTech Watch: Silicon Valley's personal flying vehicles SciTech "Faceless" fish discovered during deep sea expedition SciTech Gravity waves from black hole collision detected SciTech Like it or not, airlines are testing facial recognition By Alfred Ng CNET May 30, 2017, 2:33 PM Android creator wants Essential Phone to fix a "weird world" Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Last Updated Jun 2, 2017 8:55 AM EDT Creating Android wasn't enough for Andy Rubin. He needed the right phone to go with it. That's why, on Tuesday, he introduced the Essential Phone. It's a high-end Android device that could keep alive the hopes for modular phones -- an idea that failed to take off with Google's Project Ara and has yet to really click into high gear with various Motorola projects. It could also help Rubin become a force in hardware the same way he ignited the world of mobile software. Around the globe, more than two billion devices run on Android. Some of the impetus for Rubin's new move, though, came from frustration over a situation he said was partly his own fault. He's looking, he said, to simplify a complicated world, one littered with unnecessary features and products that don't work together. "Just when I was about drop another criticism it hit me: I am partly responsible for all of this," Rubin wrote. "For all the good Android has done to help bring technology to nearly everyone it has also helped create this weird new world where people are forced to fight with the very technology that was supposed to simplify their lives." The Essential Phone, from the creator of Android. Essential Products Rubin said he wanted to create a simple phone that wouldn't have forced bloatware, become outdated or live in a closed ecosystem. The specs Starting at $699, the Essential Phone boasts 4GB of RAM with 128GB of storage and a Snapdragon 835 chip. The 5.71-inch display spreads across the entire screen, even seeping into where the front facing camera is placed, with a 2,560 x 1,312-pixel resolution. Essential Phone with 360-degree camera attachment Essential Products Both its front and back cameras can shoot in 4K video, with a 13-megapixel dual camera on the rear and an 8-megapixel camera on the screen. The Essential Phone also comes with Bluetooth 5.0, and there's no headphone jack. It will be able to run on all major carriers. Its most prominent feature might be the magnetic connector on the back of the phone, near the camera. The connector allows for modular attachments to the Essential Phone, using wireless data transfers on the port. All accessories will be able to snap magnetically onto the phone, according to Essential. The company showed off this feature with a snap-on 360-degree camera that works with the magnetic connector. The add-on comes for an additional $50, with dual 12-megapixel fish-eye lens. Essential also released a phone dock that takes advantage of the magnetic connector, allowing the device to charge wirelessly. The Essential Phone comes with a titanium build, which the company said makes it more durable than the majority of high-end phones. It will come in black, gray, white and blue, without any logos showing. "Unlike aluminum, which is what most phones are made of, titanium doesn't scratch, dent, or bend," the company wrote. "That's why you won't find an area for phone cases on our site." Samsung's and Apple's phones are made from aluminum, if you needed the context behind the shade Essential's throwing there. Home coming Essential isn't just launching with a phone. Play Video CBSN Google unveils new products at I/O conference CNET senior editor Dan Ackerman joins CBSN to talk about the newest technology from Google, including advancements in artificial intelligence and... Rubin is also releasing a home assistant, which will thrust it into a field where Amazon and Google have been doing battle. While both companies have made their voice assistant programs open-source, leading to many clones, Essential is going with its own Ambient operating system. The Essential home assistant, looking like a small, slanted bowl with a screen, can be activated by voice, touch or look, the company said. It will be able to play music, set timers, answer questions and control your smart home -- most features a voice assistant already offers, but with the additional touch screen. The Essential Phone will likely be the first to launch, and only in the U.S. for now. It is expected to arrive in the next few months, but a specific launch date has not been set. There are no details on when the Home will be available. Rubin had been teasing Essential's launch for the last five days, with a photo hinting at the phone tweeted on May 25. 64 Photos The evolution of Apple products The company has moved technology forward since the launch of the Apple I in 1976 Special Reports: CNET's in-depth features in one place. Technically Literate: Original works of short fiction with unique perspectives on tech, exclusively on CNET. This article originally appeared on CNET. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Gorilla Doctors Poisoned Chief of Chobani Poisoned again? What 60 Minutes learned about Russia's "love of poison" Chobani's chief taster Play Video London attack timeline Play Video London victims Play Video Terror arrests Play Video Manchester tribute concert Play Video Trump reacts to London Play Video Breaking fast with tacos Previous Next 21 Photos London Bridge terror attack 24 Photos 75 years ago: The Battle of Midway 28 Photos The art of Kerry James Marshall 26 Photos Anti-Trump protesters "March for Truth" 32 Photos Wonder Woman through the years Previous Next Most Discussed McCain weighs in on Kushner's reported request for Russia back channel Will U.S. exit from Paris agreement spur job growth? London Bridge terror attack -- live updates Trump pulls out of climate deal Ex-Trump adviser dodges questions on Russian meddling but maintains innocence New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: Culture Art Zaha Hadid: How did she change architecture and its view of women? The larger-than-life artist, who was widely regarded as the greatest female architect of her time, reshaped architecture for the modern epoch and smashed the glass ceiling to smithereens Maya Oppenheim @mayaoppenheim Wednesday 31 May 2017 08:45 BST Click to follow The Independent Culture Hadid was renowned for her disregard for dull functionality and penchant for experimentation Popular videos CCTV footage shows woman 'led through London streets to be gang-raped' Bloomberg to pay $15m UN will lose after US pulls out of Paris accord Bernie Sanders says Jeremy Corbyn is 'revitalising democracy' Jewish activists form protective barrier around Muslims at protest ​Initially dubbed the “paper architect”, Dame Zaha Hadid’s plans were once perceived to be unbuildable. For years, her designs struggled to move beyond the sketch phrase and be transformed into bricks and mortar. Nevertheless, this did not last long. Thanks to her unshakeable determination and fierce dynamism, the Iraqi-born British architect became known for building the unbuildable. Today, Hadid’s ongoing legacy, embodied in her creations around the world, is being honoured with a Google Doodle – in honour of the day, in 2004, when she became the first woman to win the coveted Pritzker Architecture Prize. (Google Doodle) Hadid, who is widely seen as the greatest female architect of contemporary times, reshaped architecture for the modern epoch. The esteemed but divisive artist, who died of a heart attack at the age of 65 last spring, was known for designs such as the London Olympic Aquatic Centre and the Guangzhou Opera House.  Her plentiful buildings appear all over the world, including in America, China and Switzerland; some of her most renowned commissions include the London Olympics, Glasgow’s Riverside Museum, the Cardiff Bay Opera House and the 2022 Fifa World Cup Stadium in Qatar.  Dubbed a diva, the caffeine-loving, chain-smoking “Queen of the Curve”, who won the Stirling Prize twice, was also famed for her larger-than-life personality.  Speaking about her tremendous acclaim in receiving the Royal Gold Medal for Architecture back in 2016, the artist, architect and designer said she still did not feel like she belonged to the establishment.  Nevertheless, she did admit: “I suppose I must be part of the establishment now. I’ve always been independent and, because I’m ‘flamboyant’, I’ve always been seen as difficult. As a woman in architecture, you’re always an outsider. It’s OK, I like being on the edge.” This brings us to the question of how Hadid revolutionised modern architecture itself and the role of women within it. She was renowned for her disregard for dull functionality and penchant for experimentation. The architect would not compromise her concepts or designs for practical constraints or technology. Instead, her swooping, curved, futuristic buildings tended to be structurally intricate.  Google Doodles 52 show all Google Doodles 1/52 Zaha Hadid Google celebrates the acclaimed architect for becoming the first woman to win the Pritzker Architecture Prize on this day in 2004 Google Doodle 2/52 Richard Oakes Google Doodle celebrating Richard Oakes' 75 birthday Google 3/52 Google Doodle celebrating the Antikythera Mechanism Google Doodle celebrating the Antikythera Mechanism Google 4/52 Ferdinand Monoyer The famous French ophthalmologist, who invented the eye test, would have celebrated his 181st birthday today Google 5/52 Google Doodle celebrating Giro d'Italia's 100th Anniversary Google Doodle celebrating Giro d'Italia's 100th Anniversary Google 6/52 Google Doodle celebrating Nasa's Cassini probe Google Doodle celebrating Nasa's Cassini probe Google 7/52 Google Doodle celebrating Fazlur Rahman Khan Google Doodle celebrating Fazlur Rahman Khan Google 8/52 Google Doodle celebrating Sergei Diaghilev Google Doodle celebrating Sergei Diaghilev Google 9/52 Google Doodle celebrating St. Patrick's Day Google Doodle celebrating St. Patrick's Day Google 10/52 Google Doodle celebrating Holi Festival Google Doodle celebrating Holi Festival Google 11/52 Google Doodle celebrating St. David's Day Google Doodle celebrating St. David's Day Google 12/52 Abdul Sattar Edhi Google Doodle of Abdul Sattar Edhi on February 28 2017 Google 13/52 Seven earth-sized exoplanets discovered Google Doodle celebrates Nasa's discovery of seven earth-sized exoplanets in new solar system Google 14/52 Bessie Coleman Google Doodle honours the first African American woman to get an international pilot licence on her 125th birthday Google 15/52 Caroling Google Doodle celebrates Christmas caroling Google 16/52 Today's Google Doodle features activist Steve Biko Google 17/52 Walter Cronkite Google celebrates Walter Cronkite's 100th birthday 18/52 Ladislao José Biro Google celebrates Ladislao José Biro 117th birthday 19/52 Google Google celebrates its 18th birthday 20/52 The history of tea in Britain Google celebrates the 385th anniversary of tea in the UK 21/52 Autumnal equinox 2016 Google marks the start of fall 22/52 Paralympics 2016 Google marks the start of the Paralympic Games 2016 23/52 Nettie Stevens Google celebrates Nettie Stevens 155th birthday 24/52 Father's Day 2016 Google celebrates Father's Day 25/52 Elizabeth Garrett Anderson Google celebrates Elizabeth Garrett Anderson 180th birthday 26/52 Earth Day 2016 Google celebrates Earth Day 27/52 Ravi Shankar Google marks Pandit Ravi Shankar's 96th birthday 28/52 Olympic Games in 1896 Google are celebrates the 120th anniversary of the modern Olympic Games in 1896 29/52 World Twenty20 final Google celebrates the 2016 World Twenty20 cricket final between the West Indies and England with a doodle Google 30/52 William Morris Google celebrates William Morris' 182 birthday with a doodle showcasing his most famous designs Google 31/52 St Patrick's Day 2016 Googlle celebrates St Patrick's Day on 17 March 32/52 Caroline Herschel Google marks Caroline Herschel's 266th birthday Google 33/52 Clara Rockmore Google celebrates Clara Rockmore's 105th birthday 34/52 International Women's Day 2016 #OneDayIWill video marks International Woman's Day on 8 March 35/52 St David's Day 2016 Google marks St David's Day Google 36/52 Leap Year 2016 Google celebrates Leap Day on 28 February 2 Google 37/52 Lantern Festival 2016 Google celebrates the last day of the Chinese New Year celebrations with a doodle of the Lantern Festival Google 38/52 Stethoscope Inventor, René Laennec Google celebrate's René Laennec's 235th birthday 39/52 Valentine's Day 2016 Google celebrates Valentine's Day with a romantic Doodle 40/52 Dmitri Mendeleev Google celebrate Dmitri Mendeleev's 182nd birthday 41/52 "The televisor" demonstartion Google Doodle celebrates 90 years since the first demonstration of television or "the televisor" to the public 42/52 Professor Scoville Google marks Professor Scoville’s 151st birthday 43/52 Sophie Taeuber-Arp Google marks Sophie Taeuber-Arp's 127th birthday 44/52 Charles Perrault Google celebrates author Charles Perrault's 388th birthday 45/52 Mountain of Butterflies discovery Google celebrates the 41st anniversary of the discovery of the Mountain of Butterflies 46/52 Winter Solstice 2015 Google celebrate the Winter Solstice 47/52 St Andrew's Day 2015 Google marks St Andrew's Day with doodle featuring Scotland's flag and Loch Ness monster 48/52 41st anniversary of the discovery of 'Lucy' Google marks the 41st anniversary of the discovery of 'Lucy', the name given to a collection of fossilised bones that once made up the skeleton of a hominid from the Australopithecus afarensis species, who lived in Ethiopia 3.2 million years ago 49/52 George Boole Google marks George Boole's 200th birthday 50/52 Halloween 2015 Google celebrates Halloween using an interactive doodle game "Global Candy Cup" 51/52 Prague Astronomical Clock Google celebrates the 605th anniversary of the Prague Astronomical Clock, one of the oldest functioning timepieces in the world 52/52 Autumnal Equinox 2015 Google marks the autumnal equinox on 23 September But she did not just do away with boundaries; her flamboyant buildings arguably helped to popularise and thus glamorise architecture into something for onlookers to enjoy rather than merely utilise. Hadid also massively changed the industry for fellow female architects. She gave them a role model and someone to inspire towards, as Despina Stratigakos, associate professor and interim chair of architecture at the State University of New York and author of Where Are The Women Architects?, explains so lucidly in a piece for The Conversation in the wake of Zaha’s death. “With Hadid’s passing, we have lost a role model in a field that has few others,” she says. “That is not to say that there are not a great many accomplished and inspiring women in architecture. But none have achieved Hadid’s prominence – as, indeed, have few male architects.”  “Against all odds and a great deal of prejudice, she broke one glass ceiling after another, no mean feat when that glass was as hard and thick as concrete.” In recent years, she had become increasingly vocal about the professional challenges she was forced to deal with as a woman. Read more My world is smaller without Ronnie Corbett and Zaha Hadid Interestingly, in 2013 she told Business Insider she had faced “more misogynist behaviour” in London than anywhere else in Europe and that the state of play was not improving for women in architecture. “I am non-European, I don’t do conventional work and I am a woman,” she once told an interviewer. “On the one hand all of these things together make it easier – but on the other hand it is very difficult.” But Hadid was not just a woman in an industry dominated by men, she was also a person of colour in a predominantly white field. It’s worth noting that as celebrated as Hadid was, she was not free of controversies. She received great criticism from human rights campaigners when her $250m (£194m) cultural centre in Baku, Azerbaijan, forced families to be evicted from the site, as well as for a number of her other projects. Nevertheless, however you feel about Hadid, it cannot ever be denied that she was a force to be reckoned with and a tremendous pioneer in the architectural world. In the words of her mentor Rem Koolhaas, she was “a planet in her own inimitable orbit”. More about: Zaha Hadid Google Doodle Architecture Stirling Prize Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 05, 12:57 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Security On Smartphones And Mobile Devices Is At Risk Because Of Apps By Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez AND Srikanth Sundaresan On 05/30/17 AT 12:59 PM Close Our mobile phones can reveal a lot about ourselves: where we live and work; who our family, friends and acquaintances are; how (and even what) we communicate with them; and our personal habits. With all the information stored on them, it isn’t surprising that mobile device users take steps to protect their privacy, like using PINs or passcodes to unlock their phones. The research that we and our colleagues are doing identifies and explores a significant threat that most people miss: More than 70 percent of smartphone apps are reporting personal data to third-party tracking companies like Google Analytics, the Facebook Graph API or Crashlytics. When people install a new Android or iOS app, it asks the user’s permission before accessing personal information. Generally speaking, this is positive. And some of the information these apps are collecting are necessary for them to work properly: A map app wouldn’t be nearly as useful if it couldn’t use GPS data to get a location. But once an app has permission to collect that information, it can share your data with anyone the app’s developer wants to – letting third-party companies track where you are, how fast you’re moving and what you’re doing. The help, and hazard, of code libraries An app doesn’t just collect data to use on the phone itself. Mapping apps, for example, send your location to a server run by the app’s developer to calculate directions from where you are to a desired destination. The app can send data elsewhere, too. As with websites, many mobile apps are written by combining various functions, precoded by other developers and companies, in what are called third-party libraries. These libraries help developers track user engagement, connect with social media and earn money by displaying ads and other features, without having to write them from scratch. However, in addition to their valuable help, most libraries also collect sensitive data and send it to their online servers – or to another company altogether. Successful library authors may be able to develop detailed digital profiles of users. For example, a person might give one app permission to know their location, and another app access to their contacts. These are initially separate permissions, one to each app. But if both apps used the same third-party library and shared different pieces of information, the library’s developer could link the pieces together. Users would never know, because apps aren’t required to tell users what software libraries they use. And only very few apps make public their policies on user privacy; if they do, it’s usually in long legal documents a regular person won’t read, much less understand. Developing Lumen Our research seeks to reveal how much data are potentially being collected without users’ knowledge, and to give users more control over their data. To get a picture of what data are being collected and transmitted from people’s smartphones, we developed a free Android app of our own, called the Lumen Privacy Monitor. It analyzes the traffic apps send out, to report which applications and online services actively harvest personal data. Because Lumen is about transparency, a phone user can see the information installed apps collect in real time and with whom they share these data. We try to show the details of apps’ hidden behavior in an easy-to-understand way. It’s about research, too, so we ask users if they’ll allow us to collect some data about what Lumen observes their apps are doing – but that doesn’t include any personal or privacy-sensitive data. This unique access to data allows us to study how mobile apps collect users’ personal data and with whom they share data at an unprecedented scale. In particular, Lumen keeps track of which apps are running on users’ devices, whether they are sending privacy-sensitive data out of the phone, what internet sites they send data to, the network protocol they use and what types of personal information each app sends to each site. Lumen analyzes apps traffic locally on the device, and anonymizes these data before sending them to us for study: If Google Maps registers a user’s GPS location and sends that specific address to maps.google.com, Lumen tells us, “Google Maps got a GPS location and sent it to maps.google.com” – not where that person actually is. Trackers are everywhere More than 1,600 people who have used Lumen since October 2015 allowed us to analyze more than 5,000 apps. We discovered 598 internet sites likely to be tracking users for advertising purposes, including social media services like Facebook, large internet companies like Google and Yahoo, and online marketing companies under the umbrella of internet service providers like Verizon Wireless. We found that more than 70 percent of the apps we studied connected to at least one tracker, and 15 percent of them connected to five or more trackers. One in every four trackers harvested at least one unique device identifier, such as the phone number or its device-specific unique 15-digit IMEI number. Unique identifiers are crucial for online tracking services because they can connect different types of personal data provided by different apps to a single person or device. Most users, even privacy-savvy ones, are unaware of those hidden practices. More than just a mobile problem Tracking users on their mobile devices is just part of a larger problem. More than half of the app-trackers we identified also track users through websites. Thanks to this technique, called “cross-device” tracking, these services can build a much more complete profile of your online persona. And individual tracking sites are not necessarily independent of others. Some of them are owned by the same corporate entity – and others could be swallowed up in future mergers. For example, Alphabet, Google’s parent company, owns several of the tracking domains that we studied, including Google Analytics, DoubleClick or AdMob, and through them collects data from more than 48 percent of the apps we studied. Users’ online identities are not protected by their home country’s laws. We found data being shipped across national borders, often ending up in countries with questionable privacy laws. More than 60 percent of connections to tracking sites are made to servers in the U.S., U.K., France, Singapore, China and South Korea – six countries that have deployed mass surveillance technologies. Government agencies in those places could potentially have access to these data, even if the users are in countries with stronger privacy laws such as Germany, Switzerland or Spain. Even more disturbingly, we have observed trackers in apps targeted to children. By testing 111 kids’ apps in our lab, we observed that 11 of them leaked a unique identifier, the MAC address, of the Wi-Fi router it was connected to. This is a problem, because it is easy to search online for physical locations associated with particular MAC addresses. Collecting private information about children, including their location, accounts and other unique identifiers, potentially violates the Federal Trade Commission’s rules protecting children’s privacy. Just a small look Although our data include many of the most popular Android apps, it is a small sample of users and apps, and therefore likely a small set of all possible trackers. Our findings may be merely scratching the surface of what is likely to be a much larger problem that spans across regulatory jurisdictions, devices and platforms. It’s hard to know what users might do about this. Blocking sensitive information from leaving the phone may impair app performance or user experience: An app may refuse to function if it cannot load ads. Actually, blocking ads hurts app developers by denying them a source of revenue to support their work on apps, which are usually free to users. If people were more willing to pay developers for apps, that may help, though it’s not a complete solution. We found that while paid apps tend to contact fewer tracking sites, they still do track users and connect with third-party tracking services. Transparency, education and strong regulatory frameworks are the key. Users need to know what information about them is being collected, by whom, and what it’s being used for. Only then can we as a society decide what privacy protections are appropriate, and put them in place. Our findings, and those of many other researchers, can help turn the tables and track the trackers themselves. Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez, Research Assistant Professor, IMDEA Networks Institute, Madrid, Spain; Research Scientist, Networking and Security, International Computer Science Institute based at, University of California, Berkeley and Srikanth Sundaresan, Research Fellow in Computer Science, Princeton University This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. The Conversation's logo. Photo: The Conversation Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories The Future Of Passwords For Smartphones Could Be A Doodle Samsung Reportedly Hires Department Of Defense To Improve Mobile Security Recommended Business Chevy's Bolt Is Being Beaten To A Pulp By Tesla's Model 3 The Chevy Bolt is the little engine that couldn't live up to anticipation from GM. Elon Musk's Tesla Model 3 is beating it into oblivion. Technology Happy But Depressed? You May Have Smiling Depression Smiling depression is characterized by appearing happy on the outside, and keeping the pain on the inside. World Photo Of Canadian Man Casually Mowing Lawn With Tornado Behind Him Goes Viral The tornado in Alberta, Canada, resulted in damage to property but caused no causalities. Alberta generally experiences about 15 tornadoes every year, typically between the months of April and September. National Breitbart News Reporter Tweets Racist Remarks After London Attack Katie McHugh, a Breitbart reporter, blamed Muslim population of London for attacks that took place Saturday. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Music Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Android Inventor Andy Rubin Unveils New Phone, Amazon Echo Competitor Janko Roettgers Senior Silicon Valley Correspondent @jank0 Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Courtesy of Essential Products May 30, 2017 | 09:59AM PT Android inventor Andy Rubin took the wraps off of Essential Products, his new hardware startup, Tuesday morning, unveiling the company’s two first products: The Essential Phone, a high-end Android phone, and Essential Home, which promises Amazon Echo-type functionality with an integrated touch screen. But a number of trademarks — and a recently acquired patent — reveal even more ambitious plans. The phone, dubbed the Essential PH-1, combines a 5.7 inch display with an almost bezel-free titanium body, a fast Snapdragon processor, 4GB of RAM, 128 GB of memory and an interesting magnetic extension port that makes it possible to clip on an external 360-degree video camera. The phone will ship soon for $699, and Essential is adding the 360-degree camera for just $50 as an introductory special. After that, the camera accessory will sell for $150. There is no price tag for Essential Home yet, a puck-like device with an integrated touch screen that promises Amazon Echo-like functionality with an added layer of privacy. But the company says that it will be powered by something it calls Ambient OS, which is supposed to automatically recognize other devices in the home and help to interact with them. Rubin is best known as the inventor of Android, and led Google’s mobile software efforts for some 8 years. After leaving Google in 2014, he founded Playground Global, a startup incubator that eventually gave birth to Essential Products. Rubin had been hinting at the Essential phone for weeks, sharing sneak previews on Twitter. Essential Home was much more of a surprise, by design: To keep the product and its plans from prying eyes, Essential registered a shell company dubbed “Henry’s Products LLC,” named after one of the company’s office dogs. That shell company registered a number of trademarks relevant to Essential’s products and road map in recent weeks, including one for Ambient OS. Other trademarks registered by Henry’s Products included Home Connect, Home Display and Boundless, which apparently was meant as a way to describe Essential Home’s voice recognition software. But there’s something else hidden in these products: a lot of references to home monitoring and security products. True Display, for example, is being described as: “Remote video monitoring system consisting primarily of a camera and video monitor for recording and transmitting images and videos to remote locations; video cameras; computer software for mobile phones, tablets and other wireless devices, namely, software for use in recording, viewing, storing, sharing and analyzing online audio and video.” That’s not an accident, and it tells us a lot about where Essential aims to go with Home and future products. Case in point: Henry’s Products apparently recently acquired some intellectual property from Sentri, a startup that had been building an Android-powered home monitoring system. Sentri delivered around a thousand of its displays with integrated cameras to Kickstarter backers, but was never able to secure enough funding to take its product to the next level and eventually ran out of money. However, the startup owned some key IP, including a patent for a “portable security device” that got assigned to Henry’s Products in April. “The portable security device can compute a home rhythm pattern utilizing a machine learning engine based on a historical record of real-time sensor feeds,” the patent reads. Such a device could for example learn when a home-owner would normally leave the house, and alert them when motion was detected during that time, or register anything else out of the ordinary. Rubin’s team was still coy Tuesday on how exactly it was going to position its Home product. His company’s secretly-registered trademarks and the Sentri patent suggest that home monitoring — perhaps combined with a still-unannounced camera — will be a key part of it. Filed Under: Andy Rubin Essential Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 Music Katy Perry’s Manchester Outfit Made with Victims’ Photos TV Bill Maher Should Be Fired (Opinion) Film ‘Wonder Woman’ Makes History at the Box Office Dirt Angelina Jolie Buys Cecil B. DeMille’s Estate at Record Price Whoopi Goldberg, Morgan Spurlock, Jason Blum Among Academy Candidates for Board of Governors Election Emmy Contenders: Time to Shake Up Lead Actor Races Emmy Preview: Stephen Colbert Will Bring Political Heat to Hosting Gig Could a Perfect Storm Help Push Elisabeth Moss to Her First Emmy Win? Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Get That Red Carpet Glow With These Plant-Based Beauty… John Oliver: Vladimir Putin "Biggest Threat To U.S. After The… Pippa Middleton's Chic Australian Honeymoon Sandals Are Now On… Fear TWD Showrunner Breaks Down [Spoiler]'s 'Inevitable' Demise… 'Silicon Valley' Review: Richard and Jared Tap Into Their Darker… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Difference between revisions of "Speaker Series" From MozillaWiki Jump to: navigation, search Revision as of 14:06, 26 May 2017 (view source) Wikibiz (Talk | contribs) (→‎Tuesday, 13 June 2017: The Attention Merchants with Tim Wu) ← Older edit Revision as of 09:14, 30 May 2017 (view source) Wikibiz (Talk | contribs) (→‎Tuesday, 13 June 2017: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising with Tim Wu) Newer edit → Line 64: Line 64:   == <p>'''Upcoming Speakers'''</p> ==   == <p>'''Upcoming Speakers'''</p> ==   ===Tuesday, 13 June 2017: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising with Tim Wu===   ===Tuesday, 13 June 2017: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising with Tim Wu=== − * Location: Mozilla Toronto + Air Mozilla + * Location: Mozilla Toronto + [https://air.mozilla.org/selling-your-attention-the-web-and-advertising/ Air Mozilla ]   * Time: Noon PT / 3pm ET / 7pm UT   * Time: Noon PT / 3pm ET / 7pm UT − * Topic: Coming + * Topic: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising   +     + <BLOCKQUOTE>You don’t need cash to search Google or to use Facebook, but they’re not free. We pay for these services with our attention and with our data.</p>   +     + <p>While advertising-supported media was once confined to a small part of our lives like newspapers and radio, our work and lives are increasingly online and ads take the front row in our daily lives.    + This business model can have a democratizing effect: it makes products and information accessible to many more people, who might otherwise be priced out. But it also means that the main audience for these companies is not you - the person using their services - but rather, advertisers who keep the lights on.</p>   +     + <p>History is punctuated by acts of refusal and outright revolt against this model, from the invention of the remote control, to the more recent rise of cord-cutting and ad-blocking software. Yet, whenever the attention merchants have seemed to lose their charm, they’ve always found a way to reinvent themselves and to recapture us.</p>   +     + <p>What does this mean for the future of the open Internet? What can we, as Mozillians who ourselves live largely off of advertising revenues today, do?</p>   +     + <p>Join us for a conversation with Tim Wu, historian, policy advocate and professor who [https://www.recode.net/2016/6/14/11936484/net-neutrality-essay-tim-wu coined the term “net neutrality,"] as he traces the history of the dynamics between advertisers, media and audiences, and calls on us to reevaluate what we are getting (or giving up) in exchange for our attention, especially in today’s always-on Internet.</p></BLOCKQUOTE>   +     * Host: [https://mozillians.org/en-US/u/samb/ Sam Burton]   * Host: [https://mozillians.org/en-US/u/samb/ Sam Burton]   * Speaker:     * Speaker:   Line 74: Line 86:   <p>Wu has worked in academia, federal and state governments.  He worked at the White House for the National Economic Council; at the Federal Trade Commission, for the New York Attorney General’ as a fellow at Google, and for Riverstone Networks in the telecommunications industry. He was a law clerk for Judge Richard Posner and Justice Stephen Breyer. He graduated from McGill University (B.Sc.), and Harvard Law School.</p>   <p>Wu has worked in academia, federal and state governments.  He worked at the White House for the National Economic Council; at the Federal Trade Commission, for the New York Attorney General’ as a fellow at Google, and for Riverstone Networks in the telecommunications industry. He was a law clerk for Judge Richard Posner and Justice Stephen Breyer. He graduated from McGill University (B.Sc.), and Harvard Law School.</p>     − <p>Wu is a contributing opinion writer for the New York Times, and was formerly a contributing writer at [http://www.newyorker.com/contributors/tim-wu NewYorker.com] and contributing editor at the New Republic.  He has been named to the Politico 50 twice, to America’s 100 most influential lawyers, and also won awards from Scientific American magazine, National Law Journal, 02138 Magazine.  He has twice won the Lowell Thomas Award for travel writing and in 2017 he was named to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.</p> + <p>Wu is a contributing opinion writer for the New York Times, and was formerly a contributing writer at [http://www.newyorker.com/contributors/tim-wu NewYorker.com] and contributing editor at the New Republic.  He has been named to the Politico 50 twice, to America’s 100 most influential lawyers, and also won awards from Scientific American magazine, National Law Journal, 02138 Magazine.  He has twice won the Lowell Thomas Award for travel writing and in 2017 he was named to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.</p ></BLOCKQUOTE>       * Questions:     * Questions:   Revision as of 09:14, 30 May 2017 Contents 1 Overview 1.1 Topic Areas 1.2 Speaker Criteria 1.3 Program Objectives 2 Testimonials 3 Upcoming Speakers 3.1 Tuesday, 13 June 2017: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising with Tim Wu 3.2 Thursday, 20 July 2017: Are you an introvert? Working Across Personality Types with Jennifer Selby-Long 4 Previous Speakers 4.1 Wednesday, 10 May 2017: When Surveillance Goes Private: A 2027 Retrospective from Adrian Hon 4.2 Wednesday, April 26, 2017: American Spies: Jennifer Granick on U.S. Surveillance and its Global Implications 4.3 Wednesday, March 15, 2017: Building Habit-Forming Products with Nir Eyal 4.4 Wednesday, February 22, 2017: Inclusive Design: The Intersection of Product and Behavior (Panel Discussion) 4.5 Wednesday, January 18, 2017: Data and People: A Discussion with Laszlo Bock, Sr Advisor and former SVP of People Operations, Google 4.6 November 16: Failure: The Hard Part about Innovation, with Ashley Good, Fail Forward 4.7 October 12: Metadata is the new data... and why that (really) matters, with Harlo Holmes, Freedom of the Press Foundation 4.8 September 1: Being Human in a Data-Filled World with Genevieve Bell, Intel 4.9 July 20, 2016: The Invention Cycle with Tina Seelig, Stanford University 4.10 May 26, 2016: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years with Kevin Kelly, Wired 4.11 April 27, 2016: When Change is the Only Constant, with Kirsten Wolberg, PayPal 4.12 March 24, 2016: The Role of a Product Manager with Josh Elman, Greylock Partners 4.13 February 25, 2016: Building Product with Partners - Interview with April Underwood, Slack 4.14 January 27, 2016: The Right Way to Build Software with Jocelyn Goldfein, ex-Facebook 4.15 December 3, 2015: Optimizing for Uncertainty with Mike Arauz, August 4.16 October 22, 2015: Data as Empathy with Frances Haugen, Yelp 4.17 September 24, 2015: Should I Put it on Yammer? The Neuroscience of Online Communications with Deanna Zandt 4.18 August 13, 2015: Build, Measure, Learn: Being a Growth Organization with Hiten Shah, KISSMetrics 4.19 July 23, 2015: Rapid Prototyping with Tom Chi, GoogleX 4.20 May 21, 2015: Onboarding and Team Debt with Kate Heddleston 5 Submitting a Speaker Idea Overview Mozilla hosts speakers from tech, non-profit and other related industries to address topics tied to our mission, our strategy and to our nearer-term business objectives. Topic Areas In 2017, we'll seek topics supporting our 2017 Strategy, working with Mozillians to refine these areas into specific topics: Grow Firefox & From Firefox e.g. user-centered design; user acquisition and retention; metrics & data; teamwork & collaboration; communication Grow New Arease.g. internet of things; artificial intelligence and virtual reality Grow Mozilla e.g. our Issues Agenda including Internet Health e.g. security and privacy, access Speaker Criteria We prefer speakers who: Have practical hands-on experience in their area of expertise (vs. just academic or consulting) Have significant experience public speaking and/or teaching, as well as in their domain of expertise Are willing to customize their material to Mozilla’s specific needs Motivate audiences to both learn and act (as distinguished from purely inspirational “TED”-like talks) Encompass diverse and underrepresented backgrounds, perspectives and geographies Are recommended by other Mozillians Do not promote a commercial or personal agenda The speaker(s) share live from a Mozilla office and are publicly streamed to Mozilla's other offices via Air Mozilla and archived for subsequent viewing. We encourage speakers to allot at least 15-20 minutes for Q&A. Typical in-person attendance at each office is 20-30; additionally roughly 100-200 other attendees tune in live remotely. Follow-on views are available to our thousands of community members and the public. Program Objectives The objectives of the Mozilla Speaker Series are to: Expose Mozilla staff to outside ideas, practices and technologies Facilitate learning, skill-building and professional development Testimonials "Adrian's vision of the future and the presentation of the incentives that would cause people to buy these devices was pretty insightful." --May 2017 "The talk was entertaining because of the way that it was presented, where a garden path of wonder, highlighting the myriad of useful things with a very subtle undercurrent of what the implications were." --May 2017 "These events add real value to me as an employee, and as a citizen of the net." --April 2017 "I now have a much better understanding of the controversy surrounding the Snowden leaks and have an idea of what I can do as a private citizen to combat the government's use of mass surveillance." --April 2017 "The topic was compelling and the level of expertise of the speaker made the information received very credible and thus easy to find relevant to my work." --April 2017 "Today's speaker challenged my expectations of the internet and of corporate behavior and stimulated good office discussion." --March 2017 "I dislike most presentations. This was among the best I have ever watched." --March 2017 "SUPER INTERESTING talk!!! Glad I had the opportunity to hear Nir speak!" --March 2017 "Today's panel helped me focus on the core problem, which is NOT technology but rather what technology is enabling -- people being jerks and why the technology makes it seem to be OK." --February 2017 "Diversification of inputs makes design more inclusive and helps avoid problems like being wrongly bucketed in a certain demographic. Interesting modes of UX design include the unintuitive slowing down of user interactions, to prevent hasty life decisions based on a heightened emotional response. This is valuable because it is a well thought out piece of a design process - something that I feel like I can take away!" --February 2017 "Laszlo's points were made with enthusiasm, rigor and data. He didn't shy away from the fact the some of the problems are difficult." --January 2017 "AWESOME TOPIC AND ELEGANT SPEAKER, well done!!" --January 2017 "It's rare for companies to be really good at learning from that failure and being diligent in discussing it. Hearing that part of the talk was really valuable to me. I'll try to make a conscious effort to learn from failure." --November 2016 "The concept of reframing failure so others can learn and de-personalizing the sense of responsibility we feel was helpful." --November 2016 "Before Harlo's talk, I also hadn't thought much about the role of freelance journalists and the complexities of protecting people and data who don't necessarily have the shelter of large news organizations. I think there are some implications for Mozilla community there." --October 2016 "Genevieve showed us how designing data-rich experiences for humans often ignores important nuances and dualities that are present in life." --September 2016 "There are human choices built in to the design of our technology systems, and Genevieve provided some examples of this (e.g. turning off mail servers) that I will use." --September 2016 "The opportunity to reflect on the unchanging constants of human behaviour and contrast them with the technology-driven product decisions we often make was illuminating." --September 2016 "When building the next technologies of services, data sets, etc we need to ask ourselves if it plays into what is meaningful to the human race of family/friends, secrets/lies, community. Or we need to solve the challenges that have plagued us, time/reputation/forgetfulness. This is a great basis for Mozilla to start from when "prototyping the future." --September 2016 "The most important thing I learned from Tina was about framing the question, because I often assume that solving the 'function' is solving the problem, when it is not. Zoom out to fall in love with the problem." --July 2016 "Kevin was my favorite speaker yet! Thank you! It was very apropos to the direction we're going with Firefox being the 'personal browser.'" --May 2016 "Please keep it running as long as possible - it's an excellent forum!" --May 2016 "Kirsten was GREAT. I don't think the lessons folks learned as mid-level managers in explosively growing social companies apply to Mozilla. But I do think Wohlberg's lessons apply to us." --April 2016 "This series is really great. Focus on Product seems to be the theme and is a much necessary one for us now. Thanks for bringing them. It really helps." --March 2016 "April addressed some questions that were particularly apropos to a project I'm working on. It was interesting to see how Slack faced the same problem!" --February 2016 "Jocelyn's talk was brilliant. She presented a very insightful and productive way to reframe the conversation about release management. Just what we needed right now. Great choice!" --January 2016 "The speaker was very good, had thought-provoking ideas, yet delivered those ideas in a tasteful and relaxed way. I am likely to share and recommend my friends to go watch the video recording later." --December 2015 "This speaker was especially relevant and valuable because she provided tangible and actionable information in addition to being thought-provoking." -- October 2015 "Seeing speakers like this are really heartening to see at Mozilla. I think it will drive some really impactful change." -- September 2015 "Bringing in subject matter experts from the outside help us push our sometimes-bubble-like thinking. It's very easy to get caught up in our own 'laws' and constraints but hearing best practices such as Hitten will help us open our eyes a bit more. I'm excited because his presentation was spot on and hopefully expanded our horizons a bit." -- August 2015 "Really learned to think differently about a lot of things and also 'argument' differently when discussing new features or ideas. Always think about the user value, and how what you are working on will hinder or improve the user experience." -- July 2015 "This felt like the most interesting speaker so far, perhaps because it was directly relevant to our day-to-day work. He was also quite a good speaker, which helps. Getting people to talk about areas where we think we could do better or use a different perspective seems like a good general strategy." -- July 2015 "I love getting an outside perspective from an expert in an area. We spend a lot of time talking to ourselves so that outside perspective is awesome." -- May 2015 "The talk was engaging and the Paris employees loved the 'Brantina' idea and felt more a part of the conversation." -- May 2015 Upcoming Speakers Tuesday, 13 June 2017: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising with Tim Wu Location: Mozilla Toronto + Air Mozilla Time: Noon PT / 3pm ET / 7pm UT Topic: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising You don’t need cash to search Google or to use Facebook, but they’re not free. We pay for these services with our attention and with our data.</p> While advertising-supported media was once confined to a small part of our lives like newspapers and radio, our work and lives are increasingly online and ads take the front row in our daily lives. This business model can have a democratizing effect: it makes products and information accessible to many more people, who might otherwise be priced out. But it also means that the main audience for these companies is not you - the person using their services - but rather, advertisers who keep the lights on. History is punctuated by acts of refusal and outright revolt against this model, from the invention of the remote control, to the more recent rise of cord-cutting and ad-blocking software. Yet, whenever the attention merchants have seemed to lose their charm, they’ve always found a way to reinvent themselves and to recapture us. What does this mean for the future of the open Internet? What can we, as Mozillians who ourselves live largely off of advertising revenues today, do? Join us for a conversation with Tim Wu, historian, policy advocate and professor who coined the term “net neutrality," as he traces the history of the dynamics between advertisers, media and audiences, and calls on us to reevaluate what we are getting (or giving up) in exchange for our attention, especially in today’s always-on Internet. Host: Sam Burton Speaker: Tim Wu is an author, policy advocate, and professor at Columbia Law School who coined the term "net neutrality." Wu's best known work is the development of Net Neutrality theory, but he also writes about private power, free speech, copyright, and antitrust. His books The Master Switch and The Attention Merchants have won wide recognition and awards. Wu has worked in academia, federal and state governments. He worked at the White House for the National Economic Council; at the Federal Trade Commission, for the New York Attorney General’ as a fellow at Google, and for Riverstone Networks in the telecommunications industry. He was a law clerk for Judge Richard Posner and Justice Stephen Breyer. He graduated from McGill University (B.Sc.), and Harvard Law School. Wu is a contributing opinion writer for the New York Times, and was formerly a contributing writer at NewYorker.com and contributing editor at the New Republic. He has been named to the Politico 50 twice, to America’s 100 most influential lawyers, and also won awards from Scientific American magazine, National Law Journal, 02138 Magazine. He has twice won the Lowell Thomas Award for travel writing and in 2017 he was named to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Questions: During the event join us live on (1) IRC #AirMozilla and (2) Slack #speaker-series - be sure to direct questions to @samb Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Thursday, 20 July 2017: Are you an introvert? Working Across Personality Types with Jennifer Selby-Long Location: Mozilla San Francisco + Air Mozilla Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 5pm UT Topic: Engineers are introverted. Agile = meetings all the time. Works well for extroverts. Over the past year a few hundred staff at Mozilla have used the Insights Discovery tool to better learn about their individual personality temperaments, and to be more effective on their teams. But can these tests really help us? What’s the real science behind them? Can they be abused? Or are there ways they can help us work together better? On July 20, Jennifer Selby Long, an expert in the ethical use of the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator® (MBTI®), will lead us in a very interactive session on this material. She’ll help us explore these frameworks and the science behind them, with a focus specifically on their Introversion / Extraversion dimensions and workplace collaboration. Importantly, we’ll make it personal, rolling up our sleeves with some exercises to help us explore how our (and our team’s) MBTI preferences can help us work together better, regardless of job description, culture, or demographics. Hosts: Matt Frassica & Tyler Haugen Speaker: Jennifer Selby-Long Jennifer Selby Long is an executive coach, management consultant, and MBTI® expert who helps technology leaders navigate the challenges of seismic change to achieve their highest potential. She also advises on the impact of personality and gender on financial behavior. Jennifer is the past president of the Association for Psychological Type. She has been quoted by business and technology writers in the Fast Company, Information World, Dice.com, Univision, and the Bulletin of Psychological Type. She is an award-winning business writer and the author of Traveling Light, a blog helping leaders skyrocket their impact and lighten the load in their lives. Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Previous Speakers Wednesday, 10 May 2017: When Surveillance Goes Private: A 2027 Retrospective from Adrian Hon Location: Mozilla London + Air Mozilla Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 5pm UT Transcript Topic: It’s 2027. In the UK, 8 out of 10 homes host a range of microphones, cameras and motion detectors. They help users secure their homes, find lost items, assist with cleaning, keep an eye out for accidents and falls, and a hundred other everyday tasks. They're integrated so seamlessly into daily life that they're considered indispensable – and they're cheap. Of course, consumption habits ranging from entertainment, clothing and food are not only known, but anticipated by intelligent systems. These habits are also owned, captured, analyzed and used by the corporations that run them. Interestingly, just a few decades ago in the 1990s, the UK’s introduction of Closed Circuit TV (CCTV) met with significant public outcry over concerns of privacy abuses. Yet now, less than half a century later, we’ve not only abandoned such talks: we’ve opted in to 24/7 surveillance of our homes. In our May 10 “future retrospective,” we’ll look at how we - in 2027 - became so collectively compliant to others owning data about our personal habits and lives. What factors led to us to give so much of our lives to corporations, with so little transparency or accountability? Why were we more open to private surveillance than public surveillance? And when we return to 2017, what can we learn from this evolution to map a different future? Host: Sarah Allen Speaker: Adrian Hon Adrian Hon is CEO and founder at Six to Start, co-creators of the most successful smartphone fitness game in the world, Zombies, Run!. The game has won awards for its stories and storylike games, and the team’s work has been displayed at the MOMA and Design Museum in London. He’s the author of A History of the Future in 100 Objects, and he used to write about technology for The Telegraph. Previously, Adrian was Executive Producer and Director of Play at Mind Candy from 2004 to 2007, where he designed and produced the Perplex City alternate reality game (ARG). Adrian’s interest in ARGs began with the genre itself in 2001, when as a moderator for the Cloudmakers community for ‘The Beast’ (an ARG for Steven Spielberg’s A.I.), he wrote a detailed walkthrough for the game, called ‘The Guide.' During that time, Adrian studied Natural Sciences at Cambridge, specialising in experimental psychology and neuroscience. In 2003, he began a neuroscience DPhil at Oxford, but left after a year to join Mind Candy. Adrian has also spoken at the main TED conference in Monterey in 2001 (about the human colonisation of Mars), as well as various SXSW, GDC, Economist, and other such tech and gaming conferences. Supplemental resources: The Transparent Society https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/amazon-echo-look-bedroom-camera http://www.businessinsider.com/amazon-echo-alexa-add-11-billion-in-revenue-by-2020-2016-9 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/amazon-could-refund-more-than-70-million-worth-of-kids-in-app-purchases_us_58e654a6e4b0fe4ce088f31d Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Wednesday, April 26, 2017: American Spies: Jennifer Granick on U.S. Surveillance and its Global Implications Location: Mozilla San Francisco + Air Mozilla Transcript Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 6pm UT Topic: American Spies: U.S. Surveillance and its Global Implications Intelligence agencies in the U.S. (aka the American Spies) are exceedingly aggressive, pushing and sometimes bursting through the technological, legal and political boundaries of lawful surveillance. Because surveillance law has fallen behind surveillance technology, the U.S. government has unprecedented new powers. At our April Speaker Series, Jennifer Granick will address how Cold War programs led by J. Edgar Hoover and initiatives sparked by the September 11, 2001 tragedy have led us to today’s fusion centers and mosque infiltrators. She will also show how our current state of mass surveillance is fundamentally incompatible with a healthy democracy. A teacher, practitioner and expert in surveillance and security law, Granick will share how the reality of modern surveillance in the U.S. differs from popular understanding, and what U.S. - and global - citizens can do to minimize its negative impact both for Americans and non-Americans around the world. Host: Chris Riley Speaker: Jennifer Granick Jennifer Stisa Granick is the Director of Civil Liberties at the Stanford Center for Internet and Society (CIS) and author of American Spies: Modern Surveillance, Why You Should Care, and What To Do About It (2017). From 2001 to 2007, Granick was Executive Director of CIS and taught Cyberlaw, Computer Crime Law, Internet intermediary liability, and Internet law and policy. From 2007 to 2010 she served as the Civil Liberties Director at the Electronic Frontier Foundation. Granick practices, speaks, and writes about computer crime and security, electronic surveillance, security vulnerability disclosure, encryption policy, and the Fourth Amendment. In March of 2016, she received Duo Security’s Women in Security Academic Award for her expertise in the field as well as her direction and guidance for young women in the security industry. Before teaching at Stanford, Granick spent almost a decade practicing criminal defense law in California. Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Advance reading: Excerpt in Wired from American Spies: Mass Spying Isn’t Just Intrusive—It’s Ineffective Guest post in Just Security: Reforming Surveillance In the Age of Donald Trump Video (1h21m) of American Spies book panel, "Modern Surveillance Under the Trump Administration" with Jennifer and United States Senator from Oregon, Ron Wyden Wednesday, March 15, 2017: Building Habit-Forming Products with Nir Eyal Location: Mozilla San Francisco + Air Mozilla Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 5pm UT Topic: Building Habit-Forming Products Hundreds of millions of people use Firefox every day. But they don’t have to. They can - very easily - switch to another browser. But we know Firefox rocks and we want them to use it. Enter habits. Those human behaviors that become regular, ongoing actions that don’t require thought or intention. Or, per Merriam-Webster, “an acquired mode of behavior that has become nearly or completely involuntary.” Creating software that is habit-forming entails tapping into key human psychological drivers such as rewards, social validation and personal fulfillment. These drivers are at the foundation of developing experiences that drive product growth. Perhaps the biggest benefit is to software makers is significantly lower costs to acquire and maintain active users. But what about the user? Is it manipulative to create habits for people so they can use your products without giving it a conscious thought? To “get in their heads” to ensure they use our software? Do we want people to use our products involuntarily? Nir Eyal has built and invested in products reaching hundreds of millions of users including AdNectar, Product Hunt and EventBrite. He’ll draw on core psychological tenets to show how we can create products for users that are habit-forming. And he’ll show us how we can do this in a way that we feel good about - to “build the change we see.” Speaker: Nir Eyal For most of his career Nir worked in the video gaming and advertising industries where he learned, applied (and at times rejected) the techniques used to motivate and manipulate users. He writes to help companies create behaviors that benefit their users, while educating people on how to build healthful habits in their own lives. As an active angel investor Nir makes it personal, investing his own funds in habit-forming products he believes improves lives. His past investments include Eventbrite, Product Hunt, Refresh.io (acquired by LinkedIn), Worklife (acquired by Cisco), Marco Polo, Presence Learning, 7 Cups, Pana, and Symphony Commerce. Nir is the author of Hooked: How to Build Habit-Forming Products and has taught at the Stanford Graduate School of Business and Design School. He’s sold two technology companies since 2003 and now helps teams design more engaging products. Nir talks of his advanced degree from the The School of Hard Knocks, but also received an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Host: Chris More Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Wednesday, February 22, 2017: Inclusive Design: The Intersection of Product and Behavior (Panel Discussion) Location: Mozilla San Francisco + Air Mozilla Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 6pm UT Topic: Inclusive Design: The Intersection of Product and Behavior (Panel Discussion) The Internet is a global public resource that must remain open and accessible. Its effectiveness as a public resource depends upon decentralized participation worldwide. — Excerpt, Mozilla Manifesto Mozilla cares not only about a functioning web, but a healthy one; a web where all people can both access and participate, resulting in an Internet that reflects the broad the diversity of its users. But the Internet isn’t always like this. Sometimes it's a place where groups of people are excluded. When Airbnb hosts deny service to guests based on their race, the web is no longer accessible. When neighbors make destructive assumptions based on race on local community site Nextdoor, or Twitter conversations devolve into trolling, the web is no longer a place of constructive participation. These companies want to make the web better too. Approaches include hashtag viewing controls on Twitter & filters for abusive comments on Instagram; Airbnb’s Instant Book that prevents harmful stereotyping; and Nextdoor’s reporting system designed to create more thoughtfulness around neighborhood conversations. Mozilla builds products and platforms directly for developers, communities and publishers worldwide. How can we create and sustain experiences that are open, accessible and participatory? And what measures of success can we advocate to support positive experiences for users, communities and publishers? At our Speaker Series panel, we’ll address these questions with product leaders representing consumer, developer, business and gaming audiences as part of a conversation around "ethical design” with community, product and engineering professionals charting new territory in this area. Panelists: Angel Steger (Product Design Lead, Pinterest) is an entrepreneur and product designer developing award-winning products that empower people to get things done. Passionate about complex problems and human behavior, she’s worked in spaces as varied as genetic research, relationship management, and language learning. She currently leads the User State Machine team at Pinterest. On the side, you’ll find her practicing yoga, exploring food in SF, and gardening. Randi Lee Harper (Founder, Online Abuse Prevention Initiative). Randi is founded the Online Abuse Prevention Initiative to fight harassment with technical solutions. This includes the Good Game Auto Blocker tool, built after a long career in tech (KIXEYE, Amazon, IronPort Systems). While Randi believes long term solutions involves cultural changes, but until that happens we can work develop shorter-term solutions to help targets of harassment. Current interests include tracking the way that certain communities interact, and helping define predictive behavior for outbreaks of online abuse. Moderator & Host: Andrew Losowsky, Lead, Mozilla Coral Project. Andrew has turned a street into a museum, a volcano into a magazine, and academic research into a life-sized board game. A John S. Knight Fellow at Stanford University in 2013, he now runs Mozilla’s Coral Project, which helps news organizations build better communities around their work. Because journalism needs everyone. Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #InclusiveDesign + #MozillaSpeakers Wednesday, January 18, 2017: Data and People: A Discussion with Laszlo Bock, Sr Advisor and former SVP of People Operations, Google Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, January 18 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: Data and People: A Discussion with Google’s former SVP of People Operations Laszlo Bock When Google’s head of People came out with the bestselling book Work Rules! last year, he debunked many myths. Adopting an experiments-based approach with their people, his team was able to gather data challenging commonly accepted assumptions about hiring, compensation, performance evaluations, training and more. For example, in 2010 Google's research showed that junior, female software engineers were not getting promoted at the same rate as their male counterparts. Digging deeper, the team discovered differing self-nomination rates. Men, who in many cultures are typically more comfortable self-promoting, were nominating themselves at higher rates than their equally qualified but, on average, less self-promoting female peers. To address this, a senior leader shared the data with Googlers and encouraged all engineers to self-nominate when ready, and told managers to keep their eyes open for promo-ready Googlers. Eventually, promotion rates equaled out. Of course, Google isn’t Mozilla. For one thing, Google has over 60,000 staff in over 70 offices in 40 countries around the world. But the work and findings from Google - whose staff typically provide statistically-significant and rich data sets - can be useful references as we strive to create a Mozilla that is diverse, innovative and, at our core, puts people first. On January 18, Mozilla's Larissa Shapiro will interview Laszlo. She’ll dig deeper into the approaches and learnings Google has taken with people and data, and help us uncover how these types of approaches apply to the science and art of people management at mozilla. Speaker: From 2006 to 2016, Laszlo Bock served as SVP of People Operations, leading Google's people function responsible for attracting, developing, retaining, and delighting "Googlers.” He believes that giving people freedom and supplementing our instincts with hard science are steps on the path to making work meaningful and people happy. During Bock's tenure, Google was named the Best Company to Work more than 30 times around the world and received over 100 awards as an employer of choice. In 2010, Laszlo was named "Human Resources Executive of the Year" by HR Executive Magazine. He is the author of "WORK RULES! Insights from Inside Google to Transform How You Live and Lead," which has been named one of the top 15 business books of 2015. He has testified before Congress on immigration reform and labor issues and been featured in The Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, the PBS Newshour and on the Today Show. Bock's earlier experience spans executive roles at the General Electric Company, management consulting at McKinsey & Company, start-ups, non-profits, and acting. He (briefly) held the world record for Greek Syrtaki dance (along with 1,620 others). * Note: Laszlo dedicates all proceeds of his book to charities relating to education and veterans, the former mainly focused on giving disadvantaged kids better access e.g. Peninsula Bridge. Host: Larissa Shapiro Questions: In advance submit questions here During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #mozSS Transcript November 16: Failure: The Hard Part about Innovation, with Ashley Good, Fail Forward Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, November 16 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Failure: The Hard Part about Innovation When you start a new job or project, you envision exciting things you and your team will accomplish together. When you do your planning, you state what you'll achieve and measure those achievements. And when you are rewarded, it's typically for a job "well done.” Why even set goals, objectives or KPIs if you aren’t planning on succeeding? Because the best, most innovative organizations do more than set and achieve goals. They also fail. Failure is actually a by-product of innovation. It's the "risk" element of the "risk - reward” equation. Cue the emergence of global failure events and meet ups. As humans conditioned to win and succeed since birth, navigating how to “fail well" is hardly intuitive. What constitutes a "good failure"? And at what point do you decide you’ve failed, rather than persevere? Or change your direction e.g. the notorious ‘pivot’? In a world where success is rewarded and everyone is in the game to “win,” what does it mean to “fail well”? At our November speaker series, we will explore how Mozilla can be a place where failure is not minimized, denied, or shunned, but instead treated as a valuable source of learning and insight to set us up for future successes. Specifically, Ashley Good of Fail Forward will get us started with very practical insights into how we can: Craft a language of failure Communicate failure for learning Develop the gift of feedback Speaker: Working in Cairo with the United Nations Environment Programme and as a management consultant in Vancouver, Ashley Good saw how fear of failure inhibits innovation, adaptation, and performance. In response, she launched Fail Forward to spark a shift in how we perceive and talk about failure, and to help organizations learn, innovate and build resilience. Since 2010 Ashley has worked with organizations – from grantmakers and nonprofits to government and private sector companies – to use failure as a learning tool and culture driver to support and foster innovation. She is well known for building the Organizational Learning Team at Engineers Without Borders Canada, and she continues to lead their annual Failure Report. Ashley is a contributor to the Globe and Mail Leadership Lab, Public Sector Digest, and World Economic Forum Agenda. Her work has received coverage in a wide range of media and news outlets, including National Post, The Globe and Mail, CBC Radio and Television, The New York Times, and Fast Company. She is recognized by Harvard Business Review and McKinsey as the recipient of the Innovating Innovation Award, hosted Canada’s first ever conference dedicated to intelligent failure, and is a half-ironman triathlete. She earned her Bachelor of Science from the University of British Columbia with honours. Mozilla Host: George Roter Deck Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS October 12: Metadata is the new data... and why that (really) matters, with Harlo Holmes, Freedom of the Press Foundation Location: Mozilla Toronto + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, October 12 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Metadata is the new data ... and why that (really) matters Maybe it’s when the person you had a bad date with on Tinder shows up in your “people you may know” feed in Facebook. Or when you accept the default settings on your Android phone and share all of your transit habits with Google. Those moments might lead you to suspect considerable information about you and your behavior (aka “metadata”) is being harvested, shared and saved. But you had no reason to predict that. Nobody told you what was being gathered, or who it was being shared with. Or maybe they did, in a long, detailed unread terms of service. Today’s proliferation of mobile devices and platforms such as Google and Facebook has exacerbated this extensive, prolific sharing about users and their behaviors in ways most do not understand. Announcements about Facebook encrypting Messenger and WhatsApp appear to be encouraging ways of protecting your data... but they belie a different story of splintered approaches to metadata collection and silos among major platform providers. Similar disparities exist among how browsers treat metadata. So while the actual content of our messages may be encrypted, dangerous legal, financial, political and even medical implications to metadata remain. The impact of information about what you do (and when you do it) has yet to be explored or defined, let alone systematized. Fortunately mozilla is in a position to advocate for practices and policies that serve users first. We’ll hear specifically how from Harlo Holmes, Director of Newsroom Digital Security for the Freedom of the Press Foundation. Speaker: Harlo is the Director of Newsroom Digital Security at the Freedom of the Press Foundation. She strives to help individual journalists in various media organizations become confident and effective in securing their communications within their newsrooms, with their sources, and with the public at large. She is a media scholar, software programmer, and activist; and contributes to the open source mobile security collective The Guardian Project. She has helped journalists use tools to preserve their privacy and do their jobs better; is a member of Deep Lab, a collaborative group of cyberfeminist researchers, artists, writers, engineers, and more addressing issues such as privacy, surveillance, code and art; and was a Mozilla Knight Open News Fellow in 2014. Mozillian Host: Aurelia Moser Presentation deck Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS September 1: Being Human in a Data-Filled World with Genevieve Bell, Intel Location: Mozilla Portland + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, September 1 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Being Human in a Data-Filled World In May, Kevin Kelly shared the possibilities that technology will offer us over the next 30 years. Not addressed were some of the unintended consequences of this progress. Facebook Live, Snapchat and Pokemon Go provide a few examples of how tech is outpacing our ability to socially (and legally) master it. Innovation unchecked can pose serious challenges to our very humanity. Best practices for user research and focusing on specific use cases have limited impact on our ability to shape the future we want. Dr. Genevieve Bell is responsible for corporate sensing and insights at Intel. She leads a cross-discipline foresights community that delivers insights into significant societal, technical and global trends. At Mozilla she’ll deliver what she terms “more of a meditation and conversation than a talk” on what it means to proactively preserve our humanity in a world that is increasingly digital. This sounds high level but it's also practical: we’ll learn about five things that don’t change and five things that do, and how paying close attention to them will help us be successful. Speaker: An accomplished anthropologist and researcher, Genevieve Bell joined Intel in 1998. During that time, she has helped drive Intel’s focus on user experiences and led various teams of social scientists and designers. She has been granted a number of patents for consumer electronics innovations throughout her career, with additional patents in the user experience space. She is the author of numerous journal papers and articles. She was named an Intel Fellow in 2008, a vice president in 2013 and a Senior Fellow in 2016. In addition to her position at Intel, Bell is a highly regarded industry expert and frequent commentator on the intersection of culture and technology. She has been featured in publications such as Wired, Forbes, The Atlantic, Fast Company, the Wall Street Journal and The New York Times. She is also a sought-after public speaker and panelist at technology conferences worldwide for the insights she has gained from extensive international field work and research. Mozillian Host: Dietrich Ayala Deck Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS July 20, 2016: The Invention Cycle with Tina Seelig, Stanford University Location: Mozilla MV + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, July 20 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: The Invention Cycle: Going From Inspiration to Implementation Are you stuck on where to go with your product and need an infusion of creativity? Do you struggle with brainstorming new ideas? Coming up with new solutions? Bringing fresh ideas to life and ultimately to market is not a well charted course. In July, our guest Tina Seelig will share a new model, the Invention Cycle, that taps into our innate capabilities of imagination and creativity to help us innovate better. Tina’s framework captures the attitudes and actions necessary to foster innovation and to bring breakthrough ideas to the world. We’ll learn: - Crisp definitions for imagination, creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurship - Clear roadmap for progressing from the seed of an idea through implementation - Concrete attitudes and actions needed to bring ideas to fruition We’ll also be joined by a group of mozillians(1) who recently spent a half day working with Tina; they'll share how these learnings have translated directly into their roles at mozilla. (1) David Bialer, David Bryant, Greg Jost, Jean Gong, Jet Villegas, Martin Best, Rosana Ardila, Tim Murray, Jen Bertsch and Rina Jensen Speaker: Tina Seelig is passionate about creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurship. As Professor of the Practice in the department of Management Science and Engineering, faculty director of the Stanford Technology Ventures Program, and a founding member of the Hasso Plattner Institute of Design (d.school) at Stanford's School of Engineering, she works with others who embrace the idea that entrepreneurs do much more than imaginable with much less than seems possible. After earning her Ph.D. from Stanford University Medical School in Neuroscience, Tina has worked as a management consultant, multimedia producer, and was the founder of a multimedia company. She’s also written 17 books and educational games, including The Epicurean Laboratory and Incredible Edible Science, published by Scientific American; and a series of card games, called Games for Your Brain, published by Chronicle Books. Her newest books, published by HarperCollins are What I Wish I Knew When I Was 20 (2009), inGenius: A Crash Course on Creativity (2012), and Insight Out (2015). She’s been honored to receive significant recognition of her work, including the Gordon Prize from the National Academy of Engineering, the National Olympus Innovation Award, the SVForum Visionary Award, and several university teaching awards. Host: Rina Jensen Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS Deck materials also in this post May 26, 2016: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years with Kevin Kelly, Wired Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, May 26 @ Mozilla SF - 10:30am PT / 1:30pm ET / 6:30pm UTC Topic: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years Much of what will happen in the next thirty years is inevitable, driven by technological trends already in motion. Wired founder Kevin Kelly has an optimistic roadmap for the future, showing how the coming changes in our lives—from virtual reality in the home to an on-demand economy to artificial intelligence embedded in everything we manufacture—can be understood as the result of a few long-term, accelerating forces. These deep trends—flowing, screening, accessing, sharing, filtering, remixing, tracking, and questioning—overlap and are codependent on one another. And they will completely revolutionize the way we buy, work, learn, and communicate. By understanding and embracing them, it will be easier for us to remain on top of the coming wave of changes and to arrange our day-to-day relationships with technology in ways that bring forth maximum benefits. Join us as mozilla's John Jensen interviews Kevin on these trends: what exactly are they, how are they playing out in our world, and what can we do as technologists ourselves to ensure they contribute to the future we want. Speaker: Kevin Kelly is Senior Maverick at Wired magazine. He co-founded Wired in 1993, and served as its Executive Editor for its first seven years. His new book for Viking/Penguin The Inevitable will be released in early June 2016. He is also founding editor and co-publisher of the popular Cool Tools website, which has been reviewing tools daily since 2003. From 1984-1990 Kelly was publisher and editor of the Whole Earth Review, a journal of unorthodox technical news. He co-founded the ongoing Hackers’ Conference, and was involved with the launch of the WELL, a pioneering online service started in 1985. His books include the best-selling New Rules for the New Economy; the classic book on decentralized emergent systems, Out of Control; a graphic novel about robots and angels, The Silver Cord; an oversize catalog of the best of Cool Tools; and his summary theory of technology in What Technology Wants (2010). Host Interviewer: John Jensen Questions: Submit questions for Kevin & John during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS #theinevitable April 27, 2016: When Change is the Only Constant, with Kirsten Wolberg, PayPal Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, April 27 @ Mozilla SF - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: When Change is the Only Constant, Org Structure Doesn’t Matter While it may be true in tech that “change is the only constant,” some changes are bigger than others. Things like…deciding to develop an OS as well as a browser. And an app. Focusing on devices beyond phones. Changing our approach to advertising and content. Instilling an entire culture of experimentation and measurement across functions. These types of shifts can impact job roles, titles, tools - in short, they impact all the stuff of our daily work. Whether an organization is decentralized or command & control, these kinds of changes are never simple nor straightforward. There’s no silver bullets. And yet, when done thoughtfully and holistically, significant change management can make the difference between life and death of a product, an organization and its community. As a leader of major change efforts at PayPal, Salesforce and Charles Schwab, Kirsten Wolberg has moved a global organization to agile development and helped change the overall ownership of her organization. She'll draw off these experiences and share we might manage the changes happening at Mozilla. Speaker: Kirsten Wolberg currently serves as Vice President, Talent at PayPal, leading the talent acquisition, performance and learning teams. She also holds the role as Separation Executive for PayPal leading the PayPal separation program as part of the eBay/PayPal tax-free split. Kirsten was selected to lead the newly created Talent organization for PayPal to bring her deep background in technology, operations and transformational change leadership to the talent function. She is leading the innovation to reimagine Talent for the newly independent PayPal. Prior to her current roles she led the chief operating functions for PayPal Technology including technology strategy, planning, M&A, quality, transformation, employee engagement and the PayPal Open Source Office. Previously, she was Chief Information Officer (CIO) at salesforce.com and divisional CIO for Corporate Technology at Charles Schwab. Kirsten is on the Board of Silicon Graphics International. She is also Trustees for. Additionally she is a Board Member of the Greater Bay Area chapter of the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, Year Up Bay Area, and Jewish Vocational Services. Kirsten holds a BS degree in Finance from USC and an MBA from J.L. Kellogg School of Management. Host: David Slater Questions: Submit questions for Kirsten during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS March 24, 2016: The Role of a Product Manager with Josh Elman, Greylock Partners Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, March 24 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: The Role of a Product Manager - and Everyone Else "The job of a product manager is to help your team (and company) ship the right product to your users.” Seems simple - but anyone who has worked on a product knows it’s not. At what point are you ready to ship? What is the right product? How do you know when you’ve built it? And often more complicated than it sounds: who are your users? The best PMs are less product thought leaders and visionaries (though they certainly may be), but moreso shepherds of stakeholders and builders of processes to sort through these critical challenges. While they typically don’t produce tangible artifacts such as code or mockups, the ultimate success of the team and product can hinge on the effectiveness of the product manager. In short, product management done well helps make companies and products much better. But when done badly, it can significantly hurt a company and team. Speaker: As an investment partner at Greylock, Josh Elman invests in entrepreneurs building social networks and platforms, mobile apps, new media, and connected devices. Josh specializes in designing, building, and scaling consumer products, having been part of multiple companies that have grown to more than 100 million users. Before joining Greylock, Josh spent 15 years in product and engineering roles at leading companies in social, commerce, and media. Josh was the product lead for growth and relevance at Twitter, growing Twitter’s active user base by nearly 10x. Prior to Twitter, Josh worked on the platform at Facebook and led the launch of Facebook Connect. Josh was an early employee at LinkedIn and helped establish early models for user growth and launched v1 of LinkedIn Jobs. Josh also held roles leading product management for Zazzle, and product and engineering for RealJukebox and RealPlayer at RealNetworks. Josh currently serves on the boards of Medium, Meerkat, Operator, and Super. Josh also works closely with our investments in Nextdoor and Whosay. Josh led Greylock’s investment in SmartThings, which was acquired by Samsung in 2014. Josh holds a BS in Symbolic Systems with a focus on Human Computer Interaction from Stanford University. Deck Host: Justin Crawford Questions: Submit questions for Josh during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #brantina, #mozSS February 25, 2016: Building Product with Partners - Interview with April Underwood, Slack Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, February 25 @ Mozilla SF - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: Building Products with Partners: Interview with Slack's April Underwood Building products is complex. Building products with partners, considerably moreso. Varying resources, goals, strategies and cultures pose challenges. But partnering well on products is often worth the effort. This month April Underwood, head of all product & partnerships at Slack, will draw from her experiences at Google, Twitter, Travelocity and more to help us navigate the complexities of marrying products and partnerships. She'll be interviewed by our very own Bertrand Neveux, who has built products with partners for most of his career at and leading up to Mozilla. Speaker: April Underwood is head of Platform at Slack, a messaging platform that has evolved into a diverse ecosystem of partners. There, she drives key growth initiatives and oversees platform products, partnerships, API integrations and developer relations. She previously worked on products for Travelocity, Apple, Google, Climate Corp (Weatherbill). Just before joining Slack, April led teams of Product Managers as Director of Product on Twitter’s fast-growing Advertising (Ads API, ads.twitter.com) and Data (Firehose, Gnip) products. She was also a PM for the Tweet Button and Twitter API, and built Twitter's Business Development team from the ground up to strike strategic partnerships with firms including Google, Microsoft, Amazon, EA, Salesforce and Adobe. And while she used to write code (and sometimes writes term sheets as an angel investor), her first love is building and leading product teams and working with engineers and designers to build and launch great products that people want to use. Host: Bertrand Neveux Questions: Submit questions for April during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtags: #mozSS #brantina January 27, 2016: The Right Way to Build Software with Jocelyn Goldfein, ex-Facebook Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, January 27 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: The Right Way to Build Software: Ideals Over Ideology Add-ons. Advertising. Dogfooding. Email clients. Mozillians form strong opinions on all sides of these (and other) topics, often for legitimate reasons. We’re not alone. Leading software firms such as VMWare and Facebook also grapple with contentious technology and process issues, and Jocelyn Goldfein has firsthand experience of this. She's led engineering teams building software for both consumers and the enterprise; apps and the web; and for license fees and for free. These teams are like us: they debate how to best release software - and a host of other issues. Drawing from these experiences, Jocelyn will provide frameworks for how Mozilla can navigate these discussions effectively to drive better outcomes. Speaker: Jocelyn Goldfein has held senior engineering leadership roles spanning from high-growth companies like VMware and Facebook to small startups. She is a widely recognized industry spokesperson on scaling engineering operations, mobile engineering, and diversity in tech. Goldfein currently is an independent angel investor and advisor to startups. As Director of Engineering at Facebook she led Facebook’s push on mobile infrastructure and quality, initiating major new investments in architecture and tooling and helped guide Facebook’s transition to “mobile first.” She launched new product initiatives in search, news feed, and photos. She also drove strategic engineering operational initiatives, including overhauling Facebook’s approach to technical recruiting. More on Jocelyn at her website. Deck Host: Nick Nguyen Questions: Submit questions for Jocelyn during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #brantina December 3, 2015: Optimizing for Uncertainty with Mike Arauz, August Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, December 3 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Optimizing for Uncertainty: Deciding and Moving Quickly The web is increasingly complex and dynamic. How can larger software organizations keep up with this rapid, perpetual change? In the natural realm, 'complex adaptive systems’ allow for flux and change in tumultuous environments. Our December speaker will draw on these models to illustrate how modern organizations can decide and move quickly. Mike will share how leading tech and product organizations are not simply adapting to increased change, but innovating and thriving in these dynamic environments by: operating around networks vs hierarchies distributing authority processing information effectively embracing structured and facilitated methods for collecting feedback and gaining consent on group action. Speaker: Mike Arauz is a Founding Member and Acting President at August, a New York based consulting firm that builds high-performing teams for the world’s most meaningful missions. Previously, Mike was a Partner at Undercurrent, where he worked with leaders of global companies to transform how their organizations work and thrive in the 21st century, including GE, Pearson, and The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Mike is also a co-author of the Responsive.org manifesto and a leading contributor to the global self-management and future of work movement. Deck Host: Jim Cook, CFO, Mozilla Recommended pre-watch: Mitchell’s 2nd Portland Keynote on Decisionmaking October 22, 2015: Data as Empathy with Frances Haugen, Yelp Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, October 22 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Data As Empathy To build products people love, you must understand those people. User research and user-centered design help get us there, but once we have a sense of how our audiences think and behave, how can we go beyond the anecdotal to extrapolate to the macro? What ways can we better understand the needs of millions of users who think, act and operate differently than us? Our October speaker Frances Haugen will share from her product management and software engineering experiences with products used by millions of Google and Yelp customers. She'll help us understand how data - done 'right' - connects us to millions of users we don't know personally. And she'll outline what doing data right means for product development, and how product owners can build things their users love. Speaker: As both a Senior Product Manager, Software Engineer and Data Scientist for companies including Yelp and Google, Frances has worked at the intersection of data, design and humans throughout her career. An Electrical and Computer Engineering undergrad, Frances says she sees the world as comprised of hi and low cast filters. Host: Matt Grimes, User Advocacy Deck Questions: Submit questions for Frances during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. September 24, 2015: Should I Put it on Yammer? The Neuroscience of Online Communications with Deanna Zandt Location: Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, September 24 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: “Should I put it on Yammer?” How do you respond when people at Mozilla ask you this? Do you sigh, roll your eyes, let out a small resigned laugh? Most of us know that many seemingly-benign posts (this one now the stuff of legends) can sometimes devolve into a debate nobody expected, necessarily wanted or knows what to do with. Not always, but enough to cause some communications platforms to be feared by some and occasionally counterproductive. This outcome, of course, is not confined to Yammer, nor is the behavior confined to Mozilla. Our September Brantina speaker, Deanna Zandt, has generously volunteered to speak with us about the neuroscientific dynamics of online communications. She’ll provide a deeper understanding of how our brains work when we’re engaged in online discussions which can help us communicate better, make better decisions, be more productive, and ultimately engage with more people driving richer, more dynamic outcomes. Speaker: Deanna Zandt creates and implements web strategies supporting civic engagement and cultural agency, drawing off her background in linguistics, advertising, telecommunications and finance. She’s worked with The Ford Foundation, Deutsche Telekom, Planned Parenthood, and Jim Hightower’s Hightower Lowdown; and has also advised the White House on digital strategy and public engagement. Deanna has been a regular contributor to Forbes.com, as well as NPR’s flagship news program, “All Things Considered” and is a frequent guest on MSNBC, CNN International, BBC Radio and Fox News. Host: Doug Turner Deck Questions: Submit questions for Deanna during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. August 13, 2015: Build, Measure, Learn: Being a Growth Organization with Hiten Shah, KISSMetrics Location: San Francisco + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, August 13 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Hiten Shah will share his ideas and experience with growth hacking, a scrappy marketing technique developed by technology startups, and how it specifically applies to Mozilla. Larger companies that embrace this approach (examples include Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Airbnb and Dropbox) use creativity, analytical thinking, and social metrics to gain product exposure and grow their market share quickly. Speaker: Hiten Shah is cofounder and president of analytics companies KISSmetrics and Crazy Egg; he also advises startups. Host: Jascha Kaykas-Wolff Deck Questions: Submit your questions for Hiten in advance here, or during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. July 23, 2015: Rapid Prototyping with Tom Chi, GoogleX Location: San Francisco + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, July 23 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Speaker: Tom Chi has worked in disciplines ranging from astrophysical research to Fortune 500 consulting to developing new hardware and software (web & client) products and services. He’s worked on large projects of global scale (Microsoft Outlook, Yahoo! Search), and scaled new projects from conception to significance (Yahoo! Answers from 0 to 90 million users). He also co-founded GoogleX, the semi-secret group responsible for cutting edge projects including the autonomous driving vehicles, contact lenses that monitor glucose through tears and balloons in the stratosphere that provide Internet access. Topic: Tom will talk about his approach to rapid prototyping using 'native' materials like paper and foam core to create and test experiences. Using this method, he has led teams to work more effectively and quickly, building state of the art (see above for examples) products as part of an ongoing innovation process. Host: Josh Carpenter Deck Workshop adapted from Tom's talk, from Mozilla Learning Network Questions: Submit your questions for Tom in advance here. May 21, 2015: Onboarding and Team Debt with Kate Heddleston Location: Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, May 21 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Speaker: Kate Heddleston, a software engineer in San Francisco, does a lot of speaking on the people-dimensions of software development and engineering management best practices. Her focus is on how software gets made, as well as on what it does. Topic: Kate shares her thoughts on the topic of onboarding new hires - what it takes to do that well, particularly in an engineering environment - and the 'team debt' that results when we do it poorly. Kate also shared some of the fairly immediate things individual teams can do to reduce the debt. Deck. Questions submitted to Kate in advance are here. Submitting a Speaker Idea We will give special consideration to speaker ideas submitted by Mozillians! Criteria for speakers is outlined above. Tell us how and why your speaker will appeal to a broad set of Mozillians here or even better, just send Diane a note. Retrieved from "https://wiki.mozilla.org/index.php?title=Speaker_Series&oldid=1172188" Navigation menu Personal tools Log in Request account Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Product releases New pages Recent changes Recent uploads Popular pages Random page Help How to Contribute All-hands meeting Other meetings Contribute to Mozilla Mozilla Reps Student Ambassadors MozillaWiki News About Team Policies Releases @MozillaWiki Report a wiki bug Around Mozilla Mozilla Support Mozilla Developer Network Planet Mozilla Mozilla Blog Webmaker Research Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Import an Etherpad Browse properties Privacy policy About MozillaWiki Mobile view
Photos Videos Topics Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Technology News Android creator unveils new phone, home assistant device Shares0 Tue, 30 May 2017-11:34pm , Reuters The price pits it against high-end smartphones including Apple Inc's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy S8. Andy Rubin, the co-creator of the Android mobile phone operating system, has launched a new company called Essential Products to sell a high-end smartphone and a home assistant device. Palo Alto-based Essential said the new Essential Phone features an edge-to-edge screen, a titanium-and-ceramic case and dual cameras. The phone sells for $699 and will run the Android operating system. The price pits it against high-end smartphones including Apple Inc's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy S8. Essential also launched a household assistant called Home that looks like an angled hockey puck with a screen. The device will compete against the Amazon.com Echo and Alphabet's Google Home speaker, which are powered by the Alexa and the Google Assistant voice services respectively. Essential confirmed the Home device will let the user choose between Alexa, Google Assistant or Siri. It was not immediately clear how Siri would be available on Essential. While Amazon and Google have released the software needed to embed their assistants on devices they do not make, Apple has not done so. Essential declined to elaborate on how it plans to embed Siri on the device, and Apple declined to comment. The Essential Home takes a page from Apple's privacy play book. Like an iPhone, the Home will do much of the processing for voice and image recognition on the device itself rather than sending data to remote servers. Essential also said the Home device will communicate with home appliances like lights and thermostats directly over the home network, rather than sending data to remote servers. Apple's HomeKit system takes similar approach. Rubin, Essential's CEO, co-founded Android and sold it to Google in 2005. He ran Google's mobile efforts until 2013 before a brief stint running the firm's robotics division. He left Google in 2014 to focus on starting hardware companies. Investors in Essential include Chinese tech company Tencent Holdings, iPhone contract manufacturer Foxconn , Redpoint Ventures and Altimeter Capital. Essential plans to announce a ship date for the devices in the next few weeks. The company did not say whether it planned to sell the phone directly to customers online or in physical stores. Essential for the first time revealed its staff on its website, listing Wolfgang Muller as head of channel sales. Muller previously ran North American retail operations for phone maker HTC, according to his LinkedIn profile, suggesting that Essential plans to sell phones through retail stores, carriers or both. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Technology ISRO's GSAT-19, GSAT-11 satellites to revolutionise communications in region Social Media WATCH| Soon, magical pub to open for Harry Potter fans Science Playing a musical instrument can be good for brain, claims research Science China plans to launch space telescope to understand Milky Way pulsars Science Russian and French astronauts end 196-day mission on ISS, land on Earth Technology Microsoft is paying users to search with Bing over Google Next Article > Manchester attack: Ariana Grande to headline relief concert in UK city this Sunday Next node Manchester attack: Ariana Grande to headline relief concert in UK city this Sunday Related Apple readying Siri-powered home assistant: Report Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping service case Google marks ICC Champions Trophy with its addictive doodle Video WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma View all Tags Google Siri Alexa Foxconn HTC Redpoint Ventures Samsung Apple Inc Amazon Andy Rubin Google Assistant Wolfgang Muller Altimeter Capital Apple HomeKit Apple Inc iPhone Essential Products Samsung Galaxy Tencent Holdings SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Etihad Airways to suspend flights to and from Qatar from Tuesday CBI carries out searches at residence of Prannoy Roy Case registered against NDTV co-founder Prannoy Roy for causing loss to bank INSIGHT-Canada beats US in pork sales to China - feet, elbows and all As Russia probe grinds on, Trump struggles to gain traction on agenda Sport Rugby-British and Irish Lions team to play Auckland Blues Soccer-Hazard to miss Belgium matches after fracturing ankle Rugby-O'Driscoll incident back in focus at Blues team naming NBA-James struggles to find any positives after another big defeat Dominic Thiem demolishes Zeballos to march into French Open quarters Entertainment 5 reasons why we love the 'Munna Michael' trailer! 'Wonder Woman' soars with $100.5 million, 'Pirates 5' fizzles out at US box office Ariana Grande gets emotional as she closes One Love Manchester concert Tight security and tears at benefit concert for Manchester bomb victims Ariana, others perform in Manchester as tribute to attack victims Money Developers hopeful of solar tariff at Rs. 1.5 per unit China stocks fall even as IPO pace cools; Hong Kong also eases Goldman, Nomura heeded warnings before Venezuela bond deal FOREX-Dollar edges away from lows hit on downbeat US jobs data, sterling slips South Korea draws up $10 billion extra budget to create jobs Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back Whitepapers Survey Reports Partner Content Webinars Polls Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre About Awards Jobs Events More Back About Us Contact Us Media kit Get our newsletter 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back Whitepapers Survey Reports Partner Content Webinars Polls Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre About Awards Jobs Events More Back About Us Contact Us Media kit Get our newsletter 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Android creator launches his own phone Written by Scott Bicheno 6 days ago Andy Rubin, the man behind ubiquitous mobile OS Android, has unveiled his first take on the smartphone since leaving Google. Among other projects Rubin created a gadget startup called Essential, which has also launched a home assistant device called Home that seems designed to take on similar offerings from Amazon and Google. In keeping with that no-nonsense naming policy the phone is called Phone. The Essential Phone is positioned to attack the premium Android (unsurprisingly) market that is currently dominated by the Samsung Galaxy S series. It has premium specs, including a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 SoC, a titanium body that claims to be tougher than its competitors, and a 5.7-inch screen with a minimal bezel. The novel feature, however, is a degree of modularity – i.e. hot-swappable components. Right now this seems to consist of a 360-degree camera attaches itself to the phone magnetically and the clear inference is that other such components will one day be made available that interact with the phone in the same way. In a blog explaining why he decided to start this company rather than just slob on the beach for the rest of his life Rubin explained that, as the creator of Android, he feels partly responsible for consumer tech not being as user-friendly as it should be these days. “For all the good Android has done to help bring technology to nearly everyone it has also helped create this weird new world where people are forced to fight with the very technology that was supposed to simplify their lives,” said Rubin. He then vowed to do things better by focusing on simplicity and quality. The Essential Phone is initially only available in the States, costing $699 or 50 bucks more if you want the 360-degree phone. It seems to tick all the boxes for a premium phone but so do loads of others. Remove the camera and the Rubin stardust and you’re left with a new entrant in a very crowded and competitive field.   Tags: Android, Essential, smartphone Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content Apple protests too much about Android in switch campaign Sony ditches ‘premium standard’ smartphone category HTC might have actually found a bit of differentiation Apple dominates Q1 2017 smartphone model sales Webinars View all Customer Experience in Telecommunications: Defining the Gaps & How to Close Them 22 June 2017 White Papers View all The State of Digital Transformation in Telecommunications Share 08 May 2017 White Paper – Digital Transformation Requires a “Subscriber-First” Approach Share 30 Mar 2017 Digital Transformation Operator Survey Report Share 24 Feb 2017 Events View all SD-WAN Strategies for Success 06-06 June 2017 View Event The 7th Annual Provider Forum on Data Centers and Cloud Services Infrastructure 08-09 June 2017 View Event Negotiating Network & Infrastructure Deals Conference 11-13 June 2017 View Event Polls View all How have open source groups influenced the development of virtualization in telecoms? They have been essential to the process and it would have failed without them They have been positive and helped move things along They are just one part of the mix - neither positive nor negative It's not always clear what value they add and should be less involved They are a drain on resources and actively hinder the process  Loading ... Twitter View all Vodafone would like to see more urgency from vendors on NFV - We're heading in the right direction on virtualiz... https://t.co/UFInOVD5z1 02 June 2017 @ 13:30:51 UTC Telcos are a commodity and not innovative; so what? - While the world is worried about the trend of commoditiza... https://t.co/xuc0JvBa85 02 June 2017 @ 13:30:51 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2017. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 13 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Computing / 'Judy' Malware Hits Android Devices Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com 'Judy' Malware Potentially Hits Up to 36.5M Android Devices By Chloe Albanesius PUBLISHED: MAY 30 2017 Up to 36.5 million Android devices may have been infected by malware that produced fake ad clicks and lined the pockets of its developers. As outlined by security firm Check Point, 41 apps developed by Korea-based Kiniwini and published under the moniker ENISTUDIO Corp., "infected devices to generate large amounts of fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it." It's "possibly the largest malware campaign found on Google Play," according to Check Point. Google "swiftly" removed the apps from Google Play after being alerted to their existence, Check Point says, but not before they "reached an astonishing spread between 4.5 million and 18.5 million downloads." Some were available on the store for several years and all were recently updated. "It is unclear how long the malicious code existed inside the apps, hence the actual spread of the malware remains unknown," Check Point says, but those download numbers mean "the total spread of the malware may have reached between 8.5 and 36.5 million users." The malware was dubbed Judy by Check Point after the title character in Kiniwini's apps. Chef Judy: Picnic Lunch Maker, for example, encourages players to "create delicious food with Judy." But Judy-themed games ran the gamut, from "Animal Judy" and "Fashion Judy." How does Judy infect your device? Hackers create an innocuous app that can get around Google's Bouncer security screening and is added to an app store. "Once a user downloads a malicious app, it silently registers receivers which establish a connection with the [Command and Control] server," Check Point says. "The server replies with the actual malicious payload, which includes JavaScript code, a user-agent string and URLs controlled by the malware author. The malware opens the URLs using the user agent that imitates a PC browser in a hidden webpage and receives a redirection to another website. Once the targeted website is launched, the malware uses the JavaScript code to locate and click on banners from the Google ads infrastructure." Check Point likens Judy to two previous exploits: FalseGuide and Skinner. And like another bug, DressCode, Judy hid behind good reviews. "Hackers can hide their apps' real intentions or even manipulate users into leaving positive ratings, in some cases unknowingly. Users cannot rely on the official app stores for their safety, and should implement advanced security protections capable of detecting and blocking zero-day mobile malware," Check Point says. Kiniwini develops apps for iOS and Android, Check Point says, but it did not mention any problems with the iOS apps. As of Sunday afternoon, 45 ENISTUDIO Corp. Judy apps are available in the App Store, most of which appear to have last been updated on March 31. © 2017 Post & Courier under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Malware, Android, Google Play, Cybersecurity, Online Advertising Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. 1980 Letter Fueled Opioid Epidemic 2. Is Computer Glare Aging Your Skin? 3. Investors Pick Tesla Over GM 4. Alaska Space Biz Shows Signs of Life 5. Google Expands Paid Carpooling MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN COMPUTING 1. NKorea, Cyberattacks and Lazarus 2. Nest Cameras Will Recognize You 3. Intel Starts Computex with Big News 4. 'Judy' Malware Hits Android Devices 5. Dell Standardizes on Salesforce CRM SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan WWGD? Chrome needs to come to Windows 10 S The search giant has shrugged its shoulders when it comes to Microsoft's platforms. But the expected appeal of Windows 10 S would burden Chrome users and cut Google off from vital user intelligence. By Ross Rubin | May 30, 2017 -- 17:01 GMT (10:01 PDT) | Topic: PCs Like Apple before it, Microsoft has had a hard time breaking through the chicken-and-egg dilemma of desktop operating system stores that still allow independent app distribution. But it has developed a clever strategy to do so -- not by eliminating alternative distribution via Windows 10 Pro and Home, but by making a case to users that should gradually lead to more adoption of the more constrained Windows 10 S. As with the iOS app store and the Safari rendering engine, the Windows Store forbids the use of HTML rendering engines other than Microsoft's own. That's bad news for the developers and users of browsers such as Firefox and Opera, but its impact weighs particularly heavily on Google's Chrome, which may be the most popular app that will be shut out by Microsoft's streamlined version of Windows. Up until now, Google hasn't cared much about getting shut out of the Windows store. After all, the company has developed virtually none of its apps for Windows and has even made life difficult for Microsoft in trying to develop its own mobile app-based workarounds. Read also: Taking music services on the go without a phone: Then and now | You may not need the Echo Show, but Amazon does | Meet IoT's latest target: A wooden stick | Echo Look brings a camera into your bedroom, asks what you're wearing However, Windows 10 S is poised for growth. It's a key part of the beachhead of Microsoft's K12 education initiative. Google doesn't want to risk getting shut out of students' hands simply because administrators have chosen cheap Windows laptops versus Chromebooks. And Chrome takes on particular significance precisely, because Google doesn't actively support Windows with other apps. It is the gateway to many of Google's services on the desktop, including its namesake search function. Things might be different if Google had a mainstream alternative to Windows for computing devices, but the recent addition of Android apps to Chromebooks is, at best, a bandage. And any rumored OS reboot to supplant both of Google's operating systems would take years to challenge Windows seriously. ed bott Windows 10 S: Chromebook killer or the second coming of Windows RT? With Windows 10 S, Microsoft is trying to once again build a wall around the wide-open PC ecosystem. Its last attempt was a spectacular failure. Can it succeed the second time around? Read More So, as it has on iOS, Google should create a version of its browser that is Chrome on the outside but not on the inside. As Chrome for iOS relies on Safari's rendering engine, so a version of Chrome for Windows 10 S should rely on Edge's. Of course, this is not an ideal issue in that Google gives up some control and consistency across platforms. Indeed, such inconsistency is even harder to rationalize among desktop operating systems given that users at least tend to expect some reduction in functionality when using tablets and smartphones. Furthermore, relying on Edge's browser might require Google to find ways of implementing Chrome-exclusive features in another way. As Windows 10 users know, Microsoft and Google are often needling each other on the platform, with Google, for example, noting that Chrome is required to use Google Docs offline. However, Chrome -- and its users -- would retain many elements, including the user interface, bookmark syncing, and Google service defaults would be maintained. Having even an Edge-driven Chrome on Windows 10 S lets Google ensure that Chrome is the only major "native" OS browser available across the Google, Apple, and Microsoft ecosystems. There is no need to rush and convey the kind of early endorsement that Spotify has. But Google should heed what Apple has done. A company famous for its disinterest in supporting platforms other than its own, Microsoft's PC rival has decided to offer iTunes via Windows 10 S. While Microsoft is spotlighting support for Android phones and iPhones in its next major Windows update, Apple likely wants to ensure that users of the Windows 10 Pro offshoot have access to the full iPhone experience. Google has been focused on mobile for many years. While it diligently brings virtually all of its apps to the iPhone, it doesn't engage in much Mac development, dismissing desktops as passé. But the game is changing as Microsoft steps up its knowledge of Windows and web users with Microsoft Graph. Google's embrace of AI -- and its race with Microsoft to lead in it -- means that, more than ever, it needs to gain access to a full spectrum of user behavior. Chrome is its best near-term option for gathering that on the world's dominant PC platform. Related stories: A simple file naming bug can crash Windows 8.1 and earlier Here's how you can still get a free Windows 10 upgrade Windows 10 Creators Update: Microsoft's latest update fixes a load of bugs It's not just Windows anymore: Samba has a major SMB bug Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Hardware Top Raspberry Pi alternatives PCs Computex 2017: Dell launches first Inspiron gaming desktop Hardware ​Computex 2017: AMD stakes its claim to the high ground Microsoft Microsoft is making the Mac look old and stale × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Homeland Security News Wire Home About us Subscribe Advertise Contact RSS Feed BIOMETRICS Border/Immig. Business Cybersecurity Detection Disasters Government Infrastructure Public Safety Public health Regional Sci-Tech Surveillance Terrorism Transportation Water CybersecurityJudy malware may be the largest malware campaign found on Google Play: Check Point Published 30 May 2017 Share | Check Point researchers last week discovered a widespread malware campaign on Google Play, Google’s official app store. Check Point says that the malware, dubbed “Judy,” is an auto-clicking adware which was found on forty-one apps developed by a Korean company. The malicious apps reached an astonishing spread between 4.5 million and 18.5 million downloads. Check Point researchers last week discovered a widespread malware campaign on Google Play, Google’s official app store. Check Point says that the malware, dubbed “Judy,” is an auto-clicking adware which was found on forty-one apps developed by a Korean company. The malware uses infected devices to generate large amounts of fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it. The malicious apps reached an astonishing spread between 4.5 million and 18.5 million downloads. Some of the apps Check Point discovered resided on Google Play for several years, but all were recently updated. It is unclear how long the malicious code existed inside the apps, hence the actual spread of the malware remains unknown. Check Point also found several apps containing the malware, which were developed by other developers on Google Play. The connection between the two campaigns remains unclear, and it is possible that one borrowed code from the other, knowingly or unknowingly. The oldest app of the second campaign was last updated in April 2016, meaning that the malicious code hid for a long time on the Play store undetected. These apps also had a large amount of downloads between 4 and 18 million, meaning the total spread of the malware may have reached between 8.5 and 36.5 million users. Check Point notes that Judy, similarly to previous malware which infiltrated Google Play, such as FalseGuide and Skinner, relies on the communication with its Command and Control server (C&C) for its operation. After Check Point notified Google about this threat, the apps were swiftly removed from the Play store. Share | More Stories: Business Hackers Leave a comment Register for your own account so you may participate in comment discussion. Please read the Comment Guidelines before posting. By leaving a comment, you agree to abide by our Comment Guidelines, our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Use. Please stay on topic, be civil, and be brief. Names are displayed with all comments. Learn more about Joining our Web Community. Recent stories What we know so far “Enough is enough”: Theresa May Eight minutes on London Bridge: years of training led to lightning police response Cybersecurity on the fly Training cybersecurity professionals to protect critical infrastructure New training to improve operational security at U.S. border Replacing coal with solar will save lives, money Seacoast roads under new threat from rising sea level Hackers could take control of missiles on U.K. subs, start a “catastrophic” nuclear war: Report World heading toward “permanent cyber war”: France’s cyber chief Cybercrime to cost global business more than $8 trillion in the next five years Diplomat: Hezbollah is now more powerful than most NATO members The Islamic State group has weaponized children Coroners unable to agree on cause of death, or whether a case merits inquest Lawmaker criticizes closure of biodefense lab Taller wind turbine towers to help expand wind energy nationwide Terrorism worldwide at all-time high Putin: “Patriotic,” “private” Russian hackers may have interfered in 2016 U.S. election Face Recognition Challenge seeks better face-identification software Bug-bounty program to strengthen DHS cyber defenses Bolstering the security of inter-domain routing What it takes to be a forensic fingerprint examiner? Free Subscription BIOMETRICS Border/Immig. Business Cybersecurity Detection Disasters Government Infrastructure Public Safety Public health Regional Sci-Tech Surveillance Terrorism Transportation Water Home About us Subscribe Advertise Contact RSS Feed Homeland Security News Wire All Regional Africa Americas Asia / Pacific Europe Middle East Water Biometrics Access control E-documents Biometric databases Biometric technologies E-commerce Identity authentication Identity documents National IDs Borders/Immig Border crossings Deportation Border monitoring / protection E-Verify Border security technology Illegal immigration Fencing / barriers Immigration and business Smuggling and contraband U.S. legal employment status Travel documents US VISIT Ultralights, submersibles, tunnels Visa requirements Business Business Companies / JVs / Partnerships Contracts Investment trends M&A Market performance Distribution agreements Government contracts Private sector contracts Strategic partnerships System integrators Venture capital and private equity Cybersecurity Cloud computing Corporate IT security Cybercrime Encryption Firewalls Hackers Information warfare Network security Quantum encryption Social networks VPNs Detection Biological Radiological Chemical Detection - nuclear, biological, chemical Explosive Nuclear Radiological threats Scanning and screening Sensors and Sensor networks Disasters Backup / Storage systems Business continuity Communication interoperability Compliance Corporate security Crisis management Data recovery and management Emergency management systems Emergency Preparedness Natural disasters Risk analysis Resilience / Recovery Terror / Disaster insurance Government Africa code Budget Congress Espionage Government - federal, state, local Information sharing Intelligence International cooperation Laws and regulations Nuclear weapons proliferation Privacy State / Local Terrorism and counterterrorism Infrastructure Alternative energy Bridges, roads, tunnels, canals Chemical plants Construction Dams / Reservoirs Energy Energy policy Energy resources Infrastructure protection Nuclear power Perimeter defense and fencing Power grid and stations Smart grid Water facilities Water Technology / Treatment International African Security Conflict Culture / Religion Failed states Population / Migration Treaties Public health Agroterrorism BioLabs Bioterrorism Epidemics and pandemics Food import controls Food supply chain safety Health standards Infectious disease Viruses and pathogens Public health Vaccines and treatments Public Safety Communication interoperabillity Emergency services Emergency medical services Fire First response IEDs Law Enforcement Law Enforcement Technology Military technology Nonlethal weapons Nuclear weapons Personal protection equipment Police Notification /alert systems Situational awareness Weapons systems Sci-Tech Biotechnology Certification and credentialing Degree programs Computers / software Credentialing Education / training Engineering Environment Materials Nanotechnology National labs Research and Development Robotics Social sciences Technological innovation Sector Reports Biometrics Border & Immigration Control Cybersecurity Detection Emergency Management Infrastructure Protection Law Enforcement World Report Surveillance Asset tracking Eavesdropping FISA Intelligence gathering / analysis Open-source searches RFID technology Search engines Sensors and sensor networks Thermal imaging UAVs / Satellites / Blimps Video analytics Transportation Air cargo / baggage Aviation and Airport Baggage screening Cargo and Containers Ground / Mass transportation HAZMAT transportation Maritime and Ports Transportation Security   Advertising & Marketing: advertise@newswirepubs.com, 516.414.1114 Editorial: editor@newswirepubs.com, 516.741.2555 General: info@newswirepubs.com 2017 © News Wire Publications, LLC 220 Old Country Road | Suite 200 | Mineola | New York | 11501 Permissions and Policies
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Qualcomm’s smart router plan puts mesh, IoT, and Alexa-style agents in one Chris Davies - May 30, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Routers may not be sexy but they can definitely be ambitious, with Qualcomm looking to replace your Echo, router, and smart home bridges with a single unit. The company unveiled its Mesh Networking Platform and Reference Design at Computex 2017 this week, an all-in-one that combines mesh networking, self-healing and -organizing configuration, voice agents like Alexa and Google Assistant, and all the radios to talk to your connected lights, locks, speakers, and more, in a single box. At first glance, you might mistake the reference design router as Echo on a serious diet. Funnily enough, Alexa does reside inside the pinched-in tower, though Qualcomm isn’t playing favorites. It’ll offer its six-microphone array and multiple wakeword trigger support to any virtual assistant that wants to play. Rather than needing a separate Echo Dot or Google Home in each room, your mesh router will also act as a way to chat with your agent of choice, so the idea goes. On that mesh front, it builds on Qualcomm’s existing footprint in the space. Though you might not know it, the chip maker’s radios are inside the majority of existing mesh routers on the market already: Eero, Netgear’s Orbi, Luma, and more all rely on its products. That has given it a front-row seat to how the segment has developed, and just what customers, manufacturers, and broadband providers are asking for. For instance, it turns out that it’s coverage not speed that users are most concerned with. Broadband providers want to boost consistency and cut the number of “my internet doesn’t work in my basement home office” support calls they get. Meanwhile, with around 90-percent of smartphone wireless traffic in the home being over WiFi, phone-makers are looking to get a piece of the connectivity pie; witness Samsung’s Connect Home mesh router, which packs both WiFi and SmartThings IoT support. Qualcomm’s reference design uses its IPQ40x8/9 dual-radio networking SoC with WiFi SON functionality baked in. Rather than using WiFi or ethernet to link together different mesh nodes, the platform supports 802.11ad and 802.11ax for linking the different units together. That ensures dedicated bandwidth for the backhaul, and keeps as much of the regular WiFi spectrum free for your actual devices like phones, laptops, and connected gadgets. Still, most of the mesh networking routers on the market have an annoying flaw for those of us who are smart home early-adopters. With their focus on wireless networking, few have more than a couple of ethernet ports. Once you start trying to hook up the inevitable bridges and hubs for your connected lights, locks, and other devices, suddenly you find yourself daisy-chaining ethernet switches too. Then come the power strips needed to turn everything on. It’s a cabling nightmare, not to mention an eyesore, which is where Qualcomm’s IoT Connectivity Feature Suite comes in. It may not have an especially catchy name, but its intent – to replace individual third-party bridges with onboard radios – is admirable. With a combination of WiFi, Bluetooth, Powerline, and ZigBee the number of devices the router can talk to increases significantly. There are a few benefits to that. For a start, fewer add-ons. Hanging off an ethernet switch by my cable modem, for instance, there’s among other things a SmartThings bridge and a Philips Hue bridge; Qualcomm’s router could replace both. Meanwhile, there’s the promise of less interference between all these different radios, since the router will act as a traffic controller making sure one isn’t trying to speak over another. The company’s demo is perversely underwhelming, though that’s really by design. A somewhat deconstructed, work-in-progress version of the reference design with Alexa support recognized a command to turn off the lights, and all of the connected bulbs in the room switched off. That sounds predictable – indeed, Qualcomm told me, the typical layperson response it has received has been along the lines of “isn’t that what it’s meant to do?” – but those aware of how tricky getting connected bulbs variously using WiFi, Bluetooth, ZigBee, and other standards all to interact without a rats’ nest of bridges are suitably wowed. Routers you eventually buy using the new Qualcomm Mesh Networking Platform probably won’t look like this cylindrical tower. The reference design packs in everything it can possible support, after all; Qualcomm was also mindful of heat management, I’m told, because the designers wanted it to be fanless, too. Like Amazon’s original Echo, the tower form-factor also helps keep the microphone array high up off whatever table the router is placed on, improving its performance. There’s some way to go before you can ditch your collection of bridges, mind. For a start, the companies that make them will need to build services for Qualcomm’s silicon and radios instead. That’ll be made easier, the company insists to me, because many of the connected bulb and other smart home devices out there are also using Qualcomm silicon anyway, and will be motivated by the thought of fewer bridge support calls among other things. Eventually, a new SIG (special interest group) in the WiFi Alliance will shape interoperability, but until that’s finalized Qualcomm is making itself the intermediary to help everyone figure out how different platforms and services will play good-neighbor. Various APIs will be on offer to hook Thread, HomeKit, and other ecosystem stacks into the platform. Even if your product of choice is using a rival chipmaker’s silicon, Qualcomm says it’ll be open to working with that company to ensure everything integrates nicely. MORE: Google WiFi Review: Mesh networking gets simple For consumers, Qualcomm is counting on the prospect of all-in-one, self-healing routers that minimize network dead spots and magically pick the best bands and channels for your devices in the background being worth a premium. Exactly how much of a premium will depend on router manufacturers themselves, who have apparently been warmed by evidence that mesh early-adopters are happy to spend significantly more for these newer models. Not every product will necessarily support every aspect of what Qualcomm’s reference design can do, mind, so expect some new box labeling to make clear exactly what you’re buying into. You’ll be able to do that sooner rather than later, too. Qualcomm says the first products from its hardware partners will be on the market by the 2017 holidays. Story Timeline What is mesh networking and can it fix my WiFi? Google Wifi Review: Meet mesh networking's new star Linksys Velop aims to steal Google WiFi's mesh crown Eero price cut as mesh routers prepare for platform play Tags Computexcomputex 2017Hands OnHome AutomationInternet of ThingsIoTnetworkingQualcommroutersmart homewifiWireless Router Must Read Bits & Bytes Apple’s roadmap allegedly leaked: iPhone 8, Glasses, 2018 MacBook, more Coinbase tipped at $1b valuation as demand for cryptocurrency soars Why DigiByte’s price is soaring: $DGB, Minecraft, Memes, and Citibank Rooting Android phones is no longer cool, it’s a liability Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Azure Backup cuddles up real close to Windows Server Tintri files for US$100m IPO but warns losses will likely keep coming HPE's cloud server wasting away on low calorie Microsoft sales ViaSat lofts world's most powerful communications satellite into orbit Sage flogs North American Payments biz for $260m Whoops! Microsoft accidentally lets out a mobile-'bricking' OS update Google to give 6 months' warning for 2018 Chrome adblockalypse – report Toyota's entertaining the idea of Linux in cars Goodness gracious, great Chinese 'Fireball' malware infects 250m systems worldwide Social media vetting for US visas go live LIGO physicists eyeball a new gravitational wave Crapness of WannaCrypt coding offers hope for ransomware victims Who's going to dig you out of a security hole when the time comes? BA IT systems failure: Uninterruptible Power Supply was interrupted Performance anxiety: A different take on 'hybrid infrastructure' Ransomware realities: In your normal life, strangers don't extort you. But here you are How do you do, fellow kids? Grandpa Puppet gets down with Docker What happened when 300 DevOps experts took over the QE II? Windows is now built on Git, but Microsoft has found some bottlenecks Twilio packages code boilerplate to woo devs Policy The Channel UK PM May's response to London terror attack calls for regulation of internet companies Walmart workers invited to shuttle packages Pai guy not too privacy shy, says your caller ID can't block IP, so anons go bye The Big Blue Chopper video that IBM might want to keep quiet Bixby bailout: Samsungers bailing on lame-duck assistant Your emotionally absent pic-snapping partner's going to look you in the eye again Samsung's Bixby assistant fails English, gets held back a month Qualcomm names its Windows 10 ARM PC partners Geek's Guide Earth resists NASA's attempts to make red and green clouds ESA astronaut deaccelerates from 28,800kph to zero in first bumpy landing Boffins find evidence of strange uranium-producing bacteria lurking underground Gay Dutch vultures become dads Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Amazon granted patent to put parachutes inside shipping labels The nuclear launch button won't be pressed by a finger but by a bot Virtual reality headsets even less popular than wearable devices Microsoft boosts its AI framework with Cognitive Toolkit 2.0 Verity Stob Utah fights man's attempt to marry laptop German robo-pastor preaches the GNU Testament IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living Emergent Tech Artificial Intelligence Real brains discuss artificial brains in real-world London First tranche of M3 2017 speakers announced 30 May 2017 at 17:54, Team Register We’re thrilled to announce the first tranche of conference speakers for the Minds Mastering Machines (M3) three-day dive into machine learning, AI and advanced analytics this Autumn. We’ll be gathering a wide range of experts together at 30 Euston Square from October 9 to 11, who will help you not just grasp the potential of these technologies, but show you how they’ve put them into practice in real-world businesses. Our keynote speakers, professor Mark Bishop of Goldsmiths, University of London, and Google’s Melanie Warrick, will set the tone. Mark’s career has spanned academic breakthroughs from (arguably) the first computational swarm intelligence (SI) paradigm, to advising the United Nations on the control of “killer robots,” to applying AI to fraud detection and procurement. Melanie is a senior developer advocate at Google, and her career has included work as a founding engineer on Deeplearning4j as well as work implementing machine learning (ML) in production at Change.org. Our conference programme will include introductory sessions covering key concepts and platforms for those in the early stages of adopting and adapting ML, advanced analytics and AI. For those already down the path, we’ll have deeper dives into key tools and how they’re being used in organisations from retail to online commerce, research, and of course, transport. And everyone will benefit from sessions covering the ethical, legal and management contexts around ML, AI and associated technologies. We’ll even take a few glimpses into the wilder possibilities offered by these potentially revolutionary technologies. Throughout, the focus will be on how ML and AI can be applied in real businesses and organisations, a theme that will be carried on in our day-three workshop lineup. These are mind-stretching and occasionally mind-blowing topics, so you’ll be glad to know we’ll enjoy a supply of high-quality food and drink to keep you going in the conference sessions, and to oil those crucial offline conversations with the speakers and your fellow attendees. To see the lineup so far, and grab those all-important early bird tickets, head over to the M3 website now. ® Tips and corrections Post a comment MORE Artificial Intelligence Conference Ai Machine Learning Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register Artificial intelligence will eradicate channel drudgery, says Lenovo boss Canalys Channels Forum 2016 Any intelligence would be a start, grumble partners 16 Comments MEPs in 'urgent' call for new laws on artificial intelligence and robotics Liability issues with self-driving cars is key concern 17 Comments Reg readers cluster in pub to ponder artificial intelligence Reg Events And hear why a mic-dropping, beer hurling AI would be a real advance 2 Comments White House to bring us up to speed on artificial intelligence hype latest Will AI kill or cure? 11 Comments Artificial intelligence 'will save wearables'! Can you hearable me? 12 Comments Hard numbers: The mathematical architectures of Artificial Intelligence Is your machine learning? 68 Comments Whitepapers Blending Cloud-native and Conventional Applications This IDC InfoBrief, sponsored by Red Hat, reviews ten lessons from early adopters for successful integration of cloud native and traditional applications. Mobile App Security Program Management Handbook Whether you are starting from square one with a mobile app security initiative, have ad-hoc tasks you want to consolidate, or just want to improve an existing program. Achieving the Dynamic Data Center Examining the emergence of clustering in the enterprise data center, and a set of criteria to consider when evaluating options for managing advanced, clustered IT infrastructure. VM Data Protection and Veritas How Veritas NetBackup and virtual machine data protection can help you consistently meet SLAs with near 100% backup and recovery success rate. Most read BA IT systems failure: Uninterruptible Power Supply was interrupted BA CEO blames messaging and networks for grounding IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni The Linux cloud swap that spells trouble for Microsoft and VMware I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living Spotlight 8 out of 10 cats fear statistics – AI doesn't have this problem Sorry, Dave, I can't code that: AI's prejudice problem Washing machine AI? You'll thank AWS, Microsoft, Google (eventually) A bot lingua franca does not exist: Your machine-learning options for walking the talk Speaking in Tech: Elon Musk and the AI apocalypse Do the numbers, Einstein: AI is more than maths as some know it Forget robot overlords, humankind will get finished off by IoT How Ford has slammed the door on Silicon Valley's autonomous vehicles drive Sponsored links Know Your Infrastructure - On Prem and in the Cloud Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
We use cookies to provide you with a better onsite experience. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Skip to main content SubscribeMenu Scientific American English Cart 0 Sign In  |   Register Email:Password:Forgot password?LoginNot yet registered?SearchSubscribe English Español العربية Other Editions Search Close Search The Sciences Mind Health Tech Sustainability Education Video Podcasts Blogs Store SubscribeCurrent Issue Cart Sign In Register Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Electronics 7 in 10 Smartphone Apps Share Your Data with Third-Party Services The majority of apps running on Android and iOS smartphones report personal data to third-party tracking companies like Google, Facebook or Crashlytics By Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez, Srikanth Sundaresan, The Conversation US on May 30, 2017 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Reddit Email Print Share via Google+ Stumble Upon Credit: Chris Ratcliffe Getty Images Advertisement | Report Ad The following essay is reprinted with permission from The Conversation, an online publication covering the latest research. Our mobile phones can reveal a lot about ourselves: where we live and work; who our family, friends and acquaintances are; how (and even what) we communicate with them; and our personal habits. With all the information stored on them, it isn’t surprising that mobile device users take steps to protect their privacy, like using PINs or passcodes to unlock their phones. The research that we and our colleagues are doing identifies and explores a significant threat that most people miss: More than 70 percent of smartphone apps are reporting personal data to third-party tracking companies like Google Analytics, the Facebook Graph API or Crashlytics. When people install a new Android or iOS app, it asks the user’s permission before accessing personal information. Generally speaking, this is positive. And some of the information these apps are collecting are necessary for them to work properly: A map app wouldn’t be nearly as useful if it couldn’t use GPS data to get a location. But once an app has permission to collect that information, it can share your data with anyone the app’s developer wants to—letting third-party companies track where you are, how fast you’re moving and what you’re doing. The help, and hazard, of code libraries An app doesn’t just collect data to use on the phone itself. Mapping apps, for example, send your location to a server run by the app’s developer to calculate directions from where you are to a desired destination. The app can send data elsewhere, too. As with websites, many mobile apps are written by combining various functions, precoded by other developers and companies, in what are called third-party libraries. These libraries help developers track user engagement, connect with social media and earn money by displaying ads and other features, without having to write them from scratch. However, in addition to their valuable help, most libraries also collect sensitive data and send it to their online servers—or to another company altogether. Successful library authors may be able to develop detailed digital profiles of users. For example, a person might give one app permission to know their location, and another app access to their contacts. These are initially separate permissions, one to each app. But if both apps used the same third-party library and shared different pieces of information, the library’s developer could link the pieces together. Users would never know, because apps aren’t required to tell users what software libraries they use. And only very few apps make public their policies on user privacy; if they do, it’s usually in long legal documents a regular person won’t read, much less understand. Developing Lumen Our research seeks to reveal how much data are potentially being collected without users’ knowledge, and to give users more control over their data. To get a picture of what data are being collected and transmitted from people’s smartphones, we developed a free Android app of our own, called the Lumen Privacy Monitor. It analyzes the traffic apps send out, to report which applications and online services actively harvest personal data. Because Lumen is about transparency, a phone user can see the information installed apps collect in real time and with whom they share these data. We try to show the details of apps’ hidden behavior in an easy-to-understand way. It’s about research, too, so we ask users if they’ll allow us to collect some data about what Lumen observes their apps are doing—but that doesn’t include any personal or privacy-sensitive data. This unique access to data allows us to study how mobile apps collect users’ personal data and with whom they share data at an unprecedented scale. In particular, Lumen keeps track of which apps are running on users’ devices, whether they are sending privacy-sensitive data out of the phone, what internet sites they send data to, the network protocol they use and what types of personal information each app sends to each site. Lumen analyzes apps traffic locally on the device, and anonymizes these data before sending them to us for study: If Google Maps registers a user’s GPS location and sends that specific address to maps.google.com, Lumen tells us, “Google Maps got a GPS location and sent it to maps.google.com”—not where that person actually is. Trackers are everywhere More than 1,600 people who have used Lumen since October 2015 allowed us to analyze more than 5,000 apps. We discovered 598 internet sites likely to be tracking users for advertising purposes, including social media services like Facebook, large internet companies like Google and Yahoo, and online marketing companies under the umbrella of internet service providers like Verizon Wireless. We found that more than 70 percent of the apps we studied connected to at least one tracker, and 15 percent of them connected to five or more trackers. One in every four trackers harvested at least one unique device identifier, such as the phone number or its device-specific unique 15-digit IMEI number. Unique identifiers are crucial for online tracking services because they can connect different types of personal data provided by different apps to a single person or device. Most users, even privacy-savvy ones, are unaware of those hidden practices. More than just a mobile problem Tracking users on their mobile devices is just part of a larger problem. More than half of the app-trackers we identified also track users through websites. Thanks to this technique, called “cross-device” tracking, these services can build a much more complete profile of your online persona. And individual tracking sites are not necessarily independent of others. Some of them are owned by the same corporate entity—and others could be swallowed up in future mergers. For example, Alphabet, Google’s parent company, owns several of the tracking domains that we studied, including Google Analytics, DoubleClick or AdMob, and through them collects data from more than 48 percent of the apps we studied. Users’ online identities are not protected by their home country’s laws. We found data being shipped across national borders, often ending up in countries with questionable privacy laws. More than 60 percent of connections to tracking sites are made to servers in the U.S., U.K., France, Singapore, China and South Korea—six countries that have deployed mass surveillance technologies. Government agencies in those places could potentially have access to these data, even if the users are in countries with stronger privacy laws such as Germany, Switzerland or Spain. Even more disturbingly, we have observed trackers in apps targeted to children. By testing 111 kids’ apps in our lab, we observed that 11 of them leaked a unique identifier, the MAC address, of the Wi-Fi router it was connected to. This is a problem, because it is easy to search online for physical locations associated with particular MAC addresses. Collecting private information about children, including their location, accounts and other unique identifiers, potentially violates the Federal Trade Commission’s rules protecting children’s privacy. Just a small look Although our data include many of the most popular Android apps, it is a small sample of users and apps, and therefore likely a small set of all possible trackers. Our findings may be merely scratching the surface of what is likely to be a much larger problem that spans across regulatory jurisdictions, devices and platforms. It’s hard to know what users might do about this. Blocking sensitive information from leaving the phone may impair app performance or user experience: An app may refuse to function if it cannot load ads. Actually, blocking ads hurts app developers by denying them a source of revenue to support their work on apps, which are usually free to users. If people were more willing to pay developers for apps, that may help, though it’s not a complete solution. We found that while paid apps tend to contact fewer tracking sites, they still do track users and connect with third-party tracking services. Transparency, education and strong regulatory frameworks are the key. Users need to know what information about them is being collected, by whom, and what it’s being used for. Only then can we as a society decide what privacy protections are appropriate, and put them in place. Our findings, and those of many other researchers, can help turn the tables and track the trackers themselves. This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Advertisement | Report Ad ABOUT THE AUTHOR(S) Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez Research Assistant Professor, IMDEA Networks Institute, Madrid, Spain; Research Scientist, Networking and Security, International Computer Science Institute based at, University of California, Berkeley Srikanth Sundaresan Srikanth Sundaresan is a research fellow in computer science at Princeton University. The Conversation US Recent Articles Could Cold Spot in the Sky Be a Bruise from a Collision with a Parallel Universe? Why Killing Coyotes Doesn't Make Livestock Safer How Do the Chemicals in Sunscreen Protect Our Skin from Damage? Advertisement | Report Ad Latest News Weather Alaska Accelerates Indoor Agriculture 4 hours ago — Emily Schwing EARTH Bad Signs 9 hours ago — Dana Hunter Policy & Ethics Second Thoughts: Did Thomas Kuhn Help Elect Donald Trump? 12 hours ago — John Horgan Math A Few of My Favorite Spaces: The Poincaré Homology Sphere 15 hours ago — Evelyn Lamb Arts & Culture Readers Respond to the February 2017 Issue 15 hours ago Cognition What Can Comedians Teach Us about Imagination? June 3, 2017 — Scott Barry Kaufman Report Ad Newsletter Get smart. Sign up for our email newsletter. Sign Up Share Latest Every Issue. Every Year. 1845 - Present Neuroscience. Evolution. Health. Chemistry. Physics. Technology.Subscribe Now! Follow us Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Store About Press Room More FAQs Contact Us Site Map Advertise Special Ad Sections SA Custom Media Terms of Use Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Scientific American is part of Springer Nature, which owns or has commercial relations with thousands of scientific publications (many of them can be found at www.springernature.com/us). Scientific American maintains a strict policy of editorial independence in reporting developments in science to our readers.© 2017 Scientific American, a Division of Nature America, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Father's Day is June 18th Get 20% Off A Gift for Dad Buy Now
Tech Search Search VenezuelaThe Airline Standoff in Venezuela is Getting Worse as the Country’s Crisis Deepens aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps Best Companies The Father of Android Unveils Potential Rivals for Apple’s iPhone and Amazon’s Echo Don Reisinger May 30, 2017 Former Google executive Andy Rubin has finally taken the wraps off his secretive hardware startup, Essential. Rubin on Tuesday detailed his company's two new devices: the Essential Phone and Essential Home. The former is a smartphone designed to come with high-end features, but at a more affordable price than other luxury handsets. Essential Home is a smart home device like Amazon's Echo, providing users control over their smart homes with voice commands. Rubin became a prominent figure in the mobile world after creating Android, now the world's most popular mobile operating system by market share. After Alphabet-owned Google (googl) acquired Android in 2005, Rubin served as its senior vice president of mobile and digital content, where he oversaw Android's development and Google's broader mobile ambitions. He then spent some time in 2013 working on other Google projects, including robotics, before leaving the company in 2014. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter Since then, Rubin has been working behind the scenes on hardware ventures and is now focusing on Essential. In a blog post earlier this month, Rubin said that he founded Essential to address problems he sees in the technology industry, including high-priced luxury products and devices that become obsolete after just a year of use. He said he wants to address those and other problems with each product Essential sells. The Essential Phone has several high-end handset hallmarks, including an edge-to-edge display that measures 5.71 inches. The smartphone, which is running on the latest Qualcomm (qcom) Snapdragon 835 processor, also comes with dual rear cameras and a titanium body design. Not surprisingly, it's running on Google's Android. It costs $699 unlocked, allowing users to run it on the carrier network of their choosing. Essential Phone, which was initially announced on The Verge, is available now for customers to pre-order, though the company hasn't said when it'll begin shipping. It's a similar story with the Essential Home, a small, round device sporting a screen that can display a range of information, like search results or upcoming events. The Amazon Echo Show, a new smart home hub slated to launch next month, also comes with a built-in screen. The original Amazon Echo as well as Google Home both lack screens. Like its competitors, Essential Home is meant to enable users to issue vocal commands to control other tech gadgets around the house. It runs on an operating system called Ambient OS, which will automatically link a new smart home device with Essential Home for simpler set-up. The smart home device, which isn't yet available for pre-order, doesn't have a shipping date—nor a confirmed price. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Google+ isn’t dead, but it is drowning in spam (though it plans to do something about it) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 10:20am PDTMay 29, 2017 160 Plus 1 on G+ 76 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares300 Editorials Google Last month Gideon Rosenblatt did a post on Google+ about the very platform, and it resonated with us here at AP. Many of you may know that we have invested a lot of our time here into Google+. After all, this is Android Police, and Google+ is as much a product of Google as Android is. But, we’ve been disheartened recently by issues with the social network. Most notably, a growing problem with spam. Our own site founder and owner, Artem, spoke out recently about his problems with the platform in the wake of Rosenblatt's post. And his is just one of many posts which have been attracting more attention and discussion on the subject. All of this has even prompted a response from an engineering manager at Google, who says that it is going to make a greater effort to fix things in the future. But spam is just one symptom of the platform's problems. I can't talk about spam without talking about what causes it. Unfortunately, that means I need to beat a bit of a dead horse. A lot of the problems you've heard about the platform in the past are contributing factors. Spam is an indicator of health, and the often-discussed historical problems with Google+ are the diseases. So it might seem that I'm digressing onto a well-worn subject here, but it is important to the discussion. All the old problems From a development perspective, Google has been distancing its social platform from its other tools as much as it can. Photos and Hangouts were once both integral parts of the Google+ experience. But, much as each subsequent update to Google+ has removed or limited features, each year seems to take away integration with another Google service. Hangouts on Air, Google Photos, Shared Circles, location sharing, Google+ Local, with all these things gone it may almost be fair to say that Google+ may have seen more features removed from the service than it has in total at present. Although it was made a part of G Suite last year, it may be a bit too late, and the utility to businesses for the social platform is likely limited. By design or accident, ostracizing Google+ in this way may have resulted in stagnation. Isolation reduces the user count and the number of eyes on content. And that stagnation is a breeding pool for spam. Google’s advocacy for the social platform has also diminished. Many prominent Googlers, as well as people in the core Google+ team, are barely even using the service. If your own employees can’t be motivated to use your product — if not on merit, at least as a means of promoting it — then what sort of attention is being paid to it? Writing here at AP, when I embed social content from Google, it almost always comes from one of two places: Twitter or YouTube. Part of that is because Google posts more things to those platforms than it does to Google+, and that’s a problem. Consider the difference in content volume between the Google Photos Twitter, Google Photos Blog, and Google Photos Google+ account. The last one of those only saw four posts this year. So not only are Googlers not using the platform, Google also recognizes the lack of marketing value for its own self-promotion. And even those few posts made by official Google accounts have had issues with spam. Thankfully in light of the recent attention drawn to the subject, they've been mostly cleaned up. But, if Google's own content has problems with it, imagine what users face. And all the new ones All the other, well-discussed issues have not been enough to prevent Google+ from soldiering on as a niche network. It isn't Facebook (thankfully), or Twitter, but people use it. Adoption may have slowed, and utility might be diminished, but it has a user base. A surprising number of little communities have popped up inside it. Developers with Android apps have been using it as a platform for app communications, beta tests, and technical support. In the realm of Google related software development, the platform is a small but bustling community attached to the larger market. And the people there like it. At least, they like it when the signal to noise ratio remains high enough to drown out the spam. To be fair, one can't claim this is a problem exclusive to Google+. All social media platforms have problems with spam, it’s basically a rule. As the barriers to mass communication become lower on a given platform, the quantity of submitted content that is used for marketing purposes increases. It becomes a delicate balance. How easy can you make account creation before every account is a bot? How easy should comment removal or reporting be so that spam can be caught, but censorship isn’t abused? What sort of burden can be placed on users, and how much responsibility for policing content can be delegated? Given the widespread nature of spam on most high-profile Google+ posts, this particular balance may need some adjustment. Some of the recent changes to Google+ have also increased the proliferation of spam. A lot of the older functionality that made managing content easier was stripped out in the responsive redesign of 2015-2016. Although the new site is more performant and consumes much less data, it also has a lot fewer methods of user interaction with content. Every post view is now a click, and comments must either be scrolled or each post opened in a new window, both of which make reporting content that little bit harder. Increasing the number of barriers for finding and reporting spam makes each post its own little breeding ground. Even in a perfect world, nothing can ever entirely eliminate spam. Everyone has a Grandma selling Avon that doesn’t care how much people might dislike her relentless self-promotion on Facebook, or a cousin who is stuck in a pyramid scheme and blissfully unaware of his predicament. But more steps need to be taken by Google to decrease its presence. Unfortunately, that's much easier for us to say than it is for Google to do. What can be done? As GitHub previously needed a wake-up call for how to better treat things on a social level, Google might also need to reexamine a few things about how it wants to handle Google+ going forward. Just because the platform has become niche doesn’t mean it doesn’t have a future. For fans of Google’s services, developers on its platforms, and news outlets such as ourselves, the service has genuine utility left in it. To that end, Google has responded to the recent criticisms leveled at the service by promising to do things better going forward. And knowing Google, it will find a novel solution to the problem. But can the it be fixed by itself? Across two responses to the recent posts complaining about spam, Google+ engineer manager Leo Deegan stated that it was the number 1 issue to be addressed going forward. He also acknowledged that some of the interface changes in the redesign on Desktop made things more difficult, but changes are planned for the future. Some of their areas of focus going forward will include better spam control, enhanced community moderation, cleaner notifications, and better navigation. It might seem from the outside that change is occurring slowly, but a lot of work has been done updating things behind the scenes. He reaffirmed that Google is committed to the future of G+, as demonstrated by its inclusion as a core G Suite product, and was glad that the community was providing feedback about these concerns. Spam might just be an indicator that a platform is popular enough to be a target, but a number of the tools that could potentially be used to fight it aren't possible as a result of the other problems I mentioned. By ostracizing Google+, all Google does is ensure that the spam stays in a closed box. If more of Google's services made use of the platform, more eyes would be on its content, and more would likely be reported. With more eyes in Google+ the volume of spam might not change, but spam itself would be reported faster and more frequently. And by not using the service — either as individuals or professionally — Google further decreases the number of eyes on content. In reddit parlance: admins are asleep, post spam. But, imagine they never woke up. It's like an abandoned house covered with graffiti. If the landlord doesn't check in, and a lack of business keeps visitors from the area, all the people living in the neighborhood still have to put up with it. Unfortunately for Google, the cost for us to leave is 0. But fortunately for the neighbors, Google has promised to renovate soon. Tags Google Google Plus opinion spam subscribe ... Previous Story Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more ... Next Story Samsung's new SoundAssistant app gives you greater control over sound on your Galaxy device ... Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments 4Ui812 If Google+ Was a baby it would have been "still born" Francisco Franco No. Mace Moneta You're right, it wasn't dead on arrival. It was actually quite active for a while, and I hit about 80,000 followers. I followed hundreds of interesting people. Had thousands of great discussions. Then the spam started. We all complained to Google, but it was like talking to ourselves. After a while, I was spending most of my time on the service blocking spam, while all the people I followed gave up and left. I left about 6 months ago, as my feed slowly came to a halt due to the exodus. This is much the same sequence as all the social media sites that have come before. Great for a while, turns to crap, I move on. It was great while it lasted. If you're still finding G+ useful, more power to you. chromaniac The problem started when Google decided that they know what Google+ should be instead of what the users of the platform wanted it to be. I was part of the Google+ Help community and it was painful to see TCs and RSs repeating the same thing again and again every time a feature was killed or detached from the platform. In the last couple of months, there were one or two individual accounts that were posting updates. Most of which were teeny tiny enhancements or bug fixes that no one cared about. It's insane how badly they killed a solid platform with a small but dedicated user base. Of course, for a company the size of Google, a product needs to have a sizable user base which Google+ never attained. Too bad, instead of killing it like Google Reader, they keep on dragging it on and on and on insulting the remaining users/fans. bekifft And don't forget that they killed Google Reader specifically because it was seen as a threat to the growth of Google+. I'm still mad at them for that. bekifft There's no metaphor for Google+ as a baby, Google+ was more of a clone born out of a desperate fear of Facebook, combined with poor management. It was always a solution in search of a problem that only Google had and no one else saw as a problem. The start of Google+ and the reign of Larry Page perfectly coincide with the start of Google losing focus. It's been all downhill from there, from a user focus perspective. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Well stated. Cliff Wade Huge thanks to Ryne Hager for the mention and linking to my post. :) Ryne Hager Woo! Thanks for being cool with me doing it. First (real) op-ed. Cliff Wade @ryne_hager:disqus Any time man. Excellent article, but then again, it's written on AP, so you know it's going to be good! :) In all seriousness, really good article and a lot of good stuff was mentioned and discussed. I am a member of the G+ Early Access community, Google+ Create and Community Vanguards(got invited into the last two because of my post you linked to) and I can say there are quite a few things being worked on. One of which deals with spam but I can't elaborate unfortunately. It's just one small step towards what will be coming in the near future hopefully. Leo Deegan, Carter Gibson, LeAnne Osborne and others are very active on G+ and it's good to see things being discussed, both openly and in private communities about the future and updates to G+. I really feel there are some changes coming soon. Ryne Hager Good to hear! I am confident Google will be able to sort things out for the platform. yanick So many astrologers and this article is only opinion. Why didn't you asked them about G+ future? :-))) Ryne Hager Damn, I could have avoided writing this entirely. Next time. ScottColbert Gee, maybe that's why it's tagged as an editorial. #ReadingIsFundamental . Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de92c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de92c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs382ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de92c:....,..... Nick Coad Wooooosh abc Gee, you're an idiot. Mace Moneta Most of the people I followed on G+ starting leaving about a year ago due to the spam. I finally left about 6 months ago. Amazingly, Twitter was much better, though it obviously doesn't easily support long form content. So now, 18 months after the people I know started to leave, Google has decided to address the problem? Great. IainPurdie Gave up on G+ several months ago when they "updated" it. At that point, any posts I put up on my business page were "Me Only" and there was no way to change it. The page with the option to fix this was inaccessible. G+ became, essentially, useless. Plus, they never opened it up fully to allow third party apps to post to it as Twitter and FB have done, making it too much donkey work to use. Then there's the atrocious app that throws stuff from my feed at me in a worse, more random fashion than facebook. It's impossible to find a post you read two minutes ago. skeleton My girlfriend says she doesn't know how to work it, they need to make it more accessible to the average Joe. Suicide_Note Maybe your girlfriend isn't too bright to begin with? skeleton Maybe you're a fucking prick but that's not the point.. Suicide_Note Oh, i totally am, but that doesn't change the fact that your girl is a dim bulb. skeleton Good one, did that make your day? Suicide_Note No, but then it wasn't supposed to. Getting good news about my Porsche made my day, however. How's your day going? skeleton Oh shit you have a Porsche! My bad carry on.. Anunnaki Uninstalled it few months ago and have never looked back. catalysto Brave. abc lol, butthurt fanboy. catalysto So brave. Suicide_Note Courageous. abc fanboy's bum hurts. edmann Most of those spam posts come from middle eastern's and Indians. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Where else you gonna go if you need the services of Baba Ji: black magic specialist? NeilR Go to the US of A for some white magic from this white magic specialist. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/77b2e23f4aa5dd55b2ae37db1c66f39d6491b46ad995b00139dd807c92615697.gif PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ http://d.christianpost.com/full/101519/hillary-clinton-supporter-cries.jpg NeilR Yeah, everyone who doesn't like Trump has to be a feminist and a Hillary supporter. You must be one of those Alt Right bunch. Many Indian-Americans supported Trump, too bad they never met racist dipsthits like you else they'd have surely reconsidered. P.S. Did you just link to a pic on christianpost.com? Oh I see, that's why you don't like Indians. Too many heathens there? abc lol. It must be nice being American. In your tiny world, everyone either supports Trump or Hillary. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It must be nice being American. http://i.onionstatic.com/avclub/2294/30/16x9/960.jpg aRvInD Sadly true. Those spammers clearly target all android beginners and spam them with irrelevant ads. Come here and most economical public buses have exactly same such fake astrology ads all over... NeilR You can find spam anywhere in the world but at least those fake astrology ads are simple enough to be brushed off as most people as spam. NeilR Just because the author of the article linked a few screenshots of spam posts you assume most of the spam on Google+ comes from middle east and India. Nice. Any other sweeping generalizations you make? abc No.1 in spam!! 'Murica, fuck yeah! Ryne Hager You are right, the images are a bit too repetitive. Just to make it clear we didn't intend to single anyone out, I've changed a few of the images in the editorial. Vikas For me Google+ is just a tool to signup for beta or tech support of any app or product. chromaniac Google removed that requirement long time ago. Google+ Sign-in because Google Sign-in. Hamza Abass grateful permit easy access to my google+ account at any time. Vikas These Astrologer, Lost Lover and Champcash spammers can be found everywhere here in India. Carlos Eugênio Meanwhile many normal posts are being considered spam without the option or possibility to approve them in our communities. Schultzter I still say there's nothing new in Google+ that Google didn't already have in their existing products. Their effort would have been much better improving the products they had, keep them separate but make it easy to move from one to the other from within Google. There's no point trying to build a better Facebook now that everyone is already on Facebook. chromaniac The way Google f'ed it up after departure of Vic is astonishing. I finally deleted my account 2 weeks ago. I only miss following the posts of few folks who I believe only post on Google+. But the user experience had become so painful that it was time to say it goodbye. Unbelievable what Google did with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It's not like you can just crack the social media market and become relevant at will, regardless of resources at your disposal. I can sort of imagine the reasons why Twitter got so popular, but don't think it would be easy to try to replicate it. YuCMi You're right, it also takes some awareness and a plan. Both of which Google never seemed to have. Stu I still use it but solely to perform the basic functions that Google Spaces did before Google stopped developing for it. aRvInD When many Googlers who write Android code still use iPhone as primary devices clearly says they themselves aren't interested much in their products... Harsh but truth..! Zsolt V Harsh but a lie. aRvInD Lie?? When why iPhone's Google apps often contain some new features before they get pushed to android beta users? Zsolt V Often? It happens very rarely and then it's because different teams work on different platforms. But what the fuck does that have anything to do with Google+? Or do you really think that the choice that person makes has any influence on the release schedule? At least at Google there is a choice. Can you imagine an Apple employee using a non-iPhone or non-Mac? Vantius Google+ in it's early days had a lot of interesting and new ideas to social media. The idea of putting people into groups based on interests and assigning audiences to posts based on those groups was a great idea. The idea of being able share live videos was a good idea too. It forced Facebook to adapt and improve it's own services. But, Google lost sight and IMHO started going downhill on the introduction of collections. it became obvious that they didn't know which way to take it. András Oláh I think Collections was a great idea but terrible implementation especially after the material design update. If it is a pain to manage your own collections and required 5+ clicks to set the collection you want to post to, no wonder no-one will use it. And the Collections landing page is even more terrible, there is zero visual indication whether a followed collection has any new content or not. I stopped following new collections because I felt that there is no point, as I will never see again those post in my stream. I stopped using more than 4 collections because of the inconvenient UI of switching collections. catalysto Sharing to collections is very easy. Sharing a photo to the G+ app, you can choose any collection or group you want right at the top. Metallinatus But.... did the black mage solve your problem? Ryne Hager 'course they did. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/495e00ef0755a130a47e98be9a9c81d1d83b992ccf87a3ab2b590f99a9c25400.gif Urmil Shroff I hope they do something about this, quickly. Peter Garlinski Maybe I'm one of the few, but Google+ works quite well and I've never encountered spam. Maybe it's because I've spent time with getting my circles setup with legitimate, decent people I want to get content from. With Facebook, I find it harder to really cut through the crap to talk to new people. Google+ makes it easier to do that. If Facebook ditched their awful feed concept, I would use it more, but right now Google+ is my go to platform. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ I'll second that never encountering much spam on Google+ part, at least compared to Facebook. I'm admin on a couple of user groups on Facebook and this week I had to ban at least 15 people for posting Malaysian child pornography videos..imagine. I mean I'd take astrology and sexy love any day over that despicable content. Timothy Vreeland I'll third it. I never see spam on G+. Where are the authors seeing it? My feed just has regular posts from my friends. Thomas Cole I get the job done from comfort of my own home, through simple projects which only needs only from you a Computer in addition to connection to the web and I am just more successful than ever before... After 6 months during this project and i got paid for overall 36,000 usd... Generally I acquire nearly 80 bucks/hr and also work for 3 to 4 hrs daily.And superb thing with this task is usually that you can also supervise time period whenever you work and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check in one week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I work from ease and comfort of my house, with quick tasks that only require from you a Computer system together with connection to the internet and I am also pleasant than ever before... After six months with this project and therefore i acquired compensated overall Thirty six Thousand dollars... Mainly I get near eighty bucks/h and also work for three to four hrs daily.And tremendous factor regarding this job is usually that you can arrange your time whenever you work and for how long as you may like and you earn a paycheck weekly........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now Michael Schaap If you make a post on Google+, and there's nobody there to read it, does it have an impact? YuCMi No, because it's probably spam. YuCMi Google+ doesn't have any quality content in their trending page. At one point I wondered if it could emulate Reddit, but there's no -1 button or a way to block all the cringe teenager oriented communities. If only Google+ let their users decide what they want to see. Instead you have absolute garbage trending. Dmitry Stepanushkin IMPORTANT - You could be entitled up to £3,160 in compensation from mis-sold PPI on a credit card or loan. Please reply PPI for info or STOP to opt out. Just kidding😂 Lord Argyris That black magic specialist stuff seems to be the in thing for spammers these days. I've seen it several other places lately. Robin Hugli I use Google + a lot, not as social media but for all community for apps , beta apps community and all Android roms and development community or all popular tech news website etc , it's really good and quite active. But that's true,if a community for example become less active, like an app community that isn't updated often and the community become a bit dead , it become a spam place , many spam posts as the moderator isn't active. It's quite sad. What I suggested: on telegram, the owner of the chat can add administrators bots , that can detect spam or unsuitable post , automatically delete those posts , ban or warm people. That can be very useful on Google plus. Ryan Its really hard to care at this point. Google+ had some decent ideas around social but it was too late to the game so they "forced" people onto the platform by moving services that shouldn't have been there onto there. I only had G+ for photos and sharing location (when they stripped latitude from Google Maps). And both of those rolled out with LESS functionality as a part of G+ than they did prior. Right or wrong by being forced to use G+ to get them AND the stripped functionality it created a negative association with G+ for me. I was ready for G+ to die from day one and was glad when it did (died as in I can finally uninstall the app because Google isnt forcing me into it). That was the day that location sharing returned to where it should have been all along, Google Maps. Now I have to look forward to the failure of Allo/Duo so Google can return to a real all-in-one messaging platform like what Hangouts was becoming. Sadly it will probably be 3 years from now and nobody will care because they will be even farther behind than they already are. Fruity101079 I don't know if G+ is good or not, I never understand exactly how to navigate, explore, etc... Ui doesn't seem ergonomic, for me. Allen Martin G+ is actually a great platform in terms of what it offers and from a technology standpoint. It just doesn't have ubiquity, which makes it undesirable. And it's cool to make fun of the underdog. I actually use G+ as a news feed for tech news - and most tech news sites post to it regularly (even Android Police). If it ever goes away, I won't be upset but it would be cool if it realizes potential greater than what it is. derp_cookies I'm the owner of the C++ community on Google+ with just over 100,000 users. Spam is absolutely insane. Granted, they're pretty good at flagging spam, but I had to switch all posts to require moderation because it was so bad. My list of banned users is tens of thousands long. They definitely have a spam problem; maybe normal folks won't notice it, and it's more of an issue with communities? Also side note: Is it possible to read a headline somewhere about Google+ without the word "dead" in it? Kieron Quinn I'm an admin of the XDA community (unofficial, 188K members), we used to have loads of spam but it's dropped significantly recently. How many moderators do you have? derp_cookies About 4 at the moment. D.Smithee *crickets* abc Good. Can't wait for it to die. One less piece of Google bloatware on my phone. Gabby Now if we could only get the same examination of Disqus spam. Almost all of it looks so similar that their continuing failure to block it makes me suspect they are actually profiting from the spam somehow. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 111 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 111 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.364s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Why Google Lens Should Push Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Past $1,000 GOOGL stock is reaping the rewards of the company's latest innovations By Chris Fraley, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 30, 2017, 10:27 am EDT Get GOOGL alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Why Google Lens Should Push Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Past $1,000 Why Chesapeake Energy Might Be Out of Rallies Recent Posts: Why Google Lens Should Push Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Past $1,000 Why Chesapeake Energy Might Be Out of Rallies Will Target Corporation (TGT) Stock Survive the New Retail Reality? View All Posts Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL) held its 10th annual developers’ conference last week. And while a lot of the talk at such a tech-heavy conference can be too jargon-y, too difficult to comprehend or too boring to the lay (read: non-developer) person, there was one meaty, easy-to-understand product that could potentially push GOOGL stock above $1,000 a share — perhaps as early as next week! Source: Shutterstock It’s called the Google Lens. It’s a technology that allows you to search for things with your smartphone camera. Borrowing CEO Sundar Pichai’s examples in his conference keynote speech, with the Lens you can point your smartphone at a flower and it will automatically tell you what species it is, or at a restaurant and it will immediately spit back reviews, or at a person speaking a different language and it will translate for you. You can also play music, buy tickets or add events to your calendar through Google Lens. Pretty nifty! Google Lens Is the Latest GOOGL Stock Catalyst The Google Lens won’t be available in Google Photos until later this year, and will later be incorporated into Google Assistant. But the mere announcement of yet another innovative artificial intelligence product should engender enough good will on Wall Street to push GOOGL stock above $1,000. Already trading at a record $995 a share (and climbing), it would take only a very small push to get Alphabet Inc to the rarefied four-digit mark. Considering the stock is up 4% in the last week, that doesn’t seem like much of a stretch — more of an inevitability. But here’s the thing: big round numbers scare people, particularly investors. It’s why the Dow Jones Industrial Average took months to break through the 20,000-point barrier, and why so few stocks have made it to $1,000 over the years. Because of that, the jump to $1,000 may be a bigger obstacle than you’d think. Or at least it would be for a lesser stock. Right now, however, GOOGL stock is the toast of Wall Street, up more than 17% in the last three months. Stellar first-quarter earnings helped. So has a bull market that has lifted all boats since the presidential election in November, though GOOGL has undoubtedly been one of the leaders of that rally of late. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/alphabet-inc-googl-stock-past-1000/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Next 5 Years 7 Dividend Stock Picks That Make the Grade 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High WWDC: 10 Biggest Apple Reveals Ever 10 High-Tech Gifts Dad Will Love ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High 4 Coal Stocks That Are in Danger, With or Without Trump Most Popular 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Dead Wrong 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt New Google Tab Surfaces Personal Data in Search Results By David Roe | May 30, 2017 CHANNEL: Information Management Holiday weekends aren't normally a time when vendors upgrade or release new products. However, this Memorial Day weekend, Google made an exception. It added a new Personal Tab to its search engine to help users find personal information more effectively. Reports of the tab started surfacing on Friday, with reports of new search results which show content from an individual's Gmail account, Google Photos library and calendar. Get Personal with Search Results Unlike the regular Google search, which provides users a list of links related to the search term, these results come directly from your Google accounts. According to reports, personal ads may also appear in these results. The tab can be found under the ‘More’ option on the search page and surfaces everything related to a keyword in email messages, calendar events and photos. It works on both desktop and mobile for those with access. The results come with the reassurance that "Only you can see these results." In spite of the reassurance, there's an obvious problem here: and one that could deepen the controversy over vendor's use of personal data to create personalized advertising. Google Moves Once Again Raise Privacy Questions However, given that Mountain View, Calif.-based-Google admitted a long time ago its practice of machine-scanning data found in a person’s email to develop personalized advertising, it is likely it will also use the data and search terms provided through the ‘Personal’ tab to do the same. Some might argue this existing data access makes any concerns about privacy too little, too late. That said, Google search engine can’t prioritize all the information in your personal account — unless, of course, you start feeding search terms into the engine. This isn't all that Google has been up to recently that could land it in trouble with data and privacy regulators, especially in Europe. At the recent I/O conference Google spent a good deal of time promoting and discussing its new Lens service. Lens isn’t availed to consumers yet, but it will land soon — maybe even too soon for those concerned about privacy. Len uses machine learning to identify real-world objects using the camera of a telephone. It then places the object in context, identifies its location and surfaces content directly related to the object. Google is already under scrutiny by the European Union over changes it made to its privacy policy last year which claimed users’ activities on other sites “may be associated with your personal information.” This effectively allowed Google to combine users’ browsing data from third-party websites with the individuals’ Google search and email data. While Google gives existing users the option to opt-in or out, it indicates Google and other large vendors with access to personal information are looking for ways to turn that data into revenues. Google is rolling out the new tab slowly. It doesn’t appear to be available in Europe yet — and doesn’t currently integrate with other Google offerings such as Google Drive, but that could change in the future.  0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments What Drove Acquia's Leadership Change? Is SAP Empathy Promise Enough to Regain Customer Trust? What the Jive Acquisition Means for the Community Industry That 'Digital Strategy' You Keep Talking About? It's Just Business Strategy 10 Digital Workplace Trends Shaping the Future of Work New Google Tab Surfaces Personal Data in Search Results DynamicPoint Updates SharePoint Portal, More News How to Protect Workflows When They Cross Enterprise Boundaries Chef Pushes Cloud-Native, Container-First Environments with Updates SAP Expands Cloud Partnership with Google, More from SAPPHIRE Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags advertising, email, email management, european union, google, google ads   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources Digital Workplace Conference Digital Customer Experience Summit Document Management Software Digital Experience Newsletter Selecting a Web CMS Sitecore Consultant What is the Digital Workplace? View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events Jun 6 [CMSWire Webinar] The Very Strange Future of Mobile Jun 8 [Aragon Research Webinar] Empower Your Business to More Effectively Serve Your Customers Jun 19 Digital Workplace Experience Chicago 2017 Jun 27 [CMSWire Webinar] Customer Experience is a Team Sport Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a leading, native digital publication produced by Simpler Media Group, Inc. We provide articles, research and events for sophisticated professionals driving digital customer experience strategy, evolving the digital workplace and creating intelligent information management practices. The CMSWire team produces 450+ authoritative articles per quarter for our 750,000 community members. Join us as a subscriber. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DW Experience Conference DX Summit Conference Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles What Drove Acquia's Leadership Change? view comments Is SAP Empathy Promise Enough to Regain Customer Trust? view comments What the Jive Acquisition Means for the Community Industry view comments That 'Digital Strategy' You Keep Talking About? It's Just Business Strategy view comments 10 Digital Workplace Trends Shaping the Future of Work view comments Recent Comments © 2017 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6353.82. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
PhoneDog Android And Me TodaysiPhone NEW Call T-Mobile at (855) 668-8976 TmoNews Unofficial T-Mobile Blog, News, Videos, Articles and more Navigation Home Submit News 700MHz LTE map Upcoming Phones HOT TOPICS: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LG V20 Google Pixel Extended Range LTE Android 7.0 Nougat You are here: Home > T-Mobile offers to pay for Verizon switchers’ phones, two-lines-for-one deal also coming T-Mobile offers to pay for Verizon switchers’ phones, two-lines-for-one deal also coming May 24, 2017 Alex Wagner 108 Comments Yesterday T-Mobile CEO John Legere teased that T-Mo had multiple announcements coming up, and today a couple of them have been made. Starting May 31st, T-Mobile will kick off its #GetOutoftheRed promotion to help Verizon customers switch to T-Mo. Verizon customers in good standing with their carrier can get their iPhone or Google Pixel paid off by T-Mobile when they switch to T-Mobile and sign up for T-Mobile One, and they can keep their existing device. The phones that qualify for this promotion include the iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Google Pixel, and Google Pixel XL. T-Mobile says that these devices were selected because “phones need certain software to be globally compatible, and some phones don’t yet have that software.” Magenta does say that it’s working with unspecified device makers to make more phones compatible with this promotion. Additionally, Verizon customers switching to T-Mobile must add T-Mo’s Premium Device Protection Plus insurance plan to their device to qualify. This insurance plan costs $15 per month and includes protection against loss, theft, and accidental damage, McAfee ID Protection, McAfee Content Protection, and other features. T-Mobile says that it’ll pay Verizon customers that take advantage of this promotion with a digital prepaid MasterCard card that typically arrives within 15 days. While this #GetOutoftheRed promotion is focused on Verizon customers (because VZW phones are unlocked), T-Mobile is doing something for AT&T and Sprint subscribers, too. Starting on May 31st, AT&T and Sprint customers can switch to T-Mobile and get their existing device paid off when they buy a new phone from T-Mobile on EIP. And unlike Carrier Freedom, those customers won’t be forced to trade in their existing device. Finally, T-Mobile says that starting tomorrow, May 25th, T-Mobile One customers with at least two voice lines can get two additional lines of service for the price of one. The cost of the second line will be offset by a bill credit. Our friends over at Wirefly have a great tool to compare T-Mobile plans against each other and against other plans on the market. Source: T-Mobile Tags: AT&T, Get Out of the Red, Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone SE, John Legere, Sprint, Verizon About Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content for PhoneDog Media. Arsenal, beer, video games. Can be found on Twitter at @alw. View all posts by Alex Wagner → ← T-Mobile Galaxy S6 edge+ update includes security patches, intermittent call failure fix T-Mobile increases deprioritization threshold to 32GB → resource Bill credits, run for your life! (J²) Right… I’d found that the system doesn’t consistently apply these. TylerCameron Yeah their billng process it’s horrible Steve_NYC So true. I actually considered moving to the T-Mobile One Plan even though it would have cost me more money, just to get away from the insanity of their bill credit process. I finally got things straightened out, but I am sure it will be a problem in the future. It’s gotten to the point that I think it’s deliberate. Mike I had a free line from November that I had to call in every month. to get credit. They finally fixed it to be automatic this month. best part I got extra bill credits for months since last November and my bill is now negative so I didn’t have to make a payment this month. Al William So in order to get the free line, you need to have at least a total of 4 voice lines? Corey Jalette You need to have 2 voice lines to get this promo, which you get 2 lines for the price of 1. So in total you end up woth 4 lines, 1st 2 have to be voice, the 2 you’re adding could be whatever you want. So if you’re on the 2/100 plan right now if you add 2 tablets it would be 120 a month (20 per tablet but 1 is free) or if you add 2 voice lines it would be 140 (40 for adding a 3rd line then 4th is free) Al William Thanks for the clarification! So minimum 2 voice lines and the other 2 could be voice or data. I just wish they get rid of these bill credits. Sometimes it’s such a nightmare. Corey Jalette It can be yes but that’s how pretty much everything is done. Just like they had a free line deal in march it’s listed on my account as a free line on us but I still get the charge on my bill, but it’s auto credited. The only time it wasn’t was the first month because I added it before the end of the billing cycle. Cost $49 but they also credited my account manually that one time. Haven’t had an issue since. AWasserberg7 This article mentions Magenta. What *is* Magenta? Is that some cute term of affection for T-Mobile? kev2684 Are you serious? It’s their brand color. VZW = Red AT&T = Blue T-Mobile = Magenta Sprint = Yellow Nobody Special Cricket (umm, green) lol Genecio MetroPCS= Purple Black&Orange= Boost The Waz Just confirmed by T-Force that if you have a 2 for 100 plus a “this ones on us promo” giving you total 3 lines, you will lose your free line if you take advantage of the promotion of 2 for 1 tomorrow. They stated that they have to move you to a different Tmobile One plan….makes no sense since there is only 1 plan…… Corey Jalette This is ONLY if you’re adding a voice line people. If you’re adding tablet/smartwatch/mobile Internet plans that doesn’t affect your phone plan promo of 2/100. Corey Jalette Add 2 tablets with unlimited data on your plan for $20/month. They frequently have a free tablet promo with qualifying data plan. Snatch those up and you’re golden. The Waz Yes this will affect both. IF you have the 2 for 100 and the “this one is on us” free line….you will lose both promotions…confirmed with t force and John directly. Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. Yea this is very strange Corey Jalette Not the case, I was able to add 1 more tablet line to my plan for half off yesterday. 2/100 all in promo with 1 free tablet line from March. Now 1 more tablet at half off. 4/$110 not including any kickbacks which both phone lines usually stay under 2gb so 4/$90 now. Had to pay the sim/activation charge of $25 +tax, and my first month will cost about $40 for adding midway through billing cycle. Then $10 or less(if kickback is on). Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. So yea im wondering is anyone can find a loophole or something Andrew Singleton the reason is that you’re on a 2-line promotional plan paying $20 less than everyone else, and you’ve added a line. since you’re unable to add another line on that plan, you are forced to switch to a 3+ line plan, and that will cause activation-related discounts to drop. Corey below is correct, because internet lines (tablet, watch, syncup drive) are their own rate plan and don’t affect your voice configuration. Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. J Gerard Yeah! Let’s switch to T-MOBILE because we want to not be able to make phone calls half the time, and not have a signal to look something up when we actually need it. Oh yeah, and to not be able to upload pictures of something fun that we’re doing until we’re at home connected to WiFi later that night or the next day. Before any of you “magenta” fans TRIES to defend them… I’ve been a Verizon customer for about 12 years except for 6 months last year, when I switched because of crappy TMobile’s cheap prices and convincing (misleading) advertising. It was HORRIBLE. I used to get pissed and call them to ask why I could never get a signal. After 6 months, I finally admitted to myself that it was a ridiculous mistake and switched back to The Red! NEVER any issues with Verizon’s service. Never. “Magenta” is only good at talking a big game. If anyone’s thinking about switching to T-Mobile, DON’T DO IT. They are the worst. Go to any other carrier. Doesn’t have to be Verizon. kev2684 It’s all about location, location, location. Just because your area is bad, doesn’t mean everybody will have the same problem as you. J Gerard … EXCEPT that I live in a city. Oh, and Verizon’s coverage is flawless here. I happen to also know (through friends) that AT&T and Sprint are good here, too. Oh, but it’s all about location, location, location. Weak argument. T-Mobile just sucks! There’s a reason it’s so CHEAP! Austin8480 … OK JGerard. Next time, PLEASE use all capital letters to truly get YOUR point across. What I find PATHETIC is that you are a die hard Verizon turd in a TMobile blog. Oh wait, I meant Verizon TURD. Forgot to emphasize that. NOBODY in this room gives a flying —- about your opinion because you slummed it for 6 months and went to Magenta and it was as big of a mistake as…well, I will let you figure it out. J Gerard You were so busy typing a 3rd grade level post that you forgot to make a point. Here’s one for you: T-Mobile is inferior to almost all other carriers. Austin8480 If T-Mobile is so inferior, why are you even giving this blog the time of day. Are you upset that no kids want to hop in your van and eat your chocolate, so you are going to take out your frustrations on the inferior wireless network? thepanttherlady *Tip* Starbursts don’t melt :D theseanteam The hate is strong in this one. Those six months must have really scarred you or something. When you say almost all other carriers, which ones are you referring to? There are only four major carriers after all. And actually, that argument about location is a pretty strong one. T-Mobile’s network is the fastest in many locations, but can be really poor (or even non-existent) in others. The same can be said about everyone–including Verizon. Every carrier has their strong and weak areas. For someone to deny such would have to either be 1) ignorant 2) biased beyond belief or 3) troll. yankeesusa Yea, it still amazes me that people complain about coverage and then lump everyone else in america as having the same coverage, like we all live in the same area. Oh well. People never learn. I’m just happy tmobile works for me and that my data speeds are the highest iv’e ever had. At my house i’m getting close to 100megs almost every time. But hey i guess that’s not good enough for some. thepanttherlady I moved to Crestline a couple of weeks ago. No service. :'( kev2684 I had to google where that is lol :D Yeah it’s rural Ohio but I suppose Band 12 is coming? I’ve seen sightings on Band 12 in Jacksonville, FL lately as well as other parts of the country it’s currently not available. They’re probably working on it at the moment. thepanttherlady Sorry, I should have been more specific. It’s Crestline, CA. I made the same mistake when I called a county office but only Googled Crestline. Guy was really confused as they don’t have my address there. Took me a minute to figure out he was in Ohio. LOL kev2684 You’re literally live in a mountain! Views must be spectacular! thepanttherlady Some of them really are. :) Zacamandapio Verizon here we gooooooo. By the way, we went to Lake Gregory. :) thepanttherlady I’m literally 7 minutes from there. Went there 2 weekends ago to check it out. Water level is a little on the low side. Met a couple that same night that said they’d drained it for some reason and cited “water politics” because I guess the locals aren’t happy about it. Drove up from the Hesperia side this past Saturday and got to see Lake Silverwood. Will have to check it out this summer. Nice drive but hated seeing so many dead trees. :( ETA: I had to get Frontier (Verizon) internet so I could actually use my cell phone. What really sucks is: 1. I literally just got a hotspot through T-Mobile a month ago when they were offering another free line. It’s unusable. 2. I now HAVE to buy phones that have WiFi calling. Blah! thepanttherlady From the day we moved in 5/7: http://imgur.com/UQHsBZF http://imgur.com/t9Z64Q3 http://imgur.com/tm7ReiU And the lake :) http://imgur.com/1YUxwV9 http://imgur.com/tnGMcoq http://imgur.com/zhY16YK http://imgur.com/eaXr58H http://imgur.com/JO9BHJW Sharti24 Who will you be switching to? thepanttherlady I’m not switching. Yet anyway. I lose service 1/2 way up (or down) the mountain so I’ll probably have to get a very cheap pre-paid service/phone for emergencies in case I break down. Not all turnouts have a call box. I still work in Orange County and T-Mobile works fine most places I go. If it starts to be a problem then I’ll have to consider my options. Sharti24 Have tmobile send you a range extender. Not the one you plug into the internet but the one that has two boxes that boosts signal Berzerker Yeah, if you live in Bumblefuck, Montana, don’t switch. Greg Piller Shoot, I just signed up in Montana for TMO. Guess I’m “bumblefucked” lol. I have traveled to every state and been in EVERY U.S. major city multiple times living in every timezone and 11 states. My goodness you have a warped idea of “crap state”. Montana is paradise partner. You have to be from either NYC or California with that f’ed up mentality. He is right & not just in “crap” places but a lot of places like Chicago, IL where I was born and raised. Verizon & AT&T ARE better, Considerably better now in most places but TMO is gaining on them quickly & may reach parity in a few years. When THAT happens if TMO is still competitive, one would have to be a lunatic to stay with AT&T or Verizon. Berzerker …lol. I never said Montana was a “crap state.” It’s the easiest thing to think of when you think of wilderness where you won’t have service for miles. I could have picked a bunch of states, but Montana has, IIRC, the smallest habitation of humans to state ratio, behind Alaska of course. Easy target. Greg Piller To me 4 lines for $120 with TMO is enough of a savings to ditch AT&T. Verizon & AT&T and some of their customers can be arrogant & I think John Legere is one helluva CEO. I can pick up a burner sim with AT&T’s Cricket when I travel a bit and use it until TMO improves in Montana & then it’s sianara to ATT. Happy to be back with TMO. I was formerly a customer since the Voicestream days but when I moved west couldn’t keep them. Their coverage improvement in Montana & the nation as a whole with him at the helm has been nothing short of INCREDIBLE. I hope if the Sprint deal happens Legere is retained as CEO. mreveryphone Hummm… I travel the country for my job and I rarely have issues with T-Mobile… Is it perfect?? No… But no carrier is.. Verizon worked out for you, that’s great. T-Mobile works for millions, that’s also great. But this butt hurt rant is ridiculous and pure comedy! J Gerard “butt hurt rant” is kind of a dumb way to describe what I’m saying. But, I’ll consider the source, eh? Do you know ANYONE who thinks that T is better than V? Nope. So, the difference between us is that I choose to have a better service and I’m willing to pay a little more for it. You are cheap, and you’re willing to have an inferior service because it’s cheaper. That’s it. You know Verizon is better than T-Mobile Francisco Peña Anyone switching carriers should NEVER just switch without taking advantage of the initial return period. I was with VZW for yrs myself. Loved it, with my UDP that was grandfathered. Even went through one wave of price hikes to stay. Then the wife wanted a non-feature phone, and the price hike for her would have boosted out then $108 monthly payment, to $160 once we got a basic data plan, her line access fee (joke) and a new phone. So I looked into TMo. I purposely bought a phone the yr before that worked with Tmo and VZW (moto X DE) and signed up for one line of TMo, switched my Moto to Tmo and reactivated an older LTE phone I had back on VZW. Then I went around for a week doing speed tests everywhere I went. Stuck in traffic? speed test. Both side by side on the seat. Mall? yup, side by side in my hands. Work? yup. Home? yup. I hated VZW at work because my Moto could never get a signal inside the building, which caused my battery to die quickly each day. TMo? got a strong signal. Home, both were weak, but about the same. Driveway? same. So after 10 days, I went in to TMo and switched. Got 2 new phones (had a deal on G4s then) and was spending $140 for 2 lines/10GB each (was the $100/2L/10GB deal) with those phones. Has it been perfect? no. Has it been enough to switch back? no. After some finagling, got a $70 plan with 6GB each for 2 lines. Then have gotten a free line on top of that.. so now I pay $130 for 3 lines, with 6GB each (two don’t come close, mine has Stash so I’m good) and 2 new G6 phones. So for the price, its awesome. Can I deal with some poor service on the outskirts of town? sure. Oh, that Moto X? got it on the 3rd line… theseanteam I don’t think anyone has ever claimed that T-Mobile has better coverage than Verizon, but the point is it has the same quality of coverage in many places. Where I live, T-Mobile has equal coverage and faster speeds. It might not be like that for you, as everyone’s experience will vary. I’m sure if others suffered with bad service, they would switch carriers as well. But your superiority complex is just silly. mreveryphone I know plenty of people that think T-Mobile is better than VW… And I know people that think the opposite, it depends where you live. The service was inferior for you but not for me by any means… I appreciate the cheap name calling, I’ll be cheap all day if it means saving money but getting better service FOR ME… I’ve had service in buildings where others on VW had 0, I’ve smoked people on VW in data speeds tests so I’ll be cheap all day long!! Lol Vazaha There’s an unwritten agreement when you join T-Mobile that you will refrain from living in or going to crappy places. If you live in a decent place T-Mobile is fine. If T-Mobile sucks in your area, you know why :). Vazaha But seriously, I’m always envious of ATT and V when I go to crap places. tranceformer978 Why are you going to crap places? Melissa Cardenas Well what the hell are you doing on this website then? This is a T-Mobile forum obviously most people on here have T-Mobile and they Happy with it so they ain’t gonna listen to you . T-Mobile did not work in my old house so i had Verizon. Now in my new house Verizon don’t work at all and i had to get T-Mobile again because T-Mobile works here fine , So no carrier is perfect. It all depends on location!! J Gerard I get tech news alerts on my phone and things like this come up sometimes and I click on them. I believe that’s allowed! Apparently, what’s not allowed here is proper grammar and punctuation. I almost had to have your post translated in order to read it, but I figured it out eventually. Where did you go to school? Melissa Cardenas What ever im in a hurry and didn’t have time to spell check .But seriously don’t change the subject i don’t get why people like you come talk trash on a T-Mobile forum. ?? Makes no sense haha . And what ever im PRETTY sure you understood fine what i wrote in my first comment. Bull that you almost had to get it translated. Omar Boyer Melisa hes just being an idiot haha i understood perfectly well your first post. And i see they gave u some thumbs up on that first post so others also understood you no need to translate it . Ignore this lowlife with nothing to do. If he wants to stop making an Azz out of himself he should just block the notifications he gets from here. Melissa Cardenas i have better things to worry about ;) omar. And like you said he should just turn off notifications from here then. Eric Harlow Don’t give J Gerard the satisfaction in getting a reaction out of you and allow him to control the situation don’t dumb down to his level Eric Harlow Get off Melissa Cardenas butt about grammar here. This is a forum! Not a college message board or an college English Composition course. T-mobile has improved drastically within the last 3 years. T-mobile works for me out here in San Diego and in my future home in Missoula, Montana. I have mental disabilities that I got serving in The US Navy for twenty years and I dislike your comments towards Melissa Cardenas. This is a T-mobile fan website to discuss peacefully about T-mobile, so get your BIG RED DUMB AND DUMBER ASS OUT OF HERE. Andrew Addison You just made my night with that bomb diggity comment towards that boozo the snow clown filled with stuffy nose, trying to come off as English weirdo professor correcting people on their grammar fool there Bro. Is this guy here serious right now? He had no reason to talk down to someone like that and also talk down on the finest company/carrier, advising everyone to stay away from the best carrier/company which that one being T-Mobile-MetroPCS. We will forever be way Better in USA than any other carrier would have been. Eric Harlow OOH REALLY!!! HOW AWESOME!! Glad I made your night! RLB63 I actually feel sorry for you. How miserable your life must be for you to spend so much time on a site of a company you seem to hate so much. Cellphone companies aren’t making political statements. Seem way to smart for that. Don’t attack social issues. Attacking T-Mobile worth while to you and to spend so much time. You must not have anything better to do with your life. Eric Harlow I think you were supposed to reply back to J Gerard not me. I have been a T-mobile customer for over ten years and I am happy to be a T-mobile customer. Haze1nut English is a 3rd language for me, behind French and Portuguese. Correct my grammar for me, will you. It obviously makes you feel superior. Ascertion You think everyone that switches to T-Mobile can’t “Make calls half of the time”? You’re out of your mind! Tony Chen agreed, t mobile has gained millions of customers each quarter. if the drop calls were so bad why would t mobile gain 100% of new customers agaIN? another blockbuster quarter by t mobile. moonoverparma Funny, I’ve never had a problem. Nobody Special Several years ago i had a verizon phone (when the iphone’s came out they were the only one that were selling them with unlimited data at that time) and i had T-Mobile flip phone that i was using to make international calls. I have to admit, Verizon was more reliable than T-Mobile during my cell phone usage. I chose T-mobile over Verizon because of many reasons…. but it was never due to their coverage, because their coverage was horrible… but since then their coverage has improved. But i switched primarily due to the inexpensive international calls. That was a deal breaker for me, i was content with the terrible coverage with anticipation that they would improve their service. and with Verizon i was paying around $89 dollars for unlimited data and text and 450 minutes of voice calls. my tmobile line (from what i can remember) was around $78 dollars for unlimited talk and text and data. But fastforward to today, I have 5 Unlimited Everything (data/text/voice) lines with unlimited international calling (mobile+landlines) and international text for a low cost of $110 plus taxes and fees. Believe me i checked, Verizon or AT&T have nothing in comparison to what i have with T-Mobile. And i am not bashing you or Verizon at all, Verizon does have a more reliable coverage area but in the end i sided with T-Mobile over Verizon. If Verizon ever came up with incredible deals like T-Mobile has been doing almost every month i wouldnt turn down a great opportunity. RECAP: Verizon “Better Coverage” T-Mobile “Better Prices” It all boils down to what are you comfortable with. Im comfortable with crappy coverage. And My T-Mobile calls do drop often, but what i do is (i press redial) GOTCHA :) Gust OK so here’s the deal. In the morning when you wake up if you have T-Mobile you have to get up take a shower have breakfast shave go outside of your house in other to make a phone call. If you have AT&T or Verizon in the morning when you wake up you can reach for your cell phone and make a phone call. It is that simple. But you know what I have T-Mobile because over one year it saves me about $200 as compared to AT&T or Verizon. So I put up with the crap! Timothy Poplaski T-Mobile supports WiFi calling. You don’t have home WiFi? DM725 How do you not have wifi calling enabled? Maybe you need to buy a phone from the last 2 years… (My Motorola Nexus 6 Supported Wifi Calling….) RLB63 They have equipment they they will ship out for free with a deposit that will boost their signal on your house if you don’t have Wi-Fi calling. My phone automatically switches on Wi-Fi when I get home. Not for signal or to save data. It’s because with all the talk that cell signals MIGHT cause cancer why risk it? It is able to enable Wi-Fi, and it disables it when I leave the house. So that might be an option if you have Wi-Fi…. Phone Guy All lies. So funny, yet sad. yankeesusa LOL, not everyone lives where you live and have bad coverage with tmobile. 4 years ago i would have never used tmobile, now i no longer have sprint and got rid of my verizon line because tmobile is great for me where i live and work. I just recently drove across florida,georgia,nc and tennesse and had no issues. I was able to test it side by side with an att phone and the whole time both phones had coverage except up in the smokies near newfound gap where no one has signal. Don’t lump everyone in the same pile just because it doesn’t work for you. DM725 LoL, where the hell do you live? eanfoso The only one after verizon is at&t because we know that sprint and us cellular sucks more than t mobile Andrew Singleton T-Mobile has the lowest churn rate (people trying it and leaving) of all carriers. Could you please explain why? J Gerard Ha! Oh, I promise you I don’t feel like an idiot surrounded by people who work themselves up into a breathless rant trying to defend a crappy service. gmo8492 Crappy for who exactly, churn has gone down to record lows and T-Mobile has over 73 million subs, so if it doesn’t work out you can switch. Brad C It’s not for everyone, but has worked damn well for me for 12yrs.. I *actually* tried Verizon a few months ago, and came back after two weeks after awful LTE performance JG You’re cracking me up reading your comments! I have TMo and put up with their spotty coverage because I’m paying less per month staying with them. I can admit that. There is alot I enjoy about TMo, but dropped calls and dead zones IS a reality. I have a band 12 phone in metro PHX. Not sure why others feel the need to berail someone who doesn’t agree with them just for argument’s sake. Timothy Poplaski Because you aren’t saying, “Bad coverage in PHX”, you’re saying “Bad coverage”. I can drive for at least an hour in any direction and have solid coverage. It all depends on where you live, and you’re phone. Even phones with band 12 won’t all have the same results because some phones get better reception than others. So, I won’t even argue about coverage in PHX. Never been there, likely never will, so it just doesn’t matter to me. My excellent coverage probably doesn’t matter to you. It’s all about where you use your phone. navi harriram Dude you could of tested the network out on a $10 weekly plan or $3 daily. You don’t buy cell phone service every day so do the work. The sales rep just wants a commission check so they’ll say anything to get you to switch. That’s why I don’t work for wireless companies anymore. Too much bull to deal with yankeesusa Not everyone is defending a company that may or may not work depending on where you live. But many people actually do research and pick a company that specifically works for your needs depending on your area. I had verizon and sprint before tmobile and i have never ever gotten the speeds i get now not to mention i have great coverage ‘WHERE I LIVE”, YOU SEE, that’s the important thing, i researched and made sure it worked for me. I don’t just blindly select a company just because their commercial says so. Screamin That’s strange because T-Mobile has been #1 in customer service AND satisfaction for well over 2 years now… and yes, that includes coverage. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) I am thinking about switching to Verizon due to poor coverage. In San Diego area I get one to bars. I moved from Minnesota and T-mobile coverage in MN is excellent there with all bars. In San Diego it’s very poor in some areas. When iPhone 8 is release I am switching to Verizon. I love T-mobile plans but coverage in my area is poor. Sharti24 Agreed. On base (32nd street) forget about tmobile coverage. sprint excels on 32nd. go over to corando island its even worse! just throw your phone over board. no tmobile coverage on the air base at all. im using an iphone 6s Band 12 which is deployed in SD yankeesusa I agree, if in your area tmobile is not good and is affecting productivity or just not letting you use your phone to its fullest your’e better off changing. I have great coverage where I live and work and when i travel over 99% of the time i have no issues. But i got my wife on cricket which is att so for the times where tmobile may not get signal i have the att towers just in case. I’m on an old grandfathered single line plan that allows work discount so i’m keeping as long as i can. Screamin Sometimes it’s not always the cell coverage causing the issue, but the phone itself, especially if it’s an older device that supports fewer cell bands. With T-Mobile’s latest acquirement of spectrum you can expect a huge improvement in cell signal, both in range and structure penetration, within the year. Of course you can switch if you want, but they’re only going to get better. They’ve more than doubled the coverage in the past 2 years and have just as much coverage as Verizon with a network that’s actually futureproof unlike the other guys. DM725 Agreed, I know people that don’t realize they are using a phone without band 12, that doesn’t have wifi calling or Volte support, and has an extremely weak antenna. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) My phone is iPhone 7 and not an old device: Andrew Singleton if you hold an iphone 7 next to a galaxy s8, the s8 will have more bars every time. that’s due to a more powerful signal on galaxies and the fact that bars don’t mean anything with low-frequency spectrum. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) My roommate is on T-mobile and his current phone is galaxy s8. We experience the same issue. RLB63 Have you talked to T-Mobile C.S.? If they get people complaining about certain areas they tend to look into those areas. Is it outside or inside or both where you have problems? Inside out could be the building. They can seems you a device to boost the signal for your phone. Patel Nisha You couldn’t pay me to use a iPhone . And why would I switch Verizon to T-unmobile. So I can have a sub par data connection with hardly any coverage…. Andrew Why are you on TmoNews, then? Andrew Addison Lol I was just thinking the exact same thing. Lol DM725 I’m sorry you live in a place that T-Mobile doesn’t prioritize. Here in NY, we have no such issues. Andrew Singleton the offer is also good for pixels, and you don’t know anything about the network. in 1 year, verizon will wish it had t-mobile’s network. browne81 I cavy take this anymore. There is always someone in these forums going miss information. I have to speak up. As awhole some networks are better than others. I’m not going to get into my opinion on which is better nation wide. What I will say is this. The best carrier is the one that works where you frequent the most. No matter what carrier a person loves there is another person out there that thinks it terrible. So all these people saying bad things about T-Mobile should get the facts straight. Lastly I due example I don’t like sprint but I know there are people that have a great time with them. You don’t see me on a sprint site saying how bad they are. Is my spelling perfect no. Is my grammar perfect no. It’s this a college paper? No. So I really don’t care. AJ2 still waiting for them to do a $50 deal for single customers. browne81 They have a prepaid plan for 45 Sharti24 4 for $100 sounds better Line 1 $50 Line 2 $75 Line 3 $90 Line 4 $100 John De Leon I have Verizon and would switch IF T-Mo had better in-building coverage. Several of my fellow employee friends have T-Mo and they have horrible coverage in our work locations. They have to step outside to recieve/make calls. Chris Siegell I don’t see the Galaxy S8+ mentioned? You would think that this phone would be “globally compatible” for the switch? Ming Chang Chuang did they say how long to keep the T-Mo’s Premium Device Protection Plus insurance plan? Can i remove this coverage after 2 months? Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Home Phone Service Savings popular topics Android Data Featured News/Articles Rate plans Rumors Site announcements Software updates T-mobile Promotions Tablet Tips and Tricks Upcoming Phones Upcoming Services Windows Phone PhoneDog Samsung debuts Pirates of the Caribbean Galaxy S8 Google Photos can suggest photos for you to archive AT&T offering $10 DirecTV Now to Unlimited Choice customers LG Pay officially launches Verizon launching new prepaid plans on June 6th T-Mobile launching two iPhone deals today ZTE Nubia Z17 debuts with Snapdragon 835, up to 8GB of RAM Android And Me SUCCESS : automatic purge url cache SUCCESS : automatic purge url cache Google Photos gains ability to suggest Verizon will update its prepaid plans Google plans to block ads in Chrome TodaysiPhone Today is the last day to purchase Apple’s Australian banks officially denied right iPhone 7 will now be officially available iFixit teardown finds that new low-cost Apple Pay now launching in Taiwan with App Store approval now rejecting applications Apple released a number of security About PhoneDog PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular Reviews Rumors Upcoming Phones Rate plans Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
This Plugin Shows You What the Web Is Like Without Net Neutrality This is the future conservative members of congress want. As conservative politicians and telecom lobbyists do everything in their power to roll back Obama-era net neutrality laws (including raising the dead), net neutrality advocates are getting creative with their responses. Case in point is the new 'Removal of Net Neutrality Simulator,' a plugin for the Google Chrome browser that gives users a taste of utter shittiness that is bandwidth throttling. Developed by the net neutrality group Keep Our Net Free, the simulator makes your internet speed slow to a crawl and directs users who try to access Reddit and Facebook to Myspace, YouTube to Vimeo, and Google to Bing. When users try to access any of the sites they really wanted to see, they receive a pop-up saying that the "website does not function correctly on your ISP's service" and suggests using an alternative website instead. Screengrab from 'Removal of Net Neutrality Simulator' While this simulator isn't exactly what rolling back net neutrality would look like (anti-net neutrality laws would be unlikely to affect major online corporations like Google, Facebook or Netflix), it does do a great job of driving home how much worse the general online experience would be if conservative members of Congress and FCC Chairman Ajit Pai get their way. Net neutrality is basically the idea that all traffic on a network should be treated the same by an Internet Service Provider (ISP)—in other words, users on a network have access to the same amount of bandwidth whether they're visiting Motherboard's website or watching porn. But under the proposed anti-net neutrality legislation, ISPs would be able to discriminate against certain kinds of web traffic by requiring companies to pay for the privilege of greater bandwidth allocation—also known as "fast lanes"—for their online services. Furthermore, it would allow ISPs to create choke-points, which could artificially slow traffic to those sites that use the most bandwidth on a network (this would particularly affect video streaming services like YouTube or Netflix), as well as censor content that the ISP finds objectionable. Read More: Dead People are Posting Anti-Net Neutrality Comments to the FCC Website At this point, the future of net neutrality is uncertain. The FCC has opened its comment section for "Restoring Internet Freedom," Pai's proposed anti-net neutrality regulations. So far, the proposal has received over 2.5 million comments, although up to 500,000 of these may be fraudulent. The initial comment period will last until July 16 and a second commenting period will last until August 16. After that, it will be up to the FCC to make a decision about the future of the net. This Net Neutrality Simulator is a strong reminder that everyone has a stake in the future of the web. I only kept the plugin for a few minutes before getting so frustrated with the browsing experience that I had to uninstall it. But uninstalling the real anti-net neutrality paradigm wouldn't be so easy—in fact, it would be nearly impossible.
News and Press Release Distribution, Since 1995 Deliver Your News to the World Sign In Create a Free Account Home News How We Work Compare Services FAQ All WebPost WebPost PPC WebRelease Targeted Media Wire Service ASUS Showcases New Consumer and Lifestyle Products at Computex 2017 An outstanding line-up of flagship smartphones, laptops, home computing, networking products and smart-home devices on show at the ASUS booth TAIPEI, Taiwan – WEBWIRE – Tuesday, May 30, 2017 ASUS Blue Cave ASUS today showcased its latest line-up of exciting consumer and lifestyle innovations at Computex Taipei 2017, including a live demonstration of ZenFone AR  the worlds first Google Tango-enabled and Daydream-ready smartphone. The ASUS booth has four showcases where the latest flagship ZenFone smartphones, thin-and-light ZenBook and VivoBook notebooks, new X299 motherboards, stylish ProArt monitors, productive mini PCs, networking products and smart-home devices are on display. There is even one area especially for ASUS Zenbo, the first commercially available smart home robot from ASUS. The ASUS Booth is located at #L0432, Taipei Nangang Exhibition Hall. It is open from May 30  June 3, 2017, from 9:30 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. SMARTPHONES The latest ASUS ZenFone AR, ZenFone 3 Zoom and ZenFone Live smartphones are on display at the mobile devices zone. A winner of a 2017 Computex Best Choice Award, ZenFone AR is the worlds first Tango-enabled and Daydream-ready smartphone, and will be used in a live augmented reality (AR) demonstration with the BMW iVisualizer Augmented Reality app. Attendees can also experience other Google Tango AR apps, as well as a few Virtual Reality (VR) apps on the Daydream headset. ASUS ZenFone 3 Zoom ASUS ZenFone 3 Zoom has a dual camera system that captures perfect photos. It is the worlds slimmest and lightest 5.5-inch smartphone to feature a high-capacity 5000mAh battery. ASUS ZenFone Live ASUS ZenFone Live is the first smartphone to have built-in hardware-optimized, real-time beautification technology engineered into the new BeautyLive app. It provides users with high-quality livestream videos that are brighter, more beautiful and look great on social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram and YouTube. There is even a demo area for visitors to test out these new features.   LAPTOPS The new thin and light ASUS ZenBook and VivoBook laptops  including ZenBook Flip S (UX370), ZenBook Pro (UX550), ZenBook 3 Deluxe (UX490), ASUS VivoBook Pro 15 (N580) and ASUS VivoBook S15 (S510)  were announced onstage at the ASUS Computex press event. They will be joined by the following new laptops at the laptop showcase. ASUS ZenBook UX430 ASUS ZenBook UX430 is a compact 13-inch laptop with a work-friendly 14-inch NanoEdge display. It has a thin 7.18mm bezel that provides an 80 percent screen-to-body ratio for immersive viewing. ZenBook UX430 is powered by up to the latest 7th Generation Intel® Core i7 processor with up to 16GB of DDR4 RAM, up to 512GB of fast solid state drive (SSD) storage, and NVIDIA® GeForce® MX150 discrete graphics. It weighs 1.25 kg and has a thin 15.9mm profile, making it the thinnest-ever ZenBook to feature discrete graphics. ZenBook UX430 is available in Royal Blue, Rose Gold, Quartz Grey or Shimmer Gold, and features the iconic spun-metal finish. The Royal Blue and Rose Gold colors have a brand-new crystal-like coating created using an advanced nano-imprinting lithography (NIL) process. ASUS VivoBook Series Designed for immersive entertainment and daily productivity, ASUS VivoBook Series laptops are powered by 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processors with up to 16GB RAM, and feature NVIDIA GeForce 940MX graphics. They all feature a USB 3.1 Gen 1 port with a USB Type-C (USB-C) connector, and ASUS SuperBattery technology that charges a flat battery to 60% in just 49 minutes. ASUS VivoBook 14 ASUS VivoBook 14 (X405) is a 14-inch laptop that can be specified with up to a Full HD IPS panel with 178° wide-view technology and a 72 percent NTSC color gamut for more vivid and lifelike colors. VivoBook 14 X405 has a compact design with an 18.75mm-thin profile and an overall weight of just 1.3 kg. It fits a 14-inch display into a frame size of a typical 13-inch laptop. The 7.8mm NanoEdge display bezel provides a 78 percent screen-to-body ratio for more immersive viewing. In addition, VivoBook 14 X405 features dual storage with up to a 2TB of SATA HDD and 512GB of M.2 SSD, dual-band 2x2 802.11ac Wi-Fi and a fingerprint sensor with Windows Hello support. ASUS VivoBook 14 (X442) is a 14-inch laptop that can be specified with up to a Full HD display. It features a Super Multi optical disc drive (ODD), and an optional fingerprint sensor for safe and secure logins. VivoBook 14 X442 is available in Icicle Gold, Star Grey, Rouge, Pearl White and Vibrant Orange. ASUS VivoBook 15 ASUS VivoBook 15 X542 is a 15.6-inch laptop that can be specified with up to a Full HD display. It features dual storage with a 1TB SATA HDD and 256GB M.2 SSD, and an optional fingerprint sensor for safe and convenient logins. VivoBook 15 X542 is available in Icicle Gold, Star Grey, Rouge, Pearl White and Vibrant Orange. ASUS VivoBook 17 ASUS VivoBook 17 X705 is a 17.3-inch laptop that can be specified with up to a Full HD IPS display with 178° wide-view technology and a 72 percent NTSC color gamut for more vivid and lifelike colors. It features dual storage with up to a 2TB SATA HDD and 512GB M.2 SSD. ASUS VivoBook Flip 14 ASUS VivoBook Flip 14 is a 14-inch convertible laptop that features the ultra-narrow NanoEdge display bezel. The NanoEdge design fits a 14-inch Full HD display into a frame that is the size of a typical 13-inch laptop, giving VivoBook Flip 14 a 78.7 percent screen-to-body ratio and a larger display area for more immersive viewing. The Full HD display has 100 percent sRGB color gamut and 178˚ wide-view technology. VivoBook Flip 14 can be used as a laptop, tablet, or anything in between. It is powered by a 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processor with NVIDIA GeForce 930 graphics and provides all-day battery life. ASUS Transformer Mini (T103) ASUS Transformer Mini (T103) features an ultrathin design and weighs just 840g for maximum portability. This 2-in-1 Windows PC has a detachable 10.1-inch tablet display with up to 400 cd/m² brightness, 178° wide-view technology, and exclusive ASUS Tru2Life Video and TruVivid technologies for lifelike visuals. The integral full-width kickstand on the tablet features a stepless Smart Hinge that allows Transformer Mini to be positioned comfortably at viewing angles up to 170°. Transformer Mini has up to 11 hours of battery life, and supports Windows features including Cortana Wake on Voice. It also features ASUS Pen support for use with Windows Ink. Its embedded SIM (eSIM) technology makes it easy to switch mobile numbers without having to physically swap SIM cards, making it especially handy when travelling. MOTHERBOARDS New ASUS X299 motherboards and case mods ASUS unveiled the new Prime and TUF motherboard lineups featuring the latest Intel X299 chipset. Built for power users and prosumers, ASUS Prime Series motherboards represent the culmination of decades of expertise refining all aspects of motherboard technology. The new ASUS Prime X299-Deluxe board mates state-of-the-art connectivity with accessible system-wide tailored tuning options to provide a premium experience for novices and experienced users alike. ASUS TUF Series motherboards prioritize reliability and durability for PCs built to go the distance. The ASUS TUF X299 Mark 1 and Mark 2 motherboards use tougher components than their conventional counterparts, are subjected to more stringent testing and are covered by five-year warranties. For more information please click here. ASUS took the opportunity to show off two of its latest case mod projects TUF x H-Frame and Z270 Blanc  which have been inspired by the new ASUS TUF Z270 Mark 1 and ASUS Prime Z270-A motherboards. Renowned case modder Kun Fang, founder of the KuN Mod Studio, created the TUF x H-Frame case mod. Kun Fang has a passion for water-cooling, and it is seen in his build. The TUF x H-Frame case features amber-colored lighting to match TUF colors, and has an open-frame aluminum case that houses the TUF Z270 Mark 1 motherboard for the incredible cooling performance.  TUF Z270 Mark 1 has robust cooling features including Thermal Armor, TUF Fortifier and TUF intelligent software. These cooling features, together with the customized TUF-shaped water-block design and open-frame case, make this mod a tough and reliable machine for enthusiasts. Wei Zheng, better known as Ai Mask, is a well-known case modder who has been creating custom builds since 2005. His classy Z270 Blanc build perfectly portrays the form-follows-function concept of the Prime Z270 boards which maximize performance, stability and compatibility in an elegant white design. From the name Blanc to the glass chassis with white accents and internal liquid-cooling system, this mod perfectly captures the essence of Prime Z270 boards and their perfect compatibility for creating machines that can unleash raw power effortlessly and silently. HOME ROBOT ASUS Zenbo, the first commercially available home robot designed to provide assistance, entertainment and companionship to families, will also be on stage. A live demonstration will be conducted every 20 minutes and visitors to the ASUS booth can interact and have a hands-on experience with Zenbo. Zenbo won three awards at Computex 2017  Best Choice of the Year, Best Choice Golden and Computex d&i awards. DESKTOPS AND MINI PCs The latest ASUS Zen AiO and Vivo AiO models feature the new design language that combines ultra-thin design with incredible performance; while the new mini PCs feature Intel Optane technology for unmatched system responsiveness. ASUS Vivo AiO V241 and Zen AiO ZN242 ASUS Vivo AiO V241 is a stunning 23.8-inch all-in-one PC that features a Full HD NanoEdge multitouch display with wide-view technology and a near-invisible 2mm physical bezel that gives it an incredible 88 percent screen-to-body ratio. Vivo AiO V241 features exclusive ASUS Splendid, ASUS Tru2Life Video and ASUS SonicMaster technologies to deliver immersive multimedia experiences. It is a winner of a 2017 Computex d&i Award. Like Vivo AiO V241, ASUS Zen AiO ZN242 has a stylish and elegant design, with a NanoEdge display with a 2mm physical bezel2 for a 90 percent screen-to-body ratio and immersive visuals. It is powered by a 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processor with 32GB RAM, and NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 graphics. ASUS VivoMini UN65U ASUS VivoMini UN65U combines uncompromised performance in an ultra-compact chassis. It is the worlds first mini PC to be bundled with Intel Optane memory. Intel Optane memory technology is a smart and adaptable system accelerator that improves the responsiveness of VivoMini UN65U for up to 18X-faster HDD access speeds, 21 percent-faster daily computing performance, and 1.5X-faster file searches. The high-capacity HDD, coupled with Intel Optane, gives VivoMini UN65U a combination of large storage capacities and high-speed data access. VivoMini UN65U offers full-fledged desktop performance and is powered by a 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processor. Users can stream high-quality 4K UHD content via 802.11ac Wi-Fi, making VivoMini UN65U the perfect ultracompact home theater PC. It can even be connected to a TV. VivoMini UN65U has a Good Design Award-winning chassis with the iconic Zen-inspired spun-metal-effect finish, and weighs less than 700g. It is available as a barebones model and can be customized to suit a variety of needs. ASUS VivoMini VC68V ASUS VivoMini VC68V is a high-performance mini PC designed to handle intensive tasks. It is powered by a choice of desktop-grade 7th Generation Intel Core i7 or i5 processors, and features Intel vPro technology for greater security and easy remote management. A built-in amplifier and Skype-compatible function buttons allow for easy web calls and conferences, making it perfect for conference rooms and call centers. VivoMini VC68V has a versatile modular design with three configuration options. It can be specified with up to four 2.5-inch HDD/SSD for large storage capacities, making it perfect for use as a file server or media-editing platform.  Dual-storage models with an optical disc drive are ideal for daily multitasking or multimedia. The third configuration features a dual-storage design and is ideal for those looking for capable mini PC for work.  VivoMini VC68V can also be hard-bundled with the latest Intel Optane memory technology for a combination of large storage capacities and high-speed data access. In addition, the VC68V is a winner of a 2017 Computex d&i Award. ASUS VivoMini VC66D ASUS VivoMini VC66D is a compact two-liter mini PC designed for a wide range of computing tasks. It is powered by a choice of desktop-grade 7th Generation Intel Core i7, i5 or i3 processors with DDR4 memory, and features 4K UHD output via DisplayPort, HDMI and DVI. VivoMini VC66D is available in two configurations to give users the flexibility to mix and match storage options. It can be specified in a triple-storage configuration with one M.2 SSD plus two 2.5-inch SSD/HDD, or with one M.2 SSD, one 2.5-inch SSD/ HDD and an optical disc drive. VivoMini VC66D offers comprehensive connectivity, including six USB ports (with four easily-accessible front-mounted ports), an audio output jack, a 4-in-1 card reader and a serial port. Dual LAN provides network redundancy, while Desktop and Mobile Architecture for System Hardware (DASH) Standard support enables easy remote boot control and BIOS management via Open Service or the web. MONITORS ASUS ProArt PA32UC ASUS ProArt PA32UC is a 32-inch monitor with a 4K UHD IPS panel, 384-zone direct-LED backlight matrix and a peak brightness of 1000cd/m2. It features ASUS LED Driving technology for better HDR performance and optimized contrast. ProArt PA32UC features a wide color gamut of 85 percent Rec.2020, 99.5 percent Adobe RGB, 95 percent DCI-P3 and 100 percent sRGB color spaces for exceptional color fidelity. The monitor is factory-calibrated for a color accuracy value of ΔE ≤ 2, with ASUS ProArt calibration technology ensuring professional-grade color accuracy. ProArt PA32UC has two Thunderbolt 3 ports, a DisplayPort 1.2, an HDMI port and a USB 3.0 hub.   ASUS ProArt PA27AC ASUS ProArt PA27AC features a 27-inch 2560 x 1440 WQHD IPS panel and a four-sided frameless design. It provides exceptional visuals thanks to a 100 percent sRGB color space coverage and HDR 10 support. The monitor is factory-calibrated for a color accuracy value of ΔE ≤ 2, with ASUS ProArt calibration technology ensuring professional-grade color accuracy. ProArt PA27AC has two Thunderbolt 3 ports, a DisplayPort 1.2, an HDMI port and a USB 3.0 hub. ASUS Designo MZ27AQ ASUS Designo MZ27AQ features a 27-inch 2560 x 1440 WQHD IPS panel with 100 percent sRGB color coverage. This ultraslim display measures just 7mm slim at its thinnest point, and features a frameless panel design. It also features integrated ASUS SonicMaster technology, with 12W stereo speakers and an external 5W subwoofer co-developed with Harman Kardon for 2.1-channel audio. It offers a DisplayPort and two HDMI ports. The MZ27AQ is a winner of a 2017 Computex d&i Award. NETWORKING DEVICES ASUS Blue Cave ASUS Blue Cave is an elegantly designed AC2600-class dual-band smart Wi-Fi router that is the perfect match for modern multi-device homes. A specially-tuned internal antenna arrangement ensures outstanding signal strength and coverage throughout the home. A winner of a Computex 2017 Best Choice Golden Award, Blue Cave combines superb performance, commercial-grade security and family friendly features with stylish good looks. ASUS Lyra ASUS Lyra is a tri-band, tri-hub whole-home mesh Wi-Fi system that delivers complete Wi-Fi signal coverage to every corner of the home. Tri-band technology provides a dedicated band for inter-hub connections. This technology works in tandem with a smart-antenna design to automatically optimize node connections to ensure the fastest network speeds and the best signal quality. ASUS AiProtection provides enterprise-grade security; it blocks malicious sites to prevent users from being directed to links containing threats like ransomware and viruses so users smart devices and personal data stay well-protected. ASUS AiCam NightView ASUS AiCam NightView utilizes a Sony® image sensor and video processor for incredible low-light recording quality. It uses High Dynamic Range (HDR) technology to record clear, highly-detailed footage in differing lighting conditions, including backlit subjects and high-contrast settings. Unlike traditional infrared night vision cameras which only record black and white footage, AiCam NightView provides natural color images even in low light environments. All recorded footage is automatically saved on ASUS WebStorage or an SD Card. ASUS AiCam NightView has a motion-sensing feature and can be programmed to send notifications to a mobile device if any movement or sound is detected. An integrated high-quality speaker and mic support provides clear two-way audio. PROJECTORS AND OPTICAL DRIVES ASUS P3E The ASUS P3E projector features compact dimensions with a footprint no larger than a CD case, and weighs just 550 g. It has an ultra-short throw and is capable of projecting images measuring from 25 inches (0.45m) to 200 inches (3.4m) diagonally. It features a mercury-free RGB LED light source with a 30,000-hour lifespan, 800 lumens brightness and a 100 percent NTSC color gamut. The P3E features HDMI/MHL and VGA ports, and an ASUS SonicMaster-enhanced 2-watt speaker. ASUS SBW-06D3X-U ASUS SBW-06D3X-U is the worlds first external Blu-ray optical drive capable of playing 4K UHD Blu-ray movies. It has a futuristic design with ASUS Aura Sync RGB LEDs, giving it a look that goes well with gaming systems. It has a built-in fold-out stand for space-saving vertical placement. A USB 3.1 Gen 1 Type-C (USB-C) port provides fast file transfer speeds and eliminates the need for a power adapter. HEALTHCARE ASUS Vivobaby ASUS VivoBaby is a baby-monitoring system that tracks an infants skin temperature, heart rate and abdominal movements. It can be programmed to automatically alert parents to any sudden changes to the babys condition via the Vivobaby app. The international design-award-winning Vivobaby system consists of three components: the wearable Vivobaby monitoring device, the Vivobaby station for charging and communication, and the Vivobaby app for Android and iOS devices. The Vivobaby monitoring device is small, unobtrusive and made out of medical-grade materials, and it communicates with the Vivobaby station via ultralow radio frequencies. ###   NOTES TO EDITORS ASUS Global Press Room: http://press.asus.com ASUS Global Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/asus ASUS Global Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/asus   About ASUS ASUS is one of Fortune magazines Worlds Most Admired Companies, and is dedicated to creating products for today and tomorrows smart life. Our comprehensive portfolio includes Zenbo, ZenFone, ZenBook and a range of IT devices and components, along with AR, VR and IoT. ASUS employs more than 17,000 people worldwide and over 5,500 world-class R&D talents. Driven by innovation and committed to quality, the company won 4,385 awards and earned approximately US$13.3 billion of revenue in 2016.   ( Press Release Image: http://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/2/209678/209678-1.jpg ) Related Links Source WebWireID209678 This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted. News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire. Tools Printer-friendly version Email this Release Email Form Your Name Your Email Your Recipient's Name Your Recipient's Email Comments Verification Code: Please type in this box the code you see above: Send Bookmark this Release Show all del.icio.us Yahoo! Google Live Ask BlinkList Diigo Slashdot Technorati Simpy Netvouz Mister Wong Share this Release Show All Reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon Twitter Digg My Space Mixx Squidoo Newsvine Fark Blue Dot WebWire Related Industries Computer Hardware Computer Networks Computer Peripherals Consumer Electronics Electronics Distribute Your News Every day, hundreds of individuals and companies choose WebWire to distribute their news. WebWire places your news within numerous highly trafficked news search engines generating leads and publicity. Submit Your Release Now! WebWire® 1995 - 2017 About Us Terms of Service Privacy Statement
Blog Advertorial Branding Business CSS Code Demos Comics Contests Deals Design Freebies Funny Giveaway HTML How To Inspiration JavaScript Marketing Mobile News Resources Social Media Sponsored Typography UX Design Usability Web Development WordPress Freebies Deals News Web Design 7 UI Choices That Damage UX By Jake Rocheleau · Posted 6 days ago · Reading time: 6 minutes 146 342 37 User experience is one of the most important aspects of modern web design. The Google Trends graph for ux design shows how much this field has grown in recent years. Yet there are still so many websites that push certain design trends which seem like the antithesis of usability. Some are done by accident or negligence, others are done on purpose. The latter are called dark patterns and they’re typically used by marketers to meet some end goal. But as designers it’s our job to push back and fight for a great user experience. The best way to do that is by shedding light on bad practices and encouraging better ones. So let’s dive into a few of these bad UX practices to see why they exist and how they might be solved.   1. Unwanted Modals The general concept of a modal window is actually very clever. It lets developers add content over the page without using JavaScript to pop open a new tab. But modal windows are not the problem. Unwanted modals are the problem and they always drag down the user experience. I’d say there are three different types of “unwanted” modal popups: Exit intents which open when the user’s mouse leaves the page body, usually hovering the browser tab; Timed modals that open after a set amount of seconds; Scroll modals that open after the user scrolls a certain distance down the page. You can see an example of an exit intent modal on this MaxTraffic post using their own exit intent script. As much as I’d like to chastise this practice I do understand this from a marketer’s standpoint: it works. The question isn’t why exit intent/opt-in modals exist. The question is whether you think it’s worth adding an unwanted modal popup to your website. Is it worth potentially annoying most of your users just for a higher conversion rate? If you’re more interested in a great user experience then the answer is obvious. Especially with Google now penalizing sites that use annoying interstitials/modals without user interaction. But these unwanted messages also give modals a bad name, which is tough because they serve a real purpose in UI design. These can be used wisely, like with modal signup fields or information-based modals triggered from a user’s mouse click. Or they can be annoying marketing messages that just appear seemingly out of nowhere. And don’t get me started on modals that won’t close even when clicking the background. I really can’t fault marketers for using these modals because they convert well. But they’re also ruining the user experience for everyone else on the web.   2. Guilt in Copywriting I recognized this trend years ago but I couldn’t put it into words until I read this article by Katie Notopoulos. She uses plenty of great examples to show how guilt-based copywriting annoys users and increase signups. This writing style appears in those annoying modals I just covered. But this writing can also appear in sidebar fields or in-content opt-in forms. One example from Good Housekeeping is just terrible (hover the browser tab to trigger). The goal with this guilt-ridden copywriting is to make the user feel so bad that they second guess their choice to close the window. It usually follows a formula that forces the user to click a nonsensical statement that’s unrelated to closing the window. For example, a modal might offer you a free ebook on web design. The subscribe button might be simple but the cancel button might read “No thanks, I like sucking at design”. There’s actually a whole Tumblr site devoted to this shaming copywriting. This is another example of a technique that works from a marketer’s standpoint, but certainly holds little value from a UX standpoint.   3. Fullscreen Interstitials It should go without saying that completely taking over the screen with an opt-in or squeeze offer is just plain obnoxious. This trend is like the unwanted modal window on steroids. These interstitials take over the entire screen and block the page unless you close the window. And sometimes it’s almost impossible to close these windows! Backlinko is a fantastic site for SEO tips, but horrible with the pushy marketing. First time visitors are always greeted with the same fullscreen modal that takes over the entire page. The background uses a video of Google SERPS which is both confusing and ugly. It places a very tiny X icon in the top right corner and the “no thanks” link is much smaller than the other text, not to mention harder to read. This thing is a usability nightmare on mobile and it’s just one example of a trend that really needs to go.   4. Slide-in Ads/offers Sometimes you’ll be scrolling down a homepage and see a small box slide into view from the side. This might be a feedback box for user testing, or it might be social sharing links or even a discount/promotion. I can deal with these every so often. If they stay out of the way and aren’t too obnoxious then, whatever. But on sites like AccessPress you can find at least 2 different slide-in boxes on either side of the page, and sometimes even a 3rd! This isn’t meant to shame AccessPress or any other sites in this list. I’m just using this as an example to show how poor UX trends can go too far. If you have a client who wants this slide-in feature try to make it subtle. No ding noises, no flashing graphics, and preferably no wacky animations. If a user wants to learn more they’ll take the time to read it.   5. Custom Scrolling Most trends in this post have been marketing-oriented because, as Gary V says, marketers ruin everything. But custom scrolling can’t be blamed on anyone. It’s just a trend that’s been around for far too long and feels like a remnant of an older web. Nowadays browsers like Chrome have their own custom scroll features that users can enable/disable on a whim. But websites like Click and Grow still have these annoying JS-based scroll features that turn navigating the site into a chore. Usually these custom scroll animations have one of two effects. Either the scroll goes too fast beyond where you wanted to rest the page, or it goes too slow and you have to whip your mouse wheel just to move. Why would any designer think these two options are better than the default? Tied into custom scrolling is a newer trend I’ve seen on single page layouts. They have fullscreen page “sections” where your scroll wheel only moves down one section at a time. Gladly has this trend on their homepage. My problem here is the same with fixed scrolling. It takes power away from the user. The Gladly section animations take way too long to complete. The Internet moves fast and Internet users always want it a little faster. So any type of custom scrolling that ultimately slows down the experience is just bad UX.   6. Nav Menus Without Padding This is a tough trend to explain but you know it when you see it. Every site has a navigation menu and most links have padding around them. But sometimes the padding isn’t clickable, so to navigate you need to click on the exact block area of the text itself. This drives me crazy! It takes maybe 30 seconds to move CSS padding from a link’s container element to the link itself. The navigation menu looks the same, but now users can click the link and the space around the link. So much easier! Take a look at Tilde’s navigation for a live example. The craziest thing about their site is that their mobile responsive navigation actually does have clickable padding. Only their desktop nav is plagued by the text-only click area. On the flip side you’ll find many sites that understand the importance of this very subtle yet crucial detail. One example is Think With Google where you can actually see the full link size while hovering: Just keep this in mind going forward because it’s a very simple alteration that can have a huge impact on usability.   7. Paginated Listicles Last but not least I’m poking a bit of fun at blogs that design their content into one-item-per-page listicles. I cannot imagine that any person enjoys constantly clicking the “next” button to read through a clickbait post. You’ll find tons of these on many different websites and none of them consider the user’s experience. This trend is mostly about pageviews and ad revenue more than anything else. And while it’s not really in the designer’s control to fix this, it does relate to the user experience and webmasters/designers should do all they can to avoid these multi-paged articles. I can only imagine how many other trends are out there annoying users on a daily basis. But I hope by sharing these ideas more designers will work towards eliminating these dark trends and reducing their presence on the web. By Jake Rocheleau Jake is a writer and user experience designer on the web. He publishes articles discussing HTML5/CSS3 and jQuery coding techniques. Find out more on his website or you can follow his updates on Twitter @jakerocheleau More articles by Jake Rocheleau Popular posts This red goes to #FG0000: Wide-Gamut Color with and Cloudinary 10 Essential Rules for UI Design 4 Ways to Use Functional Animation in UI Design 7 UI Choices That Damage UX How You Can Compete Against DIY Site Builders Hot deals LAST CHANCE: The Complete Vector Blueprint Kit from The Artifex Forge - only $9! Ends in - 1 day Beautiful Samantha Script Font - only $17! Ends in - 3 days Bundle: 2500+ Professional Photoshop Actions and Vectors - only $17! Ends in - 2 days Get 800,000+ Stock Vectors, Photos, Icons and more from StockUnlimited - only $39! Ends in - 1 day Sketch App Essentials (2nd Edition) - only $14! Ends in - 5 days Sponsors Featured freebies Free Download: Free Resume Template Free Download: BRONX Template Free download: Ikaros Font Free download: Comprehensive stationery mockup Hot deals Professional Logo Creation Kit Bundle with 500+ Elements - only 14! Massive Discounts on Stock Photos - 67% off! Complete Website Builder Kit for Mobirise, 400+ Blocks, 7000+ Icons - only $37! Instantly Optimize Your Site's Images with the ShortPixel WP Plugin - only $9! Aa Join our 986,764 subscribers and get access to the latest tools, freebies, product announcements and much more! Subscribe me Home About Categories Archive Authors Newsletter Advertise Write for us Legal Contact 210,547 612,458 90,777 © 2010-2017 All Rights Reserved Articles Branding Business CSS Code Demos Comics Contests Deals Design Freebies Funny HTML How To Inspiration JavaScript Marketing Mobile News Resources Social Media Sponsored Typography UX Design Usability Web Development WordPress
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Essential Home revealed to take on Amazon Echo and Google’s assistant Chris Burns - May 30, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit With the reveal of the Essential Phone, Android cofounder Andy Rubin announced the Essential Home. This is a device – part of an ecosystem of devices in the future – which runs a smart home. While the company hasn’t said so directly, this device looks to take on already existing systems like Amazon Echo with Alexa and Google’s assistant in Google Home. This device is made not only to act as a smart home center-point for the masses. Designers at Essential made this device to feel at home in the home – instead of like something from the distant future. This device is designed to be accessible by the average user, not just the early adopter. “It’s in your environment; you can tap or glance at it, but it never intrudes or takes you away from the things that are important to you,” said Mara Segal, Head of Product: Home Devices for Essential. “Think of it as an orchestra conductor for your digital instruments – something that can get them to start to work together in new, exciting ways.” The device consists of a wall plug (for power) and a base with a round touchscreen display. This device has at least one microphone and a glowing light (or array of lights) to show pertinent updates for the user. Essential calls the screen a “round auto-display [which] blends into any home environment while providing seamless access to multiple types of information and services.” This Essential Home device will also have a camera – as evidenced by its ability to activate with a “glance.” Users can also “ask” it to turn on or tap to turn on. Essential Home also aims to make sure that “your privacy is taken seriously.” We’ll see a lot more about that particular bit in the near future. At this time there is no launch date for Essential Home, but there is a sign-up sheet. Developers are encouraged to go to the bottom of Essential’s Ambient OS page to learn about the software that’ll run on Essential Home. Both Developers and users will be able to sign up there with their email for updates on availability. SlashGear will also have information as or before it’s made available to the public. Story Timeline Andy Rubin created Android: now he's making the "Essential" smartphone Andy Rubin’s Essential phone details begin to spill Andy Rubin's Essential phone pops up at GFXBench Andy Rubin's Essential jumps on Twitter, teases something big Andy Rubin's Essential Phone breaks all the rules Tags AlexaAmazon EchoAndroidEssentialgoogleGoogle AssistantGoogle Homesmart home Must Read Bits & Bytes Apple’s roadmap allegedly leaked: iPhone 8, Glasses, 2018 MacBook, more Coinbase tipped at $1b valuation as demand for cryptocurrency soars Why DigiByte’s price is soaring: $DGB, Minecraft, Memes, and Citibank Rooting Android phones is no longer cool, it’s a liability Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Latest Headlines Sony tees off first mobile game in Japan Jun 4, 2017 OnePlus 2 will no longer receive updates Jun 4, 2017 SpaceX lands 11th rocket following first launch of reused Dragon capsule Jun 4, 2017 Del.icio.us link-sharing site shuts down after Pinboard acquisition Jun 4, 2017 Essential hit with trademark dispute from Spigen Jun 4, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
clock menu more-arrow AI, the humanity! AlphaGo’s victory isn’t a defeat for humans — it’s an opportunity by Sam Byford@345triangle May 30, 2017, 11:39am EDT Illustrations by James Bareham share tweet Linkedin A loss for humanity! Man succumbs to machine! If you heard about AlphaGo’s latest exploits last week — crushing the world’s best Go player and confirming that artificial intelligence had mastered the ancient Chinese board game — you may have heard the news delivered in doomsday terms. There was a certain melancholy to Ke Jie’s capitulation, to be sure. The 19-year-old Chinese prodigy declared he would never lose to an AI following AlphaGo’s earthshaking victory over Lee Se-dol last year. To see him onstage last week, nearly bent double over the Go board and fidgeting with his hair, was to see a man comprehensively put in his place. But focusing on that would miss the point. DeepMind, the Google-owned company that developed AlphaGo, isn’t attempting to crush humanity — after all, the company is made up of humans itself. AlphaGo represents a major human achievement and the takeaway shouldn’t be that AI is surpassing our abilities, but instead that AI will enhance our abilities. Demis Hassabis, DeepMind co-founder and CEO. When speaking to DeepMind and Google developers at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen, China last week, I didn’t hear much about the four games AlphaGo won over Lee Se-dol last year. Instead, I heard a lot about the one that it lost. “We were interested to see if we could fix the problems, the knowledge gaps as we call them, that Lee Se-dol brilliantly exposed in game four with his incredible win, showing that there was a weakness in AlphaGo’s knowledge,” DeepMind co-founder and CEO Demis Hassabis said on the first day of the event. “We worked hard to see if we could fix that knowledge gap and actually teach, or have AlphaGo learn itself, how to deal with those kinds of positions. We’re confident now that AlphaGo is better in those situations, but again we don’t know for sure until we play against an amazing master like Ke Jie.” “AlphaGo Master has become its own teacher.” As it happened, AlphaGo steamrolled Ke into a 3-0 defeat, suggesting that those knowledge gaps have been closed. It’s worth noting, however, that DeepMind had to learn from AlphaGo’s past mistakes to reach this level. If the AI had stood still for the past year, it’s entirely possible that Ke would have won; he’s a far stronger player than Lee. But AlphaGo did not stand still. The version of AlphaGo that played Ke has been completely rearchitected — DeepMind calls it AlphaGo Master. “The main innovation in AlphaGo Master is that it’s become its own teacher,” says Dave Silver, DeepMind’s lead researcher on AlphaGo. “So [now] AlphaGo actually learns from its own searches to improve its neural networks, both the policy network and the value network, and this makes it learn in a much more general way. One of the things we’re most excited about is not just that it can play Go better but we hope that this’ll actually lead to technologies that are more generally applicable to other challenging domains.” AlphaGo is comprised of two networks: a policy network that selects the next move to play, and a value network that analyzes the probability of winning. The policy network was initially based on millions of historical moves from actual games played by Go professionals. But AlphaGo Master goes much further by searching through the possible moves that could occur if a particular move is played, increasing its understanding of the potential fallout. “The original system played against itself millions of times, but it didn’t have this component of using the search,” Hassabis tells The Verge. “[AlphaGo Master is] using its own strength to improve its own predictions. So whereas in the previous version it was mostly about generating data, in this version it’s actually using the power of its own search function and its own abilities to improve one part of itself, the policy net.” Essentially, AlphaGo is now better at assessing why a particular move would be the strongest possible option. “The whole idea is to reduce your reliance on that human bootstrapping step.” I asked Hassabis whether he thought this system could work without the initial dataset taken from historical games of Go. “We’re running those tests at the moment and we’re pretty confident, actually,” he said. “The initial results have been that it’s looking pretty good. That’ll be part of this future paper that we’re going to publish, so we’re not talking about that at the moment, but it’s looking promising. The whole idea is to reduce your reliance on that human bootstrapping step.” But in order to defeat Ke, DeepMind needed to fix the weaknesses in the original AlphaGo that Lee exposed. Although the AI gets ever stronger by playing against itself, DeepMind couldn’t rely on that baseline training to cover the knowledge gaps — nor could it hand-code a solution. “It’s not like a traditional program where you just fix a bug,” says Hassabis, who believes that similar knowledge gaps are likely to be a problem faced by all kinds of learning systems in the future. “You have to kind of coax it to learn new knowledge or explore that new area of the domain, and there are various strategies to do that. You can use adversarial opponents that push you into exploring those spaces, and you can keep different varieties of the AlphaGo versions to play each other so there’s more variety in the player pool.” “Another thing we did is when we assessed what kinds of positions we thought AlphaGo had a problem with, we looked at the self-play games and we identified games algorithmically — we wrote another algorithm to look at all those games and identify places where AlphaGo seemed to have this kind of problem. So we have a library of those sorts of positions, and we can test our new systems not only against each other in the self-play but against this database of known problematic positions, so then we could quantify the improvement against that.” Dave Silver, DeepMind’s lead researcher on AlphaGo. None of this increase in performance has required an increase in power. In fact, AlphaGo Master uses much less power than the version of AlphaGo that beat Lee Se-dol; it runs on a single second-gen Tensor Processing Unit machine in the Google Cloud, whereas the previous version used 50 TPUs at once. “You shouldn’t think of this as running on compute power that’s beyond the access of normal people,” says Silver. “The special thing about it is the algorithm that’s being used as opposed to the amount of compute.” AlphaGo learned from humans, and humans are learning from AlphaGo AlphaGo is learning from humans, then, even if it may not need to in the future. And in turn, humans have learned from AlphaGo. The simplest demonstration of this came in Ke Jie’s first match against the AI, where he used a 3-3 point as part of his opening strategy. That’s a move that fell out of favor over the past several decades, but it’s seen a resurgence in popularity after AlphaGo employed it to some success. And Ke pushed AlphaGo to its limits in the second game; the AI determined that his first 50 moves were “perfect,” and his first 100 were better than anyone had ever played against the Master version. Although the Go community might not necessarily understand why a given AlphaGo move works in the moment, the AI provides a whole new way to approach the game. Go has been around for thousands of years, and AlphaGo has sparked one of the most profound shifts yet in how the game is played and studied. But if you’re reading this in the West, you probably don’t play Go. What can AlphaGo do for you? Andrew Jackson and Lee Ha-jin discuss AlphaGo's first game against Ke Jie. Say you’re a data center architect working at Google. It’s your job to make sure everything runs efficiently and coolly. To date, you’ve achieved that by designing the system so that you’re running as few pieces of cooling equipment at once as possible — you turn on the second piece only after the first is maxed out, and so on. This makes sense, right? Well, a variant of AlphaGo named Dr. Data disagreed. “What Dr. Data decided to do was actually turn on as many units as possible and run them at a very low level,” Hassabis says. “Because of the switching and the pumps and the other things, that turned out to be better — and I think they’re now taking that into new data center designs, potentially. They’re taking some of those ideas and reincorporating them into the new designs, which obviously the AI system can’t do. So the human designers are looking at what the AlphaGo variant was doing, and then that’s informing their next decisions.” Dr. Data is at work right now in Google’s data centers, saving the company 40 percent in electricity required for cooling and resulting in 15 percent overall less energy usage. DeepMind believes that the same principle will apply to science and health care, with deep-learning techniques helping to improve the accuracy and efficiency of everything from protein-folding to radiography. Perhaps less ambitiously but no less importantly, it may also lead to more sensible workflows. “You can imagine across a hospital or many hospitals you might be able to figure out that there’s this process one hospital’s using, or one nurse is using, that’s super effective over time,” says Hassabis. “Maybe they’re doing something slightly different to this other hospital, and perhaps the other hospital can learn from that. I think at the moment you’d never know that was happening, but you can imagine that an AI system might be able to pick up on that and share that knowledge effectively between different doctors and hospitals so they all end up with the best practice.” These are areas particularly fraught with roadblocks and worries for many, of course. And it’s natural for people to be suspicious of AI — I experienced it myself somewhat last week. My hotel was part of the same compound as the Future of Go Summit, and access to certain areas was gated by Baidu’s machine learning-powered facial recognition tech. It worked instantly, every time, often without me even knowing where the camera was; I’d just go through the gate and see my Verge profile photo flash up on a screen. I never saw it fail for the thousands of other people at the event, either. And all of this worked based on nothing more than a picture of me taken on an iPad at check-in. I know that Facebook and Google and probably tons of other companies also know what I look like. But the weird feeling I got from seeing my face flawlessly recognized multiple times a day for a week shows that companies ought to be sensitive about the way they roll out AI technologies. It also, to some extent, probably explains why so many people seem unsettled by AlphaGo’s success. But again, that success is a success built by humans. AlphaGo is already demonstrating the power of what can happen not only when AI learns from us, but when we learn from AI. At this stage, it’s technology worth being optimistic about. Photography by Sam Byford / The Verge US & World Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology Apple Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread Web After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious View all stories in Tech Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google for Jobs going live for some people Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/27 4:31pm PDTMay 27, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 74 Share on Facebook 81 Share on Twitter Total Shares174 Google News Back at Google I/O, a new initiative was announced called 'Google for Jobs.' As you might be able to guess from the name, it is designed to make finding job openings easier and more effective - for both applicants and employers. The feature appears to be going live on Google Search, at least for some users. Currently, searching something like "barista jobs" just returns a list of results from job listing sites. With Google for Jobs, you get a much cleaner interface with more details, plus modifiers like 'Full-time' and 'Starbucks.'    Left: Current layout; Center, Right: New layout This doesn't seem to be live yet for everyone, including myself, but let us know in the comments if you see it. Thanks: Jose Tags Google google for jobs jobs work subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get a 3-pack Arlo Pro security system for $450 ($130 off), if you have Amazon Prime ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Paul_Werner Yeah this went live for me the same day they announced it. I'm still waiting on the new YouTube UI & the YouTube Go Live features though matteventu Are you from the US? Mattwmaster58 I'm from canada and it works for me Paul_Werner Yup Mattwmaster58 Youtube UI you gotta opt in @ https://www.youtube.com/new Izzie I didn't opt in and got the new interface yesterday? Mattwmaster58 I guess they are rolling this out :P Vratislav Jindra How about doing something about that ugly grey status bar, Google? I get it at the search results page which is also grey (a bit lighter), but not when there is a blue action bar right underneath it. Also the shadow under the status bar from KitKat era in the main screen of Google App seems weird. Sometimes I wonder what they pay their designers for, when they can't get this basic sh*t straight. Kristinatskaggs Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dq75c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dq75c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs365DirectRockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dq75c:....,........ Vratislav Jindra Oh for f*ck's sake, stop it. Powsniffer0110 Your problem is youre on KitKat buddy. Try upgrading Vratislav Jindra I'm on Nougat, buddy. Don't tell me that your Google App's main screen doesn't have this ridiculous status bar. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fa83a4890e2557e740128d564e6f804416ed73f61787acbc9deac5bd323268f3.png BehemothPL It's nice to see Chicago metro in the article :) Alejandro Steve? ddevito JOBS JOBS JOBS let's vote for JOBS! Yeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaa you've got karma! alwaysonthemove ITM Grunty I got coffee at that starbucks yesterday. Logan Snyder Weird, the old layout had squiggly looking black rectangles. instinct I listened to a Steve Jobs audio clip right before reading this headline, and it threw me off. makapav Vote up if you immediately went and searched for barista jobs after reading this post. Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,...... Evan Hart I get the job done from ease and comfort of my home, through doing easy jobs that only usually takes from you a Desk top together with on-line connection and Now I am more satisfied than ever before... After half a year on this work and therefore i obtained paid for totally Thirty six Thousand usd... Basically I generate close to 80 bucks/hr and work for 3 to 4 hrs day-after-day.And marvelous factor concerning this task is usually that you can easily supervise your time when you do the job and for how much time as you wish for and you achieve a check week by week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I do the job from comfort and ease of my property or home, via easy projects that only takes from you a Desktop and connection to the internet and I am just more successful than ever before... After half a year in this project and i obtained compensated for overall Thirty six Thousand bucks... Basically I generate near 80 bucks/hour and also work for three to four hours time on a regular basis.And spectacular factor regarding this work is the fact you can arrange your time while you get the job done and for just how long as you prefer and you attain a check week by week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Rob The problem is finding actual jobs associated with postings in any platform. A lot of the time, these aren't serious openings. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.680s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
PetaPixel News Equipment Tutorials Archives Send a Tip Links About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Full Disclosure Search Type here what you are looking for Search 469 K 809 K 675 K Facebook 469 K / likes Twitter 809 K / followers Google+ 675 K / followers Google Abandons Its Nik Collection of Popular Photo Editing Software May 30, 2017 Michael Zhang 8786 Shares 0 Google received praise from photographers last year when it made its $150 Nik Collection of popular photo editing software 100% free. But alas, all good things come to an end: Google has quietly announced that it will be abandoning the Nik Collection from here on out. The announcement was made through a simple banner message found on the Nik Collection homepage. “The Nik Collection is free and compatible with Mac OS X 10.7 through 10.10; Windows Vista, 7, 8; and Adobe Photoshop through CC 2015,” Google writes. “We have no plans to update the Collection or add new features over time.” Google originally acquired Nik Software back in 2012, bringing the Nik Collection and the popular photo editing app Snapseed into the fold. Snapseed had become one of the most popular photo editing apps in the iTunes App Store, and was perceived as a photo filter competitor to Instagram. But things have been going to well for the Nik family of software. In 2013, Google announced that it was killing off Snapseed for Desktop. At around the same time, Google regained some goodwill when it dropped the price of the Nik Collection from its original cost of about $500 to $150. Three years later, Google yanked that $150 price tag and made the software free. While many photographers lauded Google for the generous move, others wondered whether it was the beginning of the end for the popular collection of tools. If you’re a fan of the Nik Collection, you’ll still be able to use the tools indefinitely for now, but there’s no guarantee that the software will be supported well by future versions of Photoshop, Mac OS, and Windows. But who knows — perhaps Google will decide to make the Nik Collection an open source project for independent developers to further develop and keep alive. Tags: abandoned, business, discontinued, google, industry, nik, nikcollection, niksuite, photoediting, plugins, Software, tools 8786 Shares 0 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Prev Sony a9 Versus Nikon D5 and Canon 1D X II in Dynamic Range Tests Next A Closer Look at the Dolly Zoom Trending Posts 10 Sneaky Tricks Used in Food Photos 1047 shares Jun 03, 2017 The Bright Flashes During NBA Games You May Never Have Noticed 1008 shares Jun 03, 2017 How to Shoot Inception-Style Drone Photos 5287 shares Jun 02, 2017 My Model Triggered a Lightning Self-Portrait, And She Nailed It 3608 shares Jun 03, 2017 This Photographer Couldn’t Afford His Dream Camera, So He 3D Printed One 5848 shares Jun 02, 2017 Kodak Launches Kodachrome, A New Magazine for Film and Art Lovers 10587 shares Jun 02, 2017 Instagram Created a Monster: A No B.S. Guide to What’s Really Going On 3552 shares Jun 01, 2017 I Held a Dog Headshot Photo Booth, and the Results Were Hilarious 221 shares Jun 03, 2017 Print: A Concept Digital Instant Camera in the Age of Smartphones 158 shares Jun 03, 2017 Here’s a Checklist for Learning How to Retouch Photos Like a Pro 333 shares Jun 02, 2017 Shooting a Handheld Milky Way Photo from an Airplane Seat 1539 shares Jun 02, 2017 ‘Fractal’ is a Timelapse That Shows the Fury of Supercell Thunderstorms 2051 shares Jun 02, 2017 How to Prep Your Photos for Print in Photoshop 237 shares Jun 02, 2017 Microsoft Develops a Curved Sensor That Beats the Canon 1DS Mark III 4899 shares Jun 01, 2017 Einstein Patented an Auto-Exposure Camera Before Kodak Made It Exist 2125 shares Jun 02, 2017 70 Inspirational Quotes for Photographers 3682 shares May 29, 2014 The 6D Mark II Will Be Canon’s First Full Frame DSLR with an Articulating LCD 17089 shares May 29, 2017 Testing Nikon’s New 28mm f/1.4 Lens in Morocco 2043 shares Jun 01, 2017 Ep. 182: Nikon Sued! – and more 105 shares 16 hours ago Nikon Unveils Arcrest, A New Line of Pro Lens Protection Filters 127 shares Jun 02, 2017 Archives News Gear Inspiration Tutorials Reviews Archives Podcast Copyright © 2017 PetaPixel subscribe our newsletter to stay up to date 469 K 809 K 675 K
Finance Search Search VenezuelaThe Airline Standoff in Venezuela is Getting Worse as the Country’s Crisis Deepens aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps Amazon Amazon’s Stock Just Broke the $1,000 Mark Lucinda Shen May 30, 2017 Amazon got a belated 20th birthday present Tuesday. As the wider stock markets fell following memorial day weekend, shares of tech giant Amazon nudged upward roughly a quarter of a percentage point to the much awaited valuation of $1,000 per share. The all-time high also pushed Amazon's valuation to $477.3 billion in trading Tuesday. Amazon's reach to $1,000 also meant that the company beat out shares of Alphabet, Google's parent company, to the throne. Shares of Google and Amazon have been neck-in-neck in recent days, as investors continue buying into both companies — a sign that market watchers at least believe in both tech giants' futures. But, while Amazon briefly breached $1,000 early Tuesday, Alphabet shares have reached as high as $997 a piece. That's put Amazon in the same club as Priceline Group — the only other company on the S&P 500 to boast a quadruple digit stock price. Priceline shares were trading at about $1,857 as of Tuesday. Still, share price alone is not a great marker for the value of a company. In that field, Alphabet's $682 billion market cap is a head above that of Amazon's, and Priceline's $91 billion, putting Alphabet much closer than Amazon in the race to $1 trillion. And aside from Priceline, Amazon also has another giant in the field of stock prices it can reach for. Over the past year, shares of Amazon have risen 40%. It would have to keep up that same performance for another 615 years to reach the lofty valuation of Class A shares of Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, now trading at $247,025 a piece. Granted, Berkshire Hathaway has never split its stock. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
MENU Press Offices Arbor Networks BCX Eset Hitachi Data Systems Huawei MTN Resolve SAP Tecno UNICAF Veeam Westcon-Comstor WWC Magazine Gallery Advertise Newsletter Submit News Contact MENU Home Africa’s Technology News Leader Top Stories The most important technology stories News Technology news categorized General General tech news Mobile and Telecoms Telecommunications Enterprise Cloud in Africa. Backup and Storage Backup and Storage news Big Data Big Data news Cloud Computing Cloud Computing news Internet of Things Enterprise Architecture news Hardware Hardware Software Software news IT Security The latest IT Security news Satellite Communications News about Satellite Communication Gadgets & Gaming Consumer Tech Startups Online & Social Internet, digital and social media news Events News Must attend Tech events Opinion According to the experts Features Taking an in-depth look PR Newswire Video Video interviews and features Industries Technology news by industry Education Mining and Energy Finance Healthcare Retail Regions IT news around Africa West Africa East Africa Southern Africa North Africa Companies Company news and Press Releases Company News Huawei HP Software Events Conferences and Seminars Education Innovation Summit | 31 May 2017 IoT Forum Africa | 21-22 March 2018 Healthcare Innovation Summit | 23 – 24 Aug 2017 Advertise Connect with our audience Tour to Raise €20M for African Tech Start Ups May 30, 2017 • Startups, Top Stories Facebook0 Twitter0 LinkedIn0 Google+0 Pinterest0 Applications Open for African Start-Ups to Join Inaugural Tour of Five European Cities. Co-creation Hub (CcHUB), a technology innovation centre in Nigeria and Google for Entrepreneurs, have announced the launch of PitchDrive, a three week, five-city European tech hub tour across London, Amsterdam, Berlin, Zurich and Paris. This partnership will bring 15 elite African tech companies together to pitch to investors, explore international opportunities and learn about frontier technology markets. African startup founders looking to raise Series A funding and above will be selected by the PitchDrive team to embark on a landmark tour that aims to build stronger networks between European investors and African tech talent. Starting in London on 14th of August 2017, the cohort will visit Google’s Campus London, TQ Amsterdam, Factory Berlin and Impact Hub in Zurich, concluding at NUMA Paris. Upon completion of the tour, the inaugural cohort will have pitched to over 300 investors, with the specific goal of raising over €20M in the three week period. This is the first tour of its kind to connect African tech companies with European capital, and the PitchDrive team is aiming to open up the sector to investors who want to build their portfolios to include emerging markets. ‘Bosun Tijani, CcHub Founder and CEO says, “PitchDrive will hit the road in August to connect Africa’s tech elite with Europe’s most influential investors. Applicants will be subjected to a rigorous selection process, and those selected will go on to have their business models scrutinised and analysed by some very shrewd and highly experienced investors at a Demo Day on each stop of the tour. It will be tough, but ultimately, we hope to help secure a number of breakthrough capital deals for those who embark on this journey with us. This is an incredible opportunity, and applications for just 15 places on the PitchDrive bus, are now welcome. “Google started in a garage two decades ago. Our bus is the equivalent of their garage. We hope that with the support of Google for Entrepreneurs on the PitchDrive tour, we may secure capital to launch a new trajectory for one or two African unicorns of the future”. PitchDrive will provide all travel, accommodation and visa support, as well mentorship and support from notable tech founders well versed in fund raising, including Iroko Founder and CEO Jason Njoku, Saidah Nash Carter of Reuters, Stephen Newton of Illuminate Africa and David Grunwald of Google for Entrepreneurs. David Grunwald, Head of Global Partnerships Google for Entrepreneurs, adds, “Entrepreneurs from across Africa are building world-class tech companies, and we are delighted to be able to use the power of the Google for Entrepreneurs network to showcase their fantastic products to audiences in some of Europe’s most important tech ecosystems” Applications are now open for African tech startups who are in a position to fundraise at seed stage and above. Those looking to apply must have been running for at least two years, and be a legal, registered enterprise able to demonstrate a minimum of 12 months revenue-generating operations and must be based in Africa. Ideally, startups will also have a strong management team who have worked together for at least 12 months and the founding team should own between 30-60% of the business with a high quality board. Founders must also be available for a three week period through the Summer of 2017. The PitchDrive team are also looking for companies that are tech enabled or proprietary/patented tech, technology that has been validated by large reputable corporate customers (where applicable), relates to retail, mobile, financial technology, health or agriculture or have a high differentiation of technology / know how. Potential applicants can find all criteria and apply at www.pitchdrive.xyz – #PitchDrive Staff Writer CcHUBfundingGooglestartupsTour « How your ISP can affect your bottom line Interview: Rack Centre MD believes in Nigeria’s growth potential » Search Tags Africa Airtel apple BlackBerry Broadband cloud cloud computing Egypt facebook Gadgets and Gaming Ghana Google Huawei ict ict news internet IT News IT News Africa IT Security kenya Microsoft Mobile Mobile and Telecoms MTN news Nigeria Nokia Opinion Safaricom samsung SAP Security Software South Africa tech news technology technology news Telecom telecom news telecoms Telkom Uganda vodacom west africa zimbabwe News Alerts Sign up for our FREE News Alerts       In the news Forex Rates Latest Headlines Stream your drone footage with these goggles June 2, 2017 26% of media consumption will be mobile in 2019 June 2, 2017 IoT network to provide reliable machine connectivity to Nigeria June 2, 2017 Artificial Intelligence – heading for The Cloud(s) June 2, 2017 Gartner: Mobile app development is not accelerating June 2, 2017 Attendees give Education Innovation Summit 2017 the thumbs up June 2, 2017   UPCOMING EVENTS   Education Innovation Summit 31 May 2017     Healthcare Innovation Summit 23 - 24 August 2017     IoT Forum Africa | 21-22 March 2018 Company Press Offices Press Offices Arbor Networks Condyn ContinuitySA Eset Fujitsu Huawei Interactive Intelligence MCI MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tom Tom USAASA Veeam Westcon-Comstor MOST POPULAR TWITTER Twitter Tweets by @ITNewsAfrica Photos on flickr Veeam announces new Co-CEOs May 17, 2017 SA Rocket Scientist Wins Big May 12, 2017 Interview: Jasper Westerink CEO of Phillips Africa April 19, 2017 Top Female Tech Entreprenuer to Chair AfriLabs Board April 12, 2017 eBay Founder Pledges $100 Million In Fight Against Fake News April 6, 2017 Interview: Ross Hickey Of Trinity Telecom Discusses IoT April 4, 2017 SAP Africa appoints new Head of Innovation April 4, 2017 Twitter Mourns The Passing Of Ahmed Kathrada March 28, 2017 Interview: Dr Mumick of Kirusa discusses telecoms in emerging markets March 17, 2017 Interview: Underwriter Laboratories’s Steven Jackets discusses The Future of Authetication March 16, 2017 Newsletter Would you like to receive the latest African technology news and analysis delivered to your e-mail inbox every morning? Then simply subscribe to our free daily e-mail newsletter.   SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER   Useful Links > Send us news > Advertise on ITNewsAfrica.com > Advertise in African Innovator Magazine > Enquire about a Company Press Office > Careers Follow Conferences > Innovation Dinner Series > ICT Business Breakfast Series > Tech Demo Africa All conference enquiries: events[at]itnewsafrica.com African Innovator Magazine > Subscription > Where to buy © 2017 | IT News Africa – Africa's Technology News Leader Read previous post: How your ISP can affect your bottom line Business connectivity is the beating heart of the SME revolution. Is your Internet Service Provider helping you use it to...Close
Follow Sign in / Sign up Home Climate Politics Health Care Economy Paris Agreement Features Video Latest Bryce CovertBlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Economic Editor at ThinkProgress. Contact me: bcovert@thinkprogress.org May 30 Google says it costs too much to prove that it has no gender pay gap Google claims it analyzes its own pay data every year but that it would cost too much to hand it over to the government. Google CEO Sundar Pichai. CREDIT: AP Photo/Eric Risberg Earlier this year, the federal Department of Labor (DOL) accused Google of having a “systemic” gap in pay between men and women. In its defense, Google shot back by saying that its own internal analysis shows that it has closed its gender wage gaps across its global workforce and pays all racial groups equally in the United States. Yet it never publicly released that analysis. Now the company is fighting the government’s request for historic pay data by saying that it would be too costly to compile it and hand it over. Because Google is a federal contractor, it is subject to periodic audits by the DOL’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) to make sure that it meets existing fair pay standards. But when the department requested compensation information, Google failed to fully comply, sparking a lawsuit. The government said that it discovered an “extreme” gender wage gap at the company based on a snapshot of data. Google is still fighting the DOL’s efforts to get a full dataset of compensation information and contact information for employees so that it can conduct interviews. On Friday, Google officials testified in federal court that it would require 500 hours of work and $100,000 to comply with the demands, on top of claiming that it has already expended 2,300 hours and almost $500,000. “This is obviously a very time-consuming and burdensome project,” said Lisa Barnett Sween, an attorney for the company. But given that it made $28 billion in revenue last year, the DOL argued that the cost is tiny for such a large company. “Google would be able to absorb the cost as easy as a dry kitchen sponge could absorb a single drop of water,” said DOL attorney Ian Eliasoph. One calculation found that $100,000 amounts to 113 seconds of revenue. He also argued that the company is trying to claim it is “too big to comply” in order to skirt federal contracting requirements. The company also argues that the process of getting the data has taken too much work, requiring employees to build new systems and conduct extensive reviews. “It became too burdensome,” said Kristin Zmrhal, senior legal operations manager at Google. Yet no one seems to have mentioned that if the company feels comfortable asserting that it has no pay gaps based on gender or race, it must have already compiled and analyzed its own pay data internally, either by itself or by paying a third party to do so. The company itself has touted these efforts. “Google conducts rigorous, annual analyses so that our pay practices remain aligned with our commitment to equal pay practices,” Eileen Naughton, vice president of people operations, wrote in a blog post in April, a process she called “extremely scientific and robust.” Employees themselves have disputed the idea that Google pays everyone fairly regardless of gender or race. In 2015, Erica Baker talked publicly about a spreadsheet she had started that collected employee pay data, saying that the effort revealed “not great things” about compensation patterns and that some people were even able to use the spreadsheet to get equal pay. The company has also been public about paying different salaries for the same jobs, supposedly based on performance. At the hearing Friday, Frank Wagner, the company’s director of compensation, admitted that women who start at lower salaries in the same jobs as men can hypothetically have those disparities carry forward even if they perform similarly and are scored equally on evaluations. If women make less than men at Google, it wouldn’t be the only tech company grappling with this problem. Data has shown that female software developers, programmers, and front-end engineers make less than male ones, on average. The OFCCP also went after Oracle for a “systemic” wage gap between white men and female, black, and Asian employees, while it sued Palantir for discriminating against Asian job applicants. This kind of work may not continue much longer, however. The Trump administration has proposed folding the OFCCP into the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, despite the fact that the EEOC doesn’t conduct regular compliance audits the way the OFCCP does. President Trump also rolled back an executive order issued by former President Obama that required government contractors to disclose violating labor laws, including failure to adhere to the equal opportunity rules Google is accused of violating. Economy Equal Pay Google Women Tech 25 5 BlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Bryce Covert Economic Editor at ThinkProgress. Contact me: bcovert@thinkprogress.org Follow ThinkProgress Moving news forward. Share 25 Never miss a story from ThinkProgress, when you sign up for Medium. Learn more Never miss a story from ThinkProgress Get updatesGet updates
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport In Your Area What's On Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating ALL Crime Business Exeter North Devon South Devon Mid Devon Weather Health Education Politics Farming Why is Devon not a shire? We answer the questions that you have been asking Google about our county By RomPEllis  |  Posted: May 30, 2017   1 COMMENTS   SHARES What have you been asking Google about Devon? Why is Devon not a shire? We answer the questions that you have been asking... X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / What have you been asking Google about Devon? Man raped girl next to toyshop car park 1 Police appeal after woman was sexually assaulted in Exeter... 1 Two adults taken to hospital after fire at Exeter house 1 Comments (1) Each year thousands of people take to Google to their find out more about the wonderful county we live in or find something to do when they're a bit bored. But what is it about Devon that people are searching for the most? Google's predictive function gives a hint of the most popular queries. If you start to type a question, the search engine will guess what you want to know before you finish based on other searches - so we found the most popular things people want to know about Devon. As self-professed Devon experts, we thought we would have a go at tackling your burning questions on our county. What is Devon...? What is Devon famous for? Well where do we start? According to the top result on Google the county is best known for its cuisine - in particular custard, creamed rice pudding and clotted cream. But of course there's so much more to Devon's larder than that. Some of Europe's best meat and fish is found in the county - and then there's the great ale, cider and other traditional drinks. A host of famous people hail from Devon, with a huge range of talents between them. There are almost too many to mention but some picked by Google include mariners, such as Sir Francis Drake, Sir Humphrey Gilbert, and Sir Walter Raleigh. The singer Joss Stone was brought up in the county and Coldplay frontman Chris Martin was born here. Rock group Muse all grew up in Devon and formed the band in Teignmouth. Dave Hill of rock band Slade was born in Flete House which is in the South Hams and singer-songwriter Ben Howard grew up in Totnes. And we've not even got onto famous inventors such as Charles Babbage, Olympic athletes like Tom Daley and the world's most famous novelist Agatha Christie. What is Devon known for? Put that question into Google and the main result is Devon's famous cream teas. People flock to the county to partake in a cream tea. Of course they can get them elsewhere in the country but they never quite top the heady heights of the Devonshire cream teas - cream first of course! What is Devon Live? Well you must know that otherwise you wouldn't be on our website! Devon Live provides the county with local news, sport and more. We've been at the heart of Devon since 1824. Starting out in print with Express & Echo, Herald Express, Mid Devon Gazette, Western Morning News and North Devon Journal, we now publish around the clock online too. What is Devon custard? Ambrosia creamery is most synonymous with custard in Devon. According to Wikipedia, the Ambrosia creamery was founded in 1917 by Albert Morris, in his home village of Lifton in west Devon, to make a rich food for infants. Its original strapline was the punny 'Devon knows how they make it so creamy'. When is Devon...? When is Devon County Show 2017? Sadly Devon County Show 2017 has been and gone. Although you can re-live all our coverage right here. HRH The Countess of Wessex, who is president of the Devon County Agricultural Association which stages the show, spent Thursday and Friday meeting many volunteers, exhibitors, competitors and visitors. Next year's show at Westpoint on the outskirts of Exeter is on May 17, 18 and 19 2018. When is Devon and Cornwall Blues on? Devon and Cornwall Blues - or Devon and Cornwall Cops as it was called when it aired - ran on ITV for four weeks in April. The series, narrated by Neil Morrissey, included footage shot in Torquay, Plymouth, Ilfracombe and Exeter, where police deal with the special challenges such as a big Devon Derby football match. From the Isles of Scilly to the crowds of Plymouth, the show gave the public an insight into how Devon and Cornwall Police tackles the unique challenge of policing more than 700 miles of coastland plus urban and rural communities. The final episode is still available to watch on ITV Hub. When is Devon Horse Show? The annual Devon Horse Show is currently taking place in Devon, New Jersey - so nothing to do with our Devon! It runs until June 4 and is internationally recognised as one of the most exciting horse events in the United States. While it draws top competitors from around the world, the show continues to reflect the local traditions and lifestyles of the Philadelphia Main Line. When is Devonte Graham's birthday? A question that is sure to be on the lips of people across the county. In case you've never heard of him (we hadn't either) Devonte Graham is an American basketball player for the Kansas Juniors. He turned 22 on February 22 - so now you know. Why is Devon...? Why is Devon called Devon? Good question. Google says that Devon gets its name from the Dumnonii, a name that the invading Romans gave to the Celtic tribe in that area. The Romans invaded Devon about AD 50. The name Dumnonii means 'a person who lives in a deep valley', and it comes from the hills and valleys of the area. Why is Devon Island uninhabited? Many Devonians might not know that Canada's Devon Island is the largest uninhabited island on the planet. The ground remains frozen for almost the entire year and for only a brief period, lasting 45 to 50 days, during the height of summer, the ground is snow-free. Summer temperature rises barely about 8C. The average annual temperature is -16C, and you thought our Devon was cold! Why is Devon soil red? Now this is a question that many locals and holidaymakers might genuinely ask. Red sandstone makes up much of Devon's cliffs, especially in the east of the county. Its upper layers consist of mudstones, but most of the formation consists of reddish sandstones, interbedded with rare evaporite minerals such as halite and gypsum. The rock crumbled into the soil - therefore making that red too! Why is Devon not a shire? Devon was once a 'shire' but it's not anymore. The county is officially just known as Devon now despite previously being called Devonshire - you'll still hear it referred to as that from time to time. A shire is a traditional term for a division of land which was first used in Wessex from the beginning of the Anglo-Saxon settlement. Report this article Read more from Devon Live Most Recent Most Commented Man raped girl next to toyshop car park Police appeal after woman was sexually assaulted in Exeter street Two adults taken to hospital after fire at Exeter house Outrage in Devon town as campaigner uses Manchester bombing to... Pupils will face school detention if they do not wear branded... Tory candidate distances herself from 'racist remark' made by her... Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated EchoCritic  |  May 30 2017, 4:29PM Devon is a large shire county in the South Western peninsula of the United Kingdom. |   7 Report YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs LEGAL SECRETARIES Salary : Undisclosed GARDENER & GENERAL MAINTENANCE HAND Salary : Good Rates of Pay Warehouse Assistant Salary : 7.50 per hr Instructor – Land & Environment Salary : £20,000 - £27,000 pa Activities Co-ordinator Salary : £20,661 per annum Student Data Coordinator x 2 Salary : Circa £20,000 pa Activities Organiser Salary : £7.75 per hour Care workers Salary : £7.75 - £8.25 per hour Scaffolders/Trainee Scaffolders/Apprentice Scaffolders Salary : Good Rates of Pay Child Care Assessor/Tutor Salary : Good Rates of Pay Community Engagement and Triage Worker Salary : up to £18,341 HEAD OF YEAR Salary : £18,984 - £21,578 per annum Trainee Accountant Salary : £16,302 to £27,668 per annum QUANTITY SURVEYOR/ESTIMATOR Salary : Competitive PROJECT MANAGER Salary : Good Rates of Pay Collection & Delivery Driver/Car Cleaner Salary : Good Rates of Pay 4Work Co-ordinator Salary : £21,000 - £24,000 2 Key Workers Salary : £21,000 - £24,000 Gamechanger Navigator Salary : £21,000 - £24,000 Change Coach Manager Salary : £24,000 - £28,000 Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Business Crime Politics Entertainment Education Health Transport Have Your Say Polls Sport Football Exeter City Exeter Chiefs Rugby Cricket Other Sports Picture Galleries Our Site Video Jobs Dating Letters How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Promotions Buy and Sell Notices Buy a photo Cars Property Classifieds Business Directory Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Attractions Pubs and Bars Hairdressers Sport and Leisure Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Plumbers Legal Services Taxis & Vehicle HIre Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad iPhones to be fitted with artificial intelligence: Apple will include 'neural engine' chips on future devices Bloomberg claims Apple wants AI hardware to match Google and Qualcomm Apple is developing the chips for augmented reality and self-driving cars  Apple devices currently split AI tasks between the main processor and a GPU New chip, known as the Apple Neural Engine, has its own module for AI requests  By Phoebe Weston For Mailonline Published: 10:52 EDT, 30 May 2017 | Updated: 11:55 EDT, 30 May 2017 e-mail 57 shares 31 View comments Apple will install a chip for carrying out artificial intelligence processing on future iPhones, according to a new report. The chip, called the Apple Neural Engine, will bring new capabilities to mobile devices that will revolutionise how we use our phones, inside sources suggest. The AI-enabled processor will handle tasks normally only managed by humans such as facial and speech recognition and could even alert us if it thinks we are getting ill. Scroll down for video The new chip, called the Apple Neural Engine, would bring new capabilities to mobile devices that will revolutionise how we use our phones, inside sources suggest. Pictured are leaked images of what the iPhone 8 might look like WHAT COULD THIS MEAN? The chip will handle tasks are normally only managed by humans such as facial and speech recognition. An AI-enabled processor would help Apple get more advanced capabilities into their devices such as cars that self-drive and gadgets that have augmented reality. In the future they could be used to monitor body readings and alert our phone when if we have an abnormal reading that needs acting on. For example they could pick up early signs of conditions such as dementia, Parkinson's or diabetes. This could be ascertained from limitless data on our every move - such as how we walk or talk. The introduction of chips into phones will greatly speed up how fast machines can learn which will make AI more sophisticated than ever.   Apple engineers are trying to keep up with Google and Qualcomm, according to the report by Bloomberg. Although Apple has got voice recognition assistant Siri, Amazon Echo and Google Home assistants have given other companies an advantage.   An AI-enabled processor would help Apple get more advanced capabilities into their devices such as cars that self-drive and gadgets that have augmented reality. 'Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,' said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst. 'At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.' Although AI is used to power assistants such as Siri these rely on computer servers processing data rather than processing data themselves.  The inclusion of AI software in phones will further increase how much we depend on them. For example they could pick up early signs of conditions such as dementia, Parkinson's or diabetes. This could be ascertained from limitless data on our every move - such as how we walk or talk. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Big Brother-style satellites capable of tracking CARS from... The iPhone killer? Android inventor Andy Rubin unveils the... Our best look yet at the iPhone 8? Leaks suggest Apple's new... Is your boss a nightmare? Leaders with too much charisma are... Share this article Share 57 shares Currently Apple devices have two chips - a main processor and a graphics chip. The new chip would mean these tasks would be carried out a single chip which would work even when the device is not connected to the internet.  The introduction of chips into phones will greatly speed up how fast machines can learn which will make AI more sophisticated than ever. Google's hardware, the Tensor Processing Unit, is 15 to 30 times faster than the processors that power today's computers and is the company's first chip, announced in 2016.  Google's hardware, the Tensor Processing Unit (pictured),  is 15 to 30 times faster than the processes that power today's computers This unit connects Google services such as Google Search, Google Street View, Google Photos and Google Translate.  WHAT IS A TPU? Google's hardware, the Tensor Processing Unit, is 15 to 30 times faster than the processors that power today's computers and is the company's first chip, announced in 2016.  TPUs are application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs) developed specifically for machine learning. TPUs are designed for a higher volume of reduced precision computation than other types of processing units. The chip was specifically designed for Google's TensorFlow framework, but Google still uses other chips for different types of machine learning.  At the I/O conference this year Google announced an updated version would soon be available to users of its cloud business and sources suggest it will soon be integrated into many devices.  AI on a phone is also likely to be useful in helping to keep the device secure and protected from external threats. They could be used as a way to uniquely identify the wearer of a device.  Phones could be part of a broader network of machines which are dependent on AI - including cars. Last month the UK government handed £12.8 million ($16.4 million) to an AI firm to develop a driverless car system. The report suggests Apple may choose to discuss its latest AI work in its developers conference in June.  Read more: Apple Is Working on a Dedicated Chip to Power AI on Devices - Bloomberg Share or comment on this article e-mail 57 shares Most watched News videos Caravan dangerously sways and blocks dual carriageway Heart-stopping moment van driver pushes motorist into fast lane Man boots scooter rider while being arrested by the police Heart-stopping moment lorry pushes car across motorway John Noakes attempts to climb the mast of HMS Ganges in 1967 Dramatic footage shows huge brawl at drinking spot in Newcastle Stunning footage of old cargo ship sunk in the 1940s Dashcam captures moment 'confused' driver causes three way smash Fallon disagrees with Boris quote he mistakes for Corbyn's Moment Jeremy Corbyn fails to provide figures during interview Police officer grills Theresa May on police recruitment policy Topless man frogmarched down street at gunpoint by police in Marbella French police seize almost £1million worth of Ferraris... Ships are warned to steer clear as 'hazardous materials'... EXCLUSIVE: Suspected drug dealer crashes his car head-on... Residents slam Jeremy Clarkson and co for closing off... Vodafone and EE are voted the worst mobile networks by... Married Morris dancer dubbed 'Mr Floppy' who had sex with... Kenya FINALLY replaces the 'Lunatic Line' built by the... Ex-BAE Systems employee 'who got a job with a fake... Classic E-Type Jaguar found in a barn could fetch £60,000... Car boot seller who sparked outrage by hanging NAZI flag... As the world teeters on the brink of a new Cold War,... Body of Brazilian football legend Mane Garrincha has... Lorry driver, 55, who won a six-month battle to overturn... Jaw-dropping moment delivery driver forces motorist to... Businessman, 49, on the run with his son, 24, is branded... DPD delivery driver killed himself on his 60th birthday... Feminist writer attacks the Beatles’ Sgt Pepper for... More than 100 mourners pay their respects to WW2 tank... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 31 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Secrets of the Thirty Years' War soldiers exposed: Mass grave of 47 men who died in battle 400 years ago... Shimmering lights spotted near 'Britain's UFO capital' spark rumours of another extra-terrestrial sighting San Diego's Rose Canyon fault is MORE dangerous than thought and could trigger a massive earthquake that... What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a... 'They were hauling a big creature': New footage reveals what Deputy Sheriff said he saw at Roswell, in UFO... MIT scientists say Trump misrepresented their work and didn't check with them when he said Paris climate... The instantly rechargeable battery that could revolutionize electric cars (and mean you'll never have to sit... The 'kill vehicle' that could blast North Korea's missiles out of the sky: Pentagon fast tracks $260m... Siri set to get supercharged as Apple declares war on Amazon's Alexa US Army reveals Cold War Stinger anti aircraft missile will be used to shoot down DRONES in battle against... Want to buy sexy clothes? It might be in your hormones: Women are more inclined to buy raunchy outfits in... LA train tunnel diggers find fossilised hip bone of giant 1,500 pound sloth that roamed the area 11,000... US Navy reveals mini drone that can scour a beach for mines before Marines land What it's like to fly over Jupiter: Astronomers turn just 36 of NASA'S Juno images into a stunning movie Would YOU ride the world's fastest elevator? Chinese skyscraper visitors hit record-breaking speed of 47 mph MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Daddy's not-so-little girl! Danny DeVito is dwarfed by daughter Lucy as they attend Drama Desk Awards in NYC Huge comedy star  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador She looks like a winner! Nominee Kate Walsh sizzles in a satin dress at Drama Desk Awards in NYC The 49-year-old actress wore a silky ivory top 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Pretty little traveler: Make-up free Lucy Hale is casual chic as she dons pink bomber jacket and ripped denim for flight out of LA Has quit alcohol  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  Game Of Thrones fans MIGHT have to wait until 2019 for final season... as HBO cautions there won't be a spin-off any time soon More teasing delays Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting She's a star in stripes! Laura Linney wears wide bright panel dress as she wins top honor at Drama Desk Awards The 53-year-old actress was a star in stripes  Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Is this the end of long supermarket queues? Barclaycard trials a personal 'pocket checkout' in staff canteens 31 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Nancy Messieh Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 13 Alternative Search Engines That Find What Google Can’t Internet 13 Alternative Search Engines That Find What Google Can’t Saikat Basu May 30, 2017 30-05-2017 7 minutes 13 Alternative Search Engines That Find What Google Can’t Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email R.I.P Google. What would be your first reaction if you saw this? Scared, because your life is completely enslaved to Google. Or, hopeful because this suggests that something better has already arrived? Well, no one is chipping on that digital tombstone yet. But right now, go ahead and feel both those above emotions for a moment. Yes, Google has fenced us in and completely tethered us. And, let’s be hopeful because that better search engine is going to arrive. From all signs, it is going to Google armed with Frankesteinian artificial intelligence. But it does not mean that there is no grass outside that fence. There are some patches of green – because let’s face it – Google Search still can’t do everything. They just have close to a million data servers. A few alternative search engines 7 Google Search Alternatives and Their Trademark Features 7 Google Search Alternatives and Their Trademark Features Are you a die-hard Google user? Give these alternative search engines a try. From privacy to helping out charitable causes, these search engines could give you some reasons to change the way you browse. Read More have stepped in and mounted a challenge. These Search Engines Do What Google (Still) Can’t Some are worthy contenders for the second-place medallion while some are just go into those niche corners of the web. Let’s take an interest in some novel search engines that reach the little cubbyholes where even Google can’t. 1. Ecosia — The Search Engine with a Heart Google does good for the world in its own way. Ecosia does its bit in a small way. As you browse, the 80% of the ad profits go into programs that help to plant trees in Burkina Faso, Madagascar, Indonesia and Peru. The search engine uses a modified Bing custom search. You can use Ecosia on your desktop computer or laptop and also on iOS and Android. Read through their FAQ where they open up about the project and also show you the progress of their planting programs. 2. Qwant — Keep Your Privacy Open your bag of privacy tools to add Qwant to the collection of no-tracking search engines. Qwant is also a more visual search engine compared to Google. The search engine also utilizes Microsoft Bing. You can register and log-in to create visual boards by bookmarking the results you like. The privacy policy on the site says, Even when you are connected with an ID, we don’t use any cookie nor any other tracking device when you browse the site. Local storage on your machine is used to save your settings and data. Any personal data connected to your ID is also deleted after you cancel your account. 3. Peekier — Security, Privacy, and No Tracking Any search engine that does not store user data is always worth a try. Peekier is among the new privacy conscious search engines that was made popular by DuckDuckGo 8 Search Tricks That Work on DuckDuckGo but Not on Google 8 Search Tricks That Work on DuckDuckGo but Not on Google Google Search is king. But DuckDuckGo has earned a loyal fan following. It has a few unusual features that even Google doesn't have. Read More . Their policy reiterates that do not log your personal info or track you throughout your browsing sessions. You also might like the clean design and the fast results delivered in little preview cards. The search results are taken from Bing. Click the hamburger icon on the top right to tweak the settings. Peekier auto-suggests search keywords and you can further refine them with more keywords integrated in the search bar after the results. 4. SearchTeam — Search with Your Team Google has some wonderful collaborative apps. Google Search isn’t one of them. This gap is somewhat plugged by SearchTeam which calls itself a “collaborative search engine”. It’s a good concept for teams who want to save time when they are looking for the same things. A few more things to try out — use SearchTeam to plan a vacation with family members and friends. Try to plan a reunion with your extended family. Or, research the web for a medical condition. Invite others into your SearchSpace with email. If you log-in with a Facebook account, SearchTeam will automatically suggest the people you want to invite. SearchTeam has only one obstacle – it is not free like Google. You can try out the interesting idea with a free trial account till the founders offer a free version. 5. Yippy — Declutter Your Search Yippy is bit more than a traditional search engine. Some of you might remember it by its old name – Clutsy. And as the old name suggests, it de-clutters search results by tapping into several search engines. It then combines the results and groups similar results into groups. You can shovel deeper into your search with the group keywords on the left. The meta-search engine also filters out undesirable results, so you can recommend it as a good educational search engine for kids. 6. Kiddle — Do Child-Safe Searches Let’s talk about kids. Google isn’t a great product for kids even though there is a SafeSearch bouncer at the door. Kiddle is a nice alternative for family-friendly search 10 Search Engines For Kids That Help Out Parents With Safe Browsing 10 Search Engines For Kids That Help Out Parents With Safe Browsing Read More . But do note that it is not an official Google for Kids product. The search engine is a customized version of Google that is more visually appealing for kids. Big thumbnails, images, fonts accompany the kid-safe web, image, and video search. Do tell us in the comments if Kiddle manages to keep every search kid-safe or some unwanted results slip through. Search the Web with These Niche Search Engines 7. JustWatch — Find What’s Streaming JustWatch has one purpose only – turn you into a movie and TV series addict. We don’t mind. Online streaming is sending cable back to the dinosaur age. So, if you are a cord cutter you would want to discover where your favorite show is on next. It’s also a shortcut to find out what’s new on each streaming platform. You can customize your preferences and use the easy filters for providers, many different genres, IMDb or Rotten Tomatoes ratings, prices, HD/SD, or release year. JustWatch also has apps for Android and iOS. 8. Giphy — For All Your GIF Search Needs It is just possible that our grandchildren will be communicating in GIFs only. Okay, that’s farfetched. But, you can be prepared if the animated dystopian future comes true with Giphy. Google does a good job of finding animated GIFs now, but I bet the world still flocks to Giphy through their mobile keyboards. Try it out on the desktop next time. 9. iFind3D — Find 3D Printable Models Google Search still hasn’t caught up with the wave of 3D printing. But this search engine steps into the niche. It is still in beta, but nearly 800,000 models from different model collections should be enough to inspire your next 3D design. You can check out the complete details of the design. Save it or download it for your own work. Do note that many designs are paid but you can filter them out from the search page. 10. NASA Images — The World’s Largest Stock of Space Photos Any space and science lover 7 Stellar Visualizations That Help Us Fathom The Mysteries Of Space 7 Stellar Visualizations That Help Us Fathom The Mysteries Of Space Visualizations help us fathom the unfathomable. When we have to talk about space and how it affects us, there are fewer better tools than the visual imagery of an infographic or an interactive visualization. Read More could fall in love with this one. This is an amalgamation of image, audio, and video resources from more than 60 different locations into one searchable index. Search, discover and download a treasure trove of more than 140,000 NASA images, videos and audio files from across the agency’s many missions through history. NASA has laid down some usage guidelines. But news outlets, schools, and text-book authors can use NASA content without needing explicit permission. 11. Libraries.io — A Open Source Discovery Service Are you a coder or a web developer? Give this search tool a try for your next Open Source project. Libraries.io helps you find libraries, modules, and frameworks from the open source ocean. Their plug says that they monitor 2,285,392 open source libraries across 33 different package managers. Search projects by language, license, and keyword. The site will also notify you of new releases when they become available. 12. SearchCode — Search Code Snippets Stay with the project you are trying to complete. This search engine for Open Source code Open Source Matters: 6 Source Code Search Engines You Can Use For Programming Projects Open Source Matters: 6 Source Code Search Engines You Can Use For Programming Projects Open source projects need all the help they can get. If not with funding, then with volunteers contributing to open source programming and free tools they can brandish. Search engines tuned with algorithms to find... Read More might just help you get through the tough parts. The results are gathered from Open Source repositories that are indexed and searchable. The search goes into 10+ sources and covers 90 languages. Code search can get complex. So, use the filters to narrow it down to a specific source, repository, or language. Results will be displayed with the relevant lines highlighted. 13. Ludwig — A Linguistic Search Engine I thought Google Translate could handle it. But Ludwig is an interesting language search engine that approaches from the other side. Don’t type the sentence you want to translate. Type the best guess of the English translation you need. The search engine compares your approximate sentence with a database of contextualized examples taken from standard sources like The New York Times, PLOS ONE, BBC and scientific publications. Check the list of results against your first sentence and learn the correct one. Expand each sentence in the results to see it used in context. My first few attempts left me confused but then I am fluent in the Queen’s language. Nevertheless, it is an interesting way to learn the English language 7 Apps to Help Anyone Improve Their English Grammar 7 Apps to Help Anyone Improve Their English Grammar You may cringe at the thought of those endless grammar worksheets from elementary school. Luckily, apps are a more fun and modern tool for grammar learning. Read More in the garb of a search engine. Do You Rely Only on Google? These search engines aren’t about overpowering Google. Think of them as “specialty” search tools. In any case, Google might be the 800-pound gorilla on the web, but there are several good options for niche searches. Meanwhile, the search for an unbiased search engine continues. Till then, learn tips and tricks to improve the way you search How Search Engines Work & Ways to Improve Your Search Results How Search Engines Work & Ways to Improve Your Search Results Tired of searching a bunch of times to find what you want? Here's how search engines actually work and what to do to make your searches faster and more accurate. Read More . What is your pet peeve against Google? Which is your favorite Google Search alternative? And do tell us about any “undiscovered” but novel search engine you have come across. Originally written by Kabir Chauhan on Jan 18, 2009 Previous PostThese 13 Websites Could Be the Happiest Places on the WebNext PostYouTube Has Become Better! 9 New Features You Need to Know 107 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * David S June 1, 2017 at 1:35 am You forgot IXQuick. Reply Philip Bates May 31, 2017 at 2:18 pm I've only heard of Giphy and JustWatch, so this is an excellent list, Saikat! Peekier is definitely of interest as an alternative to DuckDuckGo (for some reason, I've never warmed to it), and I'm fascinated by NASA Images - what a fantastic resource! Reply Mike September 29, 2016 at 12:23 pm How VERY depressing that nobody who offers search engines, or Kabir, is able to grasp the importance of at least providing an option of searching for EXACTLY what is asked for, not mediated by trying to decide what the user really wants, and not by ignoring "punctuation". The phrase "in-law" (as in father-in-law, sister-in-law etc) is NOT the same as the phrase "in law" (as in "in law you may not...", for example). Try and find a way to search for it. Reply Kenneth December 10, 2016 at 10:04 am Google pretty much figures that out automatically. So does duckduckgo. There are a few other hits in between, but it's 1 in 10 or less. If you want a search that hardcore searches for nothing, but hits for "in-law" you do the following search: +"in-law" -"in law" Reply BLAH BLAH April 27, 2015 at 4:38 am BLAH BLAH BLAH - STILLLLLL Reply Pissed Off December 12, 2014 at 11:42 pm As the world continues to spiral downwards further into hell, i am forced myself to make all aware who see this page in the future of the atrocity that has occurred. Sigh... FilesTube.com, *wipes away tear* no longer works..... They changed there site into a (omg it's disgusting to even say) a LICENCED MOVIE SEARCH. Yes, you read that right, feel free to vomit, i did. The largest and most popular search engine for, well... anything really, is now a legit website... Pfft... fuckin spineless cowards, fly your pirate colors high. Reply Kenneth December 10, 2016 at 10:06 am Start your own engine if it's a problem for you. Then you're the one who has to weigh the risks and rewards of being legit or pirate. Reply Dave February 12, 2010 at 8:21 am one of the best File Search engines is http://www.filekingdom.com..There's no adverts and last I heard they have of 10 million links indexed Reply Strony Internetowe February 9, 2010 at 9:38 am good article! Reply ldii January 30, 2010 at 10:01 pm Interesting, however Google is still the most leading provider. Reply Lanny B January 21, 2010 at 3:51 am http://book-searchr.com - brand new search engine of free ebooks! Reply filesdownloader January 18, 2010 at 10:23 pm you can try http://filesdownloader.com. This site combines power of filestube and filespump. great Reply nana January 14, 2010 at 2:51 pm Try this: http://www.on-file.com, search files from RapidShare.com, Mediafire.com, 4shared.com, MegaUpload.com, Uploading.com in multiple languages. Thanks Reply files bay January 3, 2010 at 8:16 am Why http://filesbay.net/ is not reviewed? I think it's best of rapidshare search engines. Also Files Bay have torrent search - http://torrents.filesbay.net/ Reply Marco December 14, 2009 at 1:25 pm I didnÂ´t know that Twitter has a search engine. (???) Reply Natovr December 13, 2009 at 9:08 am Twitter has a search engine. It's like a thought search engine :) Reply tim December 2, 2009 at 3:58 am thanks good article Reply ldii November 29, 2009 at 12:36 pm Very interesting information. I like it. Reply jual rumah November 29, 2009 at 12:33 pm Quite awesome features. Thank you for the useful share. Reply Nic November 25, 2009 at 11:54 pm well most people using google rite now,but for some reason i prefer using yahoo Reply suckit November 5, 2009 at 11:39 am http://www.scrubd.com <<= documents & books Reply haylet October 29, 2009 at 3:21 pm Maybe engines need to search only trusted sites. I think search4alive.com is pretty good. I found everything like movies, music, programs, e-books even subtitles. They are not just giving the links and the content too. You can give it a try. Reply Jason September 26, 2009 at 7:44 am I personally prefer glotouch.com. It isn't a search engine, but it works great as your homepage...you can choose any search engine you want. Reply mÃ¼zik dinle September 23, 2009 at 11:44 pm Thanks for such a nice info. Reply Mike September 23, 2009 at 1:02 pm Try http://fileknow.com rapidshare search engine. Big and up to date database, Reply almond August 19, 2009 at 11:03 pm how about http://butiwanttowatchit.com/ videos search engines wrap into one Reply OnlineShopper August 17, 2009 at 6:18 am For those who are looking for shopping comparison then the best (xyshop.co.uk) UK online shopping site is XYShop. Reply akram August 8, 2009 at 6:19 am please take a look on the best way to search rapidshare just go to rapidshare and type the thing you like to find and in miliseconds you have it :) have fun Reply arama motoru optimizasyonu July 27, 2009 at 6:02 am thanks for these great resources. I am really glad to find them Reply dnif lima July 25, 2009 at 11:38 am rapidlinkfind.com/ is very good at rapidshare.com files. Reply Tania July 20, 2009 at 10:06 am I think there is no one who can compete google. Reply Super Mobile Game June 26, 2009 at 9:09 pm thanks nashya for avun search engine Reply hilary June 8, 2009 at 11:17 pm this was an amazing list - never heard of any of them! Reply Max Sterbation June 5, 2009 at 9:52 pm redtube youporn pornhub tube8 Reply BobCruncher June 5, 2009 at 6:12 am I always use metacrawler.com. It uses many of the other search engines including Google and Yahoo!, combines the results, rates them, and orders them. Reply FiFtHeLeMeNt June 1, 2009 at 6:23 am Nice List , Thank you. But The Best I found is crawlrapidshare.com it searches the net in real time. I suggest you to add this to your list ;) Reply Nashya May 29, 2009 at 2:58 pm Where's did u get all this info? Its very usefull, thanks! Reply Nashya May 24, 2009 at 12:17 pm Hey Dirav, avun is a complete search engine, thanks. Reply Dhirav May 20, 2009 at 1:36 am http://www.avun.com/ Reply Mitch May 9, 2009 at 8:53 pm Here's the only problem with this list - Google finds just about anything. However most, if not all, of these sites are specialized whether it be for music, video, or what have you. Just puttin' it out there. Reply Rapid4files lover April 27, 2009 at 10:28 pm Very very nice list! Thank you very much Reply david April 18, 2009 at 6:52 am Nice article. Appreciate Coostr. Would like suggest my favorite. Reply Greg April 15, 2009 at 10:00 am For file hosting search engine, i prefer http://www.avun.com Clean design, fast and much search result, no ads annoying. Reply kiura March 26, 2009 at 9:24 pm didn't like. thought rapidshare would be a great idea. yet every time I went to the site, advertisements jumped in my face....without any click on, or near or even appearance of said advertisement. not cool. Reply sam March 10, 2009 at 1:01 am I think alot of the ability of a site to be found has to do with how well a site is built and optimized Reply UTogger February 11, 2009 at 7:17 pm Great post. I'm going to try some of these right now! Reply Chuck February 8, 2009 at 8:50 am I think alot of the ability of a site to be found has to do with how well a site is built and optimized. Most are not optimized correctly and therefore the necessity for different search engines to try to figure out what a page or site is about. Reply Aaqib February 8, 2009 at 12:19 am Gud,, thanks alot Reply High Voltage SEO January 31, 2009 at 1:11 am Excellent article! RE: Jason. Google is by far the search engine of choice, there isn't even a close second. Women prefer Yahoo! above other search engines, but Google is still king. :) Reply Raj January 31, 2009 at 2:53 am Good one Kabir. First comes first is the Logic. asknanu.com Reply fkhan January 30, 2009 at 11:51 am yea nice article and nice comments :). informative Reply Jason January 29, 2009 at 12:37 pm Your statement about "virtually everybody" using Google now is not true. In fact, there are more people than you think that use Yahoo. Yahoo has been around longer than Google. For those of us that have been using the internet since the '90s Yahoo is usually the search engine of choice. For the younger crowd, I would agree that they use mostly Google. Reply Tori January 30, 2009 at 1:29 am I've been using the internet since the 90s and while, yes there was a time when yahoo was the end all be all, I switched to Google as soon as I knew about it. Reply ATOzTOA January 29, 2009 at 8:29 am For Rapidshare, you can take Advanced Search in Google and give domain as rapidshare.com. Reply Kabir Chauhan January 30, 2009 at 12:01 pm Another excellent suggestion. Reply Asweri January 28, 2009 at 7:55 pm Awesome list, great Reply Subhankar Ray January 28, 2009 at 7:46 pm Kabir, Please, check out our search engine AAfter.com with simple features that no one has. Let me know what you think. 1. URL => multiple tinyurls 2. IP or domain => all about IP/ domain and so on.. Cheers! Subhankar Ray Please, remove any duplicate comment. I had problem in commenting here. Reply Subhankar Ray January 28, 2009 at 7:19 pm Well, our search engine http://aafter.com does some cool useful stuff that others do not do. We also do lot less tracking or monitoring. Regards, Subhankar Ray Reply Kabir Chauhan January 30, 2009 at 12:00 pm Subhankar, I've checked your engine out. It's definitely something to be proud of, congrats and what you've accomplished! Reply Matt January 28, 2009 at 3:58 pm Midomi is another awesome search engine. You can hum/sing/whatever the tune and it will match up songs that sound like what you searched for. Reply naam mein kya rakha hai bhai? January 27, 2009 at 5:56 pm This is a rili nice post. awesome! Reply Dorela January 26, 2009 at 9:20 pm Don't forget mininova.org Reply Christopher January 26, 2009 at 10:48 am If the results of the above engines are not from google, they are likely to have come from a site using the same technology... I simply think there is only so far you can go without relying on some sort of expert or human-based filter to clear away the weeds and find what works. Mahalo is fine but seems increasingly weak. Sweetsearch.com is one just launched that appears to have some staying power. Reply saurabh January 26, 2009 at 3:15 am wow, thanks kabir. till now i thought search started and ended with google. cuil and zuula are ok as well. Reply Kabir Chauhan January 30, 2009 at 11:55 am Thanks for the suggestions Saurabh! Reply Jon January 24, 2009 at 9:16 am To second Timothy's comment above, I will say if you can't find any of these things with Google, you are using it wrong. See here if you really want a powerful search that will find exactly what you're looking for: johnny.ihackstuff.com/ghdb.php Reply kris April 7, 2009 at 2:19 pm hey jon... the postings on that link r old.... very old. Reply Rob January 21, 2009 at 3:28 pm I bet you most of those are google backed queries for theirs sites.... Reply Chris January 21, 2009 at 11:34 am These are good but what about the growth in human-powered search and research services? I still have trouble filtering through the ads and jazz when I am doing research online. I may not be 100 percent on the human-driven services but sites like sweetsearch.com are certainly growing on me. Reply Borellus January 21, 2009 at 8:58 am Snazzy, I might use a few of them. Reply lazyking January 20, 2009 at 4:15 pm Nice post! maybe I'll put a link on my blog unboredme.blogspot,com Reply Regine January 20, 2009 at 2:08 am Thank you for sharing this. Reply Kabir Chauhan January 20, 2009 at 10:11 am Thanks for the comment! Reply Seo January 20, 2009 at 12:45 am A good new search engines list except Google. Reply Kabir Chauhan January 20, 2009 at 10:10 am Glad you like it Seo! Reply bebo January 19, 2009 at 7:20 pm What a great list, have only seen 3 of them previously, big stumble bud :) Reply Kabir Chauhan January 20, 2009 at 10:10 am Thanks a bunch bebo Reply tacky residue January 19, 2009 at 6:05 pm Try octoparts.com for hard-to-find electronic bits; it'll search all sorts of datbases and vendor parts lists. Reply Srinivas January 19, 2009 at 12:55 pm Thanks Kabir... Srinivas Reply Srinivas January 19, 2009 at 12:12 pm Hi Any good search engine for e books? particularly IT stream.I know few URL's but they are not complete. Srinivas Reply Kabir Chauhan January 19, 2009 at 12:41 pm I've been trying to find a few but I've only come across some mediocre , you could try ebook-search-engine.com/, but again, its not my favorite site for ebooks. Good Luck! Reply Ross January 19, 2009 at 10:59 am Great info. I will be trying some of the music ones out with some of the many obscure tracks I am after. Reply Eliot Sykes January 19, 2009 at 10:51 am Twitter's search of all tweets is becoming my first choice search engine for some queries http://search.twitter.com/ This could be the best human powered search engine out there. Reply What? January 29, 2009 at 3:22 pm What the hell Eliot, are you retarded? Yes that's very useful, if you want to search twitter. That's hardly a search engine. Anyway, great list. Thanks! Reply Eliot Sykes January 30, 2009 at 3:53 am Good point, well made. I didn't offer much explanation did I? Guess I was in a rush. Apologies. search.twitter.com is great for searching for tweets containing links. "filter:links" is good for this. For example, if you wanted to find articles on oscar nominations try "oscar nominations filter:links" http://search.twitter.com/search?q=&ands=oscar+nominations&phrase=&ors=&nots=&tag=&lang=all&from=&to=&ref=&near=&within=15&units=mi&since=&until=&filter=links&rpp=15 Now what'd be handy is if these results could be shown as just the links ordered by the number of times a link is tweeted - anyone know anything that does something like this? Thought I read about something on Mashable about this but can't find it now. Reply Timothy January 19, 2009 at 9:23 am Good for people who don't know how to harness the power of google. For others, who are capable of understanding complex Google queries, you should try that. If you know what you are doing you can use Google to find just about anything. The only other search engines I use are those integrated with Flickr or DeviantART (to find Creative Commons images). Reply Asheer March 9, 2009 at 11:21 am hey nice say man i completely agree with u with correct keywords u can surely reveal the awesome power of google Reply Crysiss January 19, 2009 at 8:55 am No, not mininova - isohunt.com is better because it is indexing mininova and over 500 other torrent sites. Reply torrent January 19, 2009 at 6:17 am Ok, but you missed mininova.org Reply Mason January 19, 2009 at 10:55 am Good list. fansnap.com & ticketstumbler.com do the same thing as tickex - check them out! Reply Kabir Chauhan January 19, 2009 at 12:38 pm Mason, I have to say these are not too shabby. Reply falaque January 19, 2009 at 5:22 am Google is no more god...:) Thanks for such a nice info. Reply unknown January 19, 2009 at 3:39 am Any good site that has quality FREE xxx stuff Reply Audrey January 26, 2009 at 9:10 pm redtube.com Reply honkerparade March 27, 2009 at 10:51 pm yep Reply Chris January 19, 2009 at 2:54 am It is time people wake up to the grave dangers in putting everything into the corporate hands of just one or two companies (online or off). Therefore, I thank you for showing that it is not just possible, but doable. Reply Ammar January 19, 2009 at 2:36 am All are the same. All are full of Ads :-D Reply Medisoft January 11, 2010 at 10:10 am I use findsounds.com to find little audio clips like a door closing, baby crying, car starting, etc. No ads either. Reply guille January 19, 2009 at 5:57 am Try Reply James January 19, 2009 at 5:49 am Don't forget the Science search engines scirus.com and for papers arxiv.org is invaluable. Arxiv is referenced regularaly as a source of information for the widely regarded NewScientist Magazine. Reply ADwyer January 21, 2009 at 9:09 am Thanks for sharing this James, really good resource for my business. Great that this post has been so productive in uncovering great info. Thanks everyone! Reply FredThompson January 12, 2010 at 9:49 am New Scientist is part of the AGW fraud. "Highly regarded" as "scientific" propaganda, perhaps... Reply Viral January 19, 2009 at 4:17 am Have a look at MagicLamp (magiclamp.qsh.in) A highly customized search to help find the following: - Movies - Songs - Code Makes use of google custom search but has a highly powerful customization. Additionally there are lists of ~1000 sites in each category to stress upon when searching. The results are just awesome. Reply Jim January 18, 2009 at 7:24 pm http://rapidshare-search-engine.com/ is better than Rapidshare1 no annoying pop ups Reply CA February 5, 2009 at 8:04 am Yes there are pop ups on this site and my virus checker picked up a Trojan...thank goodness Ihave that! Reply tansui January 18, 2009 at 11:10 pm You missed out two good search engines : downloadanystuff.org for downloading free stuff and fatfingers.com/ for finding things on ebay Reply Kabir Chauhan January 19, 2009 at 12:37 pm These are some excellent picks! Reply Saikat Basu 1217 articles Saikat is a techno-adventurer in a writer's garb. When he is not scouring the net for tech news, you can catch him looking for life hacks and learning tidbits. You can find him on LinkedIn & Twitter watching over the world. Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Trending Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Android Entertainment Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right… Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You… This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Advertisement Related Articles Amazon’s Advanced Search Sucks: Here’s What You Need Instead Internet Amazon’s Advanced Search Sucks: Here’s What You Need Instead This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search How to Research Health Issues: The Best Alternatives to Dr. Google Internet How to Research Health Issues: The Best Alternatives to Dr. Google Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Google+ isn’t dead, but it is drowning in spam (though it plans to do something about it) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 10:20am PDTMay 29, 2017 160 Plus 1 on G+ 76 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares300 Editorials Google Last month Gideon Rosenblatt did a post on Google+ about the very platform, and it resonated with us here at AP. Many of you may know that we have invested a lot of our time here into Google+. After all, this is Android Police, and Google+ is as much a product of Google as Android is. But, we’ve been disheartened recently by issues with the social network. Most notably, a growing problem with spam. Our own site founder and owner, Artem, spoke out recently about his problems with the platform in the wake of Rosenblatt's post. And his is just one of many posts which have been attracting more attention and discussion on the subject. All of this has even prompted a response from an engineering manager at Google, who says that it is going to make a greater effort to fix things in the future. But spam is just one symptom of the platform's problems. I can't talk about spam without talking about what causes it. Unfortunately, that means I need to beat a bit of a dead horse. A lot of the problems you've heard about the platform in the past are contributing factors. Spam is an indicator of health, and the often-discussed historical problems with Google+ are the diseases. So it might seem that I'm digressing onto a well-worn subject here, but it is important to the discussion. All the old problems From a development perspective, Google has been distancing its social platform from its other tools as much as it can. Photos and Hangouts were once both integral parts of the Google+ experience. But, much as each subsequent update to Google+ has removed or limited features, each year seems to take away integration with another Google service. Hangouts on Air, Google Photos, Shared Circles, location sharing, Google+ Local, with all these things gone it may almost be fair to say that Google+ may have seen more features removed from the service than it has in total at present. Although it was made a part of G Suite last year, it may be a bit too late, and the utility to businesses for the social platform is likely limited. By design or accident, ostracizing Google+ in this way may have resulted in stagnation. Isolation reduces the user count and the number of eyes on content. And that stagnation is a breeding pool for spam. Google’s advocacy for the social platform has also diminished. Many prominent Googlers, as well as people in the core Google+ team, are barely even using the service. If your own employees can’t be motivated to use your product — if not on merit, at least as a means of promoting it — then what sort of attention is being paid to it? Writing here at AP, when I embed social content from Google, it almost always comes from one of two places: Twitter or YouTube. Part of that is because Google posts more things to those platforms than it does to Google+, and that’s a problem. Consider the difference in content volume between the Google Photos Twitter, Google Photos Blog, and Google Photos Google+ account. The last one of those only saw four posts this year. So not only are Googlers not using the platform, Google also recognizes the lack of marketing value for its own self-promotion. And even those few posts made by official Google accounts have had issues with spam. Thankfully in light of the recent attention drawn to the subject, they've been mostly cleaned up. But, if Google's own content has problems with it, imagine what users face. And all the new ones All the other, well-discussed issues have not been enough to prevent Google+ from soldiering on as a niche network. It isn't Facebook (thankfully), or Twitter, but people use it. Adoption may have slowed, and utility might be diminished, but it has a user base. A surprising number of little communities have popped up inside it. Developers with Android apps have been using it as a platform for app communications, beta tests, and technical support. In the realm of Google related software development, the platform is a small but bustling community attached to the larger market. And the people there like it. At least, they like it when the signal to noise ratio remains high enough to drown out the spam. To be fair, one can't claim this is a problem exclusive to Google+. All social media platforms have problems with spam, it’s basically a rule. As the barriers to mass communication become lower on a given platform, the quantity of submitted content that is used for marketing purposes increases. It becomes a delicate balance. How easy can you make account creation before every account is a bot? How easy should comment removal or reporting be so that spam can be caught, but censorship isn’t abused? What sort of burden can be placed on users, and how much responsibility for policing content can be delegated? Given the widespread nature of spam on most high-profile Google+ posts, this particular balance may need some adjustment. Some of the recent changes to Google+ have also increased the proliferation of spam. A lot of the older functionality that made managing content easier was stripped out in the responsive redesign of 2015-2016. Although the new site is more performant and consumes much less data, it also has a lot fewer methods of user interaction with content. Every post view is now a click, and comments must either be scrolled or each post opened in a new window, both of which make reporting content that little bit harder. Increasing the number of barriers for finding and reporting spam makes each post its own little breeding ground. Even in a perfect world, nothing can ever entirely eliminate spam. Everyone has a Grandma selling Avon that doesn’t care how much people might dislike her relentless self-promotion on Facebook, or a cousin who is stuck in a pyramid scheme and blissfully unaware of his predicament. But more steps need to be taken by Google to decrease its presence. Unfortunately, that's much easier for us to say than it is for Google to do. What can be done? As GitHub previously needed a wake-up call for how to better treat things on a social level, Google might also need to reexamine a few things about how it wants to handle Google+ going forward. Just because the platform has become niche doesn’t mean it doesn’t have a future. For fans of Google’s services, developers on its platforms, and news outlets such as ourselves, the service has genuine utility left in it. To that end, Google has responded to the recent criticisms leveled at the service by promising to do things better going forward. And knowing Google, it will find a novel solution to the problem. But can the it be fixed by itself? Across two responses to the recent posts complaining about spam, Google+ engineer manager Leo Deegan stated that it was the number 1 issue to be addressed going forward. He also acknowledged that some of the interface changes in the redesign on Desktop made things more difficult, but changes are planned for the future. Some of their areas of focus going forward will include better spam control, enhanced community moderation, cleaner notifications, and better navigation. It might seem from the outside that change is occurring slowly, but a lot of work has been done updating things behind the scenes. He reaffirmed that Google is committed to the future of G+, as demonstrated by its inclusion as a core G Suite product, and was glad that the community was providing feedback about these concerns. Spam might just be an indicator that a platform is popular enough to be a target, but a number of the tools that could potentially be used to fight it aren't possible as a result of the other problems I mentioned. By ostracizing Google+, all Google does is ensure that the spam stays in a closed box. If more of Google's services made use of the platform, more eyes would be on its content, and more would likely be reported. With more eyes in Google+ the volume of spam might not change, but spam itself would be reported faster and more frequently. And by not using the service — either as individuals or professionally — Google further decreases the number of eyes on content. In reddit parlance: admins are asleep, post spam. But, imagine they never woke up. It's like an abandoned house covered with graffiti. If the landlord doesn't check in, and a lack of business keeps visitors from the area, all the people living in the neighborhood still have to put up with it. Unfortunately for Google, the cost for us to leave is 0. But fortunately for the neighbors, Google has promised to renovate soon. Tags Google Google Plus opinion spam subscribe ... Previous Story Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more ... Next Story Samsung's new SoundAssistant app gives you greater control over sound on your Galaxy device ... Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments 4Ui812 If Google+ Was a baby it would have been "still born" Francisco Franco No. Mace Moneta You're right, it wasn't dead on arrival. It was actually quite active for a while, and I hit about 80,000 followers. I followed hundreds of interesting people. Had thousands of great discussions. Then the spam started. We all complained to Google, but it was like talking to ourselves. After a while, I was spending most of my time on the service blocking spam, while all the people I followed gave up and left. I left about 6 months ago, as my feed slowly came to a halt due to the exodus. This is much the same sequence as all the social media sites that have come before. Great for a while, turns to crap, I move on. It was great while it lasted. If you're still finding G+ useful, more power to you. chromaniac The problem started when Google decided that they know what Google+ should be instead of what the users of the platform wanted it to be. I was part of the Google+ Help community and it was painful to see TCs and RSs repeating the same thing again and again every time a feature was killed or detached from the platform. In the last couple of months, there were one or two individual accounts that were posting updates. Most of which were teeny tiny enhancements or bug fixes that no one cared about. It's insane how badly they killed a solid platform with a small but dedicated user base. Of course, for a company the size of Google, a product needs to have a sizable user base which Google+ never attained. Too bad, instead of killing it like Google Reader, they keep on dragging it on and on and on insulting the remaining users/fans. bekifft And don't forget that they killed Google Reader specifically because it was seen as a threat to the growth of Google+. I'm still mad at them for that. bekifft There's no metaphor for Google+ as a baby, Google+ was more of a clone born out of a desperate fear of Facebook, combined with poor management. It was always a solution in search of a problem that only Google had and no one else saw as a problem. The start of Google+ and the reign of Larry Page perfectly coincide with the start of Google losing focus. It's been all downhill from there, from a user focus perspective. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Well stated. Cliff Wade Huge thanks to Ryne Hager for the mention and linking to my post. :) Ryne Hager Woo! Thanks for being cool with me doing it. First (real) op-ed. Cliff Wade @ryne_hager:disqus Any time man. Excellent article, but then again, it's written on AP, so you know it's going to be good! :) In all seriousness, really good article and a lot of good stuff was mentioned and discussed. I am a member of the G+ Early Access community, Google+ Create and Community Vanguards(got invited into the last two because of my post you linked to) and I can say there are quite a few things being worked on. One of which deals with spam but I can't elaborate unfortunately. It's just one small step towards what will be coming in the near future hopefully. Leo Deegan, Carter Gibson, LeAnne Osborne and others are very active on G+ and it's good to see things being discussed, both openly and in private communities about the future and updates to G+. I really feel there are some changes coming soon. Ryne Hager Good to hear! I am confident Google will be able to sort things out for the platform. yanick So many astrologers and this article is only opinion. Why didn't you asked them about G+ future? :-))) Ryne Hager Damn, I could have avoided writing this entirely. Next time. ScottColbert Gee, maybe that's why it's tagged as an editorial. #ReadingIsFundamental . Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de92c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de92c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs382ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de92c:....,..... Nick Coad Wooooosh abc Gee, you're an idiot. Mace Moneta Most of the people I followed on G+ starting leaving about a year ago due to the spam. I finally left about 6 months ago. Amazingly, Twitter was much better, though it obviously doesn't easily support long form content. So now, 18 months after the people I know started to leave, Google has decided to address the problem? Great. IainPurdie Gave up on G+ several months ago when they "updated" it. At that point, any posts I put up on my business page were "Me Only" and there was no way to change it. The page with the option to fix this was inaccessible. G+ became, essentially, useless. Plus, they never opened it up fully to allow third party apps to post to it as Twitter and FB have done, making it too much donkey work to use. Then there's the atrocious app that throws stuff from my feed at me in a worse, more random fashion than facebook. It's impossible to find a post you read two minutes ago. skeleton My girlfriend says she doesn't know how to work it, they need to make it more accessible to the average Joe. Suicide_Note Maybe your girlfriend isn't too bright to begin with? skeleton Maybe you're a fucking prick but that's not the point.. Suicide_Note Oh, i totally am, but that doesn't change the fact that your girl is a dim bulb. skeleton Good one, did that make your day? Suicide_Note No, but then it wasn't supposed to. Getting good news about my Porsche made my day, however. How's your day going? skeleton Oh shit you have a Porsche! My bad carry on.. Anunnaki Uninstalled it few months ago and have never looked back. catalysto Brave. abc lol, butthurt fanboy. catalysto So brave. Suicide_Note Courageous. abc fanboy's bum hurts. edmann Most of those spam posts come from middle eastern's and Indians. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Where else you gonna go if you need the services of Baba Ji: black magic specialist? NeilR Go to the US of A for some white magic from this white magic specialist. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/77b2e23f4aa5dd55b2ae37db1c66f39d6491b46ad995b00139dd807c92615697.gif PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ http://d.christianpost.com/full/101519/hillary-clinton-supporter-cries.jpg NeilR Yeah, everyone who doesn't like Trump has to be a feminist and a Hillary supporter. You must be one of those Alt Right bunch. Many Indian-Americans supported Trump, too bad they never met racist dipsthits like you else they'd have surely reconsidered. P.S. Did you just link to a pic on christianpost.com? Oh I see, that's why you don't like Indians. Too many heathens there? abc lol. It must be nice being American. In your tiny world, everyone either supports Trump or Hillary. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It must be nice being American. http://i.onionstatic.com/avclub/2294/30/16x9/960.jpg aRvInD Sadly true. Those spammers clearly target all android beginners and spam them with irrelevant ads. Come here and most economical public buses have exactly same such fake astrology ads all over... NeilR You can find spam anywhere in the world but at least those fake astrology ads are simple enough to be brushed off as most people as spam. NeilR Just because the author of the article linked a few screenshots of spam posts you assume most of the spam on Google+ comes from middle east and India. Nice. Any other sweeping generalizations you make? abc No.1 in spam!! 'Murica, fuck yeah! Ryne Hager You are right, the images are a bit too repetitive. Just to make it clear we didn't intend to single anyone out, I've changed a few of the images in the editorial. Vikas For me Google+ is just a tool to signup for beta or tech support of any app or product. chromaniac Google removed that requirement long time ago. Google+ Sign-in because Google Sign-in. Hamza Abass grateful permit easy access to my google+ account at any time. Vikas These Astrologer, Lost Lover and Champcash spammers can be found everywhere here in India. Carlos Eugênio Meanwhile many normal posts are being considered spam without the option or possibility to approve them in our communities. Schultzter I still say there's nothing new in Google+ that Google didn't already have in their existing products. Their effort would have been much better improving the products they had, keep them separate but make it easy to move from one to the other from within Google. There's no point trying to build a better Facebook now that everyone is already on Facebook. chromaniac The way Google f'ed it up after departure of Vic is astonishing. I finally deleted my account 2 weeks ago. I only miss following the posts of few folks who I believe only post on Google+. But the user experience had become so painful that it was time to say it goodbye. Unbelievable what Google did with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It's not like you can just crack the social media market and become relevant at will, regardless of resources at your disposal. I can sort of imagine the reasons why Twitter got so popular, but don't think it would be easy to try to replicate it. YuCMi You're right, it also takes some awareness and a plan. Both of which Google never seemed to have. Stu I still use it but solely to perform the basic functions that Google Spaces did before Google stopped developing for it. aRvInD When many Googlers who write Android code still use iPhone as primary devices clearly says they themselves aren't interested much in their products... Harsh but truth..! Zsolt V Harsh but a lie. aRvInD Lie?? When why iPhone's Google apps often contain some new features before they get pushed to android beta users? Zsolt V Often? It happens very rarely and then it's because different teams work on different platforms. But what the fuck does that have anything to do with Google+? Or do you really think that the choice that person makes has any influence on the release schedule? At least at Google there is a choice. Can you imagine an Apple employee using a non-iPhone or non-Mac? Vantius Google+ in it's early days had a lot of interesting and new ideas to social media. The idea of putting people into groups based on interests and assigning audiences to posts based on those groups was a great idea. The idea of being able share live videos was a good idea too. It forced Facebook to adapt and improve it's own services. But, Google lost sight and IMHO started going downhill on the introduction of collections. it became obvious that they didn't know which way to take it. András Oláh I think Collections was a great idea but terrible implementation especially after the material design update. If it is a pain to manage your own collections and required 5+ clicks to set the collection you want to post to, no wonder no-one will use it. And the Collections landing page is even more terrible, there is zero visual indication whether a followed collection has any new content or not. I stopped following new collections because I felt that there is no point, as I will never see again those post in my stream. I stopped using more than 4 collections because of the inconvenient UI of switching collections. catalysto Sharing to collections is very easy. Sharing a photo to the G+ app, you can choose any collection or group you want right at the top. Metallinatus But.... did the black mage solve your problem? Ryne Hager 'course they did. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/495e00ef0755a130a47e98be9a9c81d1d83b992ccf87a3ab2b590f99a9c25400.gif Urmil Shroff I hope they do something about this, quickly. Peter Garlinski Maybe I'm one of the few, but Google+ works quite well and I've never encountered spam. Maybe it's because I've spent time with getting my circles setup with legitimate, decent people I want to get content from. With Facebook, I find it harder to really cut through the crap to talk to new people. Google+ makes it easier to do that. If Facebook ditched their awful feed concept, I would use it more, but right now Google+ is my go to platform. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ I'll second that never encountering much spam on Google+ part, at least compared to Facebook. I'm admin on a couple of user groups on Facebook and this week I had to ban at least 15 people for posting Malaysian child pornography videos..imagine. I mean I'd take astrology and sexy love any day over that despicable content. Timothy Vreeland I'll third it. I never see spam on G+. Where are the authors seeing it? My feed just has regular posts from my friends. Thomas Cole I get the job done from comfort of my own home, through simple projects which only needs only from you a Computer in addition to connection to the web and I am just more successful than ever before... After 6 months during this project and i got paid for overall 36,000 usd... Generally I acquire nearly 80 bucks/hr and also work for 3 to 4 hrs daily.And superb thing with this task is usually that you can also supervise time period whenever you work and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check in one week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I work from ease and comfort of my house, with quick tasks that only require from you a Computer system together with connection to the internet and I am also pleasant than ever before... After six months with this project and therefore i acquired compensated overall Thirty six Thousand dollars... Mainly I get near eighty bucks/h and also work for three to four hrs daily.And tremendous factor regarding this job is usually that you can arrange your time whenever you work and for how long as you may like and you earn a paycheck weekly........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now Michael Schaap If you make a post on Google+, and there's nobody there to read it, does it have an impact? YuCMi No, because it's probably spam. YuCMi Google+ doesn't have any quality content in their trending page. At one point I wondered if it could emulate Reddit, but there's no -1 button or a way to block all the cringe teenager oriented communities. If only Google+ let their users decide what they want to see. Instead you have absolute garbage trending. Dmitry Stepanushkin IMPORTANT - You could be entitled up to £3,160 in compensation from mis-sold PPI on a credit card or loan. Please reply PPI for info or STOP to opt out. Just kidding😂 Lord Argyris That black magic specialist stuff seems to be the in thing for spammers these days. I've seen it several other places lately. Robin Hugli I use Google + a lot, not as social media but for all community for apps , beta apps community and all Android roms and development community or all popular tech news website etc , it's really good and quite active. But that's true,if a community for example become less active, like an app community that isn't updated often and the community become a bit dead , it become a spam place , many spam posts as the moderator isn't active. It's quite sad. What I suggested: on telegram, the owner of the chat can add administrators bots , that can detect spam or unsuitable post , automatically delete those posts , ban or warm people. That can be very useful on Google plus. Ryan Its really hard to care at this point. Google+ had some decent ideas around social but it was too late to the game so they "forced" people onto the platform by moving services that shouldn't have been there onto there. I only had G+ for photos and sharing location (when they stripped latitude from Google Maps). And both of those rolled out with LESS functionality as a part of G+ than they did prior. Right or wrong by being forced to use G+ to get them AND the stripped functionality it created a negative association with G+ for me. I was ready for G+ to die from day one and was glad when it did (died as in I can finally uninstall the app because Google isnt forcing me into it). That was the day that location sharing returned to where it should have been all along, Google Maps. Now I have to look forward to the failure of Allo/Duo so Google can return to a real all-in-one messaging platform like what Hangouts was becoming. Sadly it will probably be 3 years from now and nobody will care because they will be even farther behind than they already are. Fruity101079 I don't know if G+ is good or not, I never understand exactly how to navigate, explore, etc... Ui doesn't seem ergonomic, for me. Allen Martin G+ is actually a great platform in terms of what it offers and from a technology standpoint. It just doesn't have ubiquity, which makes it undesirable. And it's cool to make fun of the underdog. I actually use G+ as a news feed for tech news - and most tech news sites post to it regularly (even Android Police). If it ever goes away, I won't be upset but it would be cool if it realizes potential greater than what it is. derp_cookies I'm the owner of the C++ community on Google+ with just over 100,000 users. Spam is absolutely insane. Granted, they're pretty good at flagging spam, but I had to switch all posts to require moderation because it was so bad. My list of banned users is tens of thousands long. They definitely have a spam problem; maybe normal folks won't notice it, and it's more of an issue with communities? Also side note: Is it possible to read a headline somewhere about Google+ without the word "dead" in it? Kieron Quinn I'm an admin of the XDA community (unofficial, 188K members), we used to have loads of spam but it's dropped significantly recently. How many moderators do you have? derp_cookies About 4 at the moment. D.Smithee *crickets* abc Good. Can't wait for it to die. One less piece of Google bloatware on my phone. Gabby Now if we could only get the same examination of Disqus spam. Almost all of it looks so similar that their continuing failure to block it makes me suspect they are actually profiting from the spam somehow. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 111 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 111 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.364s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Comey hearing consumes Washington The Trump administration's lonely voice for human rights Trump fires away on Twitter after London attack London attackers killed in 'unprecedented' hail of bullets Meet the GOP senator who wants to bridge the Obamacare divide The bottleneck in Rex Tillerson’s State Department Politico Morning Tech A daily download of technology news from Washington and Silicon Valley Get the Morning Tech Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print FCC quorum politics By Li Zhou 05/30/2017 10:00 AM EDT With help from Margaret Harding McGill and Nancy Scola FCC PARLOUR GAMES — Speculation has swirled for months about the possibility that Democratic Commissioner Mignon Clyburn would depart the agency, leaving it without the quorum of three commissioners necessary to conduct major business. Some on the left have sketched out a strategy where she stymies the net neutrality rulemaking by doing so — crippling the agency, but also slowing the Republican majority’s efforts to reverse Obama-era rules. But a little-known agency rule that would allow FCC Chairman Ajit Pai to convene a so-called “board of commissioners” if a quorum can’t be met adds another wrinkle to the wonky calculations. Story Continued Below — The board of commissioners — which would be Pai and follow GOP Commissioner Mike O’Rielly - would have the power to largely carry out commission business as usual. And while there is an exception to prevent the board from finalizing rules, they can override that if they deem it’s in the public interest to do so. Lawyers familiar with the FCC’s rules tell Margaret this means Pai and O’Rielly could finalize the roll-back on net neutrality even if Clyburn tries to stop them by leaving the commission. A spokesperson for Clyburn’s office said she is “well aware” of the option to form such a board. “This is why Commissioner Clyburn has continued to reiterate the importance of having a minority voice at the table that pushes back against an agenda that does not put #ConsumersFirst,” the spokesperson said in a statement. — To be sure, the political cost of moving forward with the controversial change in an unorthodox way would be high. And it could bring additional risks in the expected legal challenge to come. FCC watchers don’t expect it to come to this, but with Clyburn’s term technically expiring in June, it’s something that’s on the radar of the chairman’s office. TECH SPEAKS OUT AGAINST TEXAS BATHROOM BILL — In an echo of what happened in North Carolina last year, more than a dozen prominent techies including Apple’s Tim Cook, Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg, Salesforce’s Marc Benioff and IBM’s Ginni Rometty are urging Texas Gov. Greg Abbott to reject any legislation that would impose restrictions on the bathroom usage by transgender students. The state legislature is reviewing a bill mandating that transgender students can only use the bathroom matching the gender on their birth certificates. — The tech leaders say such policies are “bad for our employees and bad for business,” while highlighting the economic heft their companies have within the state of Texas. Benioff previously used Salesforce’s business presence in Indiana to pressure then-governor Mike Pence to reverse course on a bill that could give businesses legal cover if they refused service to LGBT individuals. “As large employers in the state, we are gravely concerned that any such legislation would deeply tarnish Texas’ reputation as open and friendly to businesses and families,” the tech executives write. CCIA GETS GOOGLE'S BACK IN ORACLE PATENT FIGHT — Amicus briefs are due today in federal appeals court for those siding with Google in the long-running battle over whether it violated Oracle’s patents and copyright when it used the Java programming language and related APIs to develop its Android operating system. First in, and beating the post-holiday rush, is that of the Computer & Communications Industry Association, whose President and CEO Ed Black says “if copying code to ensure a product is interoperable is prohibited by the court, it will have a chilling effect on innovation." (Google is among CCIA's member companies, as are other giants such as Amazon, Facebook and Microsoft.) Briefs lining up behind Oracle's side on the case were due in February; among those filing one then was the Copyright Alliance, which argued that concluding Google had engaged in "fair use" could "radically diminish the copyright protection available to recording artists and record companies, book publishers, and others." Expect more Google-supporting briefs to flow in today. After that, the next big date to look out for in the case is July 3 — the deadline for Oracle to put its final written arguments before the court. GOOD TUESDAY MORNING and welcome to Morning Tech, where we feel like this tech-inspired creation is a latte. Send your tech and telecom tips to lzhou@politico.com and @liszhou. Catch the rest of the team’s contact info after Quick Downloads. ICYMI: DELRAHIM TALKS DOWNSIDES OF VERTICAL MERGERS — DOJ antitrust nominee Makan Delrahim acknowledged that vertical mergers — a category the AT&T-Time Warner union falls into — can have negative antitrust impacts, in written responses that he submitted to the Senate Judiciary Committee. “There are instances when vertical mergers can have anticompetitive effects,” he writes. “The vertical mergers most likely to require a close look by government enforcers are those where there is risk that upstream or downstream competition may be foreclosed by the transaction.” Delrahim also touched on a number of other topics that could be of interest to techies: — On the role of IP protections in promoting innovation: “It is my view that the intellectual property laws combined with the proper enforcement of antitrust laws together form the basis of our successful innovation policy. … One of the [the] challenges I foresee in this area is dealing with international enforcers who may not necessarily place the same value on intellectual property rights abroad that we do in the United States, or that may enforce their antitrust laws in ways that could stifle innovation.” — On whether antitrust laws should keep up with the convergence of tech and telecom: “The antitrust laws have been in place for well over 100 years and continue to play a vital role in protecting competition despite how the economy and industries have evolved. I believe those laws are flexible enough to take in account industries that are rapidly evolving and involve converging platforms and technologies.” — On the state of competition in the wireless market: “I have not recently studied the state of competition in the wireless market and therefore do not have any particular impression regarding its competitiveness at this time.” UHF DISCOUNT LEGAL BATTLE — The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals wants the FCC to explain by Thursday why the court shouldn’t order the agency to hold off on implementing the so-called UHF discount. Free Press, Common Cause and other groups asked the federal appeals court on Friday to pause the reinstatement of the discount pending their appeal. The discount effectively loosens the FCC’s TV ownership rules by changing the way UHF stations count toward calculating a company’s reach. According to the court documents, it’s scheduled to take effect June 5. ITIF BROWSER ACT — The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation is one of the latest tech groups to oppose the BROWSER Act recently introduced by House telecom Chairman Marsha Blackburn. The bill would require certain online platforms like Google and Facebook, as well as ISPs, to establish opt-in policies for sharing users’ sensitive information including browsing data. “Congress should reject this legislation, or any similar proposal that attempts to impose opt-in requirements on the digital economy,” ITIF vice president Daniel Castro writes in a blog post. “The only redeeming feature of the BROWSER Act is its pre-emption of state internet privacy rules — because the only thing worse than a bad law is a patchwork of them.” SILICON VALLEY MUST-READS — — Google says gathering data on equal pay too expensive: In response to a Department of Labor investigation that alleges the tech company has a systemic problem underpaying women, Google said it would be too costly for it to compile the salary data that the government requested about the issue, The Guardian reports. A DoL attorney responded to these claims with skepticism, saying: “Google would be able to absorb the cost as easy as a dry kitchen sponge could absorb a single drop of water.” — British Airways hit with IT glitch: It really hasn’t been a great year for airlines and another incident this weekend just continued to pile on to the series of snafus and PR scandals the industry has experienced. British Airways was forced to suspend all flights out of London after an IT mishap left its systems down, Market Watch reports. — Spotify settles copyright suit: “Spotify has reached a settlement with a group of songwriters who had sued for copyright infringement, eliminating an (sic) potential complication to the public offering that the streaming service is planning later this year,” Billboard reports. “Under the agreement which will need to be approved by the court, the streaming company will set up a fund worth $43.4 million to compensate songwriters and publishers whose compositions the service used without paying mechanical royalties.” TRANSITIONS — DocuSign is the latest company to join BSA | The Software Alliance. QUICK DOWNLOADS Holder’s Uber report expected Wednesday: “Former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder is expected to present his report on Uber's workplace issues ― including specific allegations of sexual harassment and discrimination ― to the company's board of directors this Wednesday,” Axios reports. AlphaGo retires: Following its defeat of the best human player of the board game Go in the world, Google’s DeepMind AI isn’t set to play any more event matches, The Verge reports. Japan to update policies on drone deliveries and self-driving cars: “Japan aims to finalize on June 9 plans to allow package delivery by drone sometime from 2020 and the commercialization of self-driving trucks by 2022, as it scrambles to breathe new life into its corporate sector, sources told Reuters.” Tips, comments, suggestions? Send them along via email to our team: Eric Engleman (eengleman@politico.com, @ericengleman), Angela Greiling Keane (agreilingkeane@politico.com, @agreilingkeane), Nancy Scola (nscola@politico.com, @nancyscola), Margaret Harding McGill (mmcgill@politico.com, @margarethmcgill), Ashley Gold (agold@politico.com, @ashleyrgold), Steven Overly (soverly@politico.com, @stevenoverly) and Li Zhou (lzhou@politico.com, @liszhou) « View Archives Authors: Li Zhou lzhou@politico.com About The Author Li Zhou is a technology reporter for POLITICO Pro. She previously worked at The Atlantic as an editorial fellow, and has written for The Boston Globe and Smithsonian Magazine. She is originally from northern California and graduated from Harvard. You can usually find her eating munchkins in the Longworth Dunkin. Most Read Putin denies having compromising information on Trump I Fought For a Better Israel Than This Morning Tech - POLITICO Archive Friday, 6/2/17 Thursday, 6/1/17 Wednesday, 5/31/17 Tuesday, 5/30/17 Friday, 5/26/17 View the Full Morning Tech Archives » Politico Magazine Is Trump Fighting Terrorism? By Daniel Benjamin A Noun, a Verb and Vladimir Putin By Matt Latimer Week 2: Jared’s Time in the Barrel By Jack Shafer I Fought For a Better Israel Than This By Hirsh Goodman More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
jalopnik Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video Jalopnik Reviews Foxtrot Alpha Black Flag Truck Yeah Lanesplitter The Garage Ford's Fired CEO Got Burnt When The Google Deal Collapsed Stef SchraderTuesday 10:07am Filed to: The Morning Shift TMS Dieselgate Ford Google BMW Bosch Hatchbacks 195 1 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Photo credit: Ethan Miller/Getty Images Good morning! Welcome to The Morning Shift, your roundup of the auto news you crave, all in one place every weekday morning. Here are the important stories you need to know. 1st Gear: Google Was The Last Straw For Mark Fields At Ford We all know why, more or less, former Ford CEO Mark Fields was abruptly let go last week: Ford’s stock price is way down as it, and other automakers, have a hard time convincing Wall Street they’re prepared for the future. And the board isn’t happy. Advertisement But there’s more to that situation, Sharon Carty over at Automotive News reports in a must-read story. Fields knew a big tech partnership with a Silicon Valley firm would make a huge splash and give him the investor confidence Ford needed. That’s why he tried to make a deal with Google to develop autonomous vehicles at the end of 2015, before any of the major automakers had a solid plan to make autonomous vehicles work. At the time, Google was also still looking for a car platform—preferably hybrid and/or electric—to build their autonomous technology on. But it was this failure to seal the deal that became the beginning of the end for the Ford board’s confidence in Fields as CEO. Automotive News writes: A look back at the timeline of the Ford-Google talks reveals a moment that became a turning point in Fields’ career at Ford. His failure to pull off the deal indirectly left Ford struggling to voice an autonomous vehicle strategy that resonated with stakeholders and led to the emergence of Jim Hackett as his replacement as CEO. Sources who spoke with Automotive News described a true culture clash between the two companies: Google was comfortable with the Silicon Valley approach of “frenemies” — sometimes partnering with competitors so each side can learn something. That concept seemed anathema to Ford, sources said. Overall, one of these partners was way into this budding relationship than the other. Google wanted more of a quiet technical partnership whereas Fields and Ford wanted to do something big enough to bump that lagging stock price. News of a possible partnership still leaked out to the press, which bumped Ford’s stock but caused a dip in Google’s. When an expected announcement about a Ford-Google tie-up didn’t happen at the Consumer Electronics Show in 2015, no one was happy. Advertisement Sponsored Ultimately, this culture clash was enough to kill the deal, which in turn, convinced Ford’s board that Fields had to go. Automotive News writes: Within weeks of the deal falling apart, Executive Chairman Bill Ford identified [Jim] Hackett, a member of Ford’s board, as someone who had a good relationship with Silicon Valley. Hackett was named head of the new Ford Smart Mobility unit just a few weeks after that and was named CEO a little more than a year later. You can read the whole unusual tale here. Advertisement 2nd Gear: Bosch Now In Trouble With BMW Over Missing Parts First Dieselgate, now BMW—the troubles for embattled automotive supplier giant Bosch just don’t seem to end. BMW is seeking compensation from Bosch after missing Bosch components for many BMW models—including the ultra-popular 3-series—ground production to a halt in BMW plants in Germany, China and South Africa, reports Bloomberg: Advertisement A lack of steering gears supplied by Bosch, the world’s largest car parts supplier, means there’s only limited vehicle production at various German plants, while factories in Tiexi, China, and Rosslyn, South Africa, have moved up or extended planned interruptions, BMW purchasing chief Markus Duesmann said Monday in an emailed statement. Bosch said it’s working intensively with BMW to minimize the impact. The disruption was caused by a bottleneck at an Italian company that supplies the casings for Bosch’s electronic-steering systems, the Stuttgart, Germany-based firm said in an emailed statement. It dispatched employees to Italy to help solve the problem as soon as possible. BMW is still recovering from a rough first quarter where their profitability dropped in the midst of overhauling several models at once and investment in new technology at the company. The steering gear shortage interrupted production of many of BMW’s bread-and-butter smaller cars, including the 1-series, 2-series, 3-series and 4-series. Advertisement While BMW can make up some for lost time by adding shifts, it’s unclear how much the parts shortage has cost them just yet. Either way, they’re blaming Bosch for it and want Bosch to pay up. 3rd Gear: Porsche SE Denies Misleading Investors About Dieselgate Because Of Course They Do Advertisement Seriously, who would fess up to that? Porsche SE, the investment vehicle which holds the majority of Volkswagen AG’s shares, denies that they misled investors when it comes to Dieselgate, despite having many of Dieselgate’s key figures on its board, writes Automotive News: ﻿“We view all legal claims against Porsche SE related to the diesel issue as unfounded,” CEO Hans Dieter Poetsch, who is also VW supervisory board chairman, said Tuesday in a prepared speech at Porsche’s annual shareholders’ meeting in Stuttgart, Germany. Porsche is “convinced” that none of its board members violated stock market rules, he said. Legal woes intensified after Stuttgart prosecutors confirmed this month they’re investigating Poetsch, along with VW CEO Matthias Mueller who also sits on Porsche’s management board, and Martin Winterkorn, a former CEO of both companies. Authorities allege the men waited too long to inform shareholders of Volkswagen’s emissions cheating problem after it hit the fan in September 2015, which would be considered market manipulation. Similar allegations are also being made about Volkswagen stock. Volkswagen ultimately admitted that 11 million of its diesel vehicles were cheating on emissions tests. The entire Dieselgate debacle has cost them $25.1 billion to date—and counting. Advertisement 4th Gear: Automotive Suppliers May Come To The U.S. Without Bringing All Their Jobs Automotive News highlighted the case of Gentex, an automotive supplier of self-dimming mirrors, garage door motors and other components, where an automotive company was able to move production back into the United States: Advertisement In recent years, Gentex closed its two foreign plants in low-wage Mexico and China and consolidated all production into a single factory complex in western Michigan. That sounds exactly like what the Trump administration wants: move more factories in our borders, so they can put more Americans to work. Except one catch: Advertisement ﻿But Gentex designed its plan not for political reasons, but for purely competitive ones as its products become more complex. And for champions of the push to create U.S. automotive jobs, Gentex has sobering news: Making modern car parts in America today is going to take a whole lot of robots. Factory automation is what made it possible for Gentex to move production from overseas to the Midwest. Robots are cheaper to keep around than people, and for Gentex, they’re also driving their defect rate down. It’s dramatically affected the size of their workforce as well, with mirror production lines formerly staffed by 20 to 30 workers now only staffed by 5 or 6. 5th Gear: The Hatch Is Back Advertisement Hatchbacks, once an unloved body style in the United States, are enjoying a nice bump in sales, reports the Detroit Free Press: In 2017, compact and subcompact car sales are down 25%. But hatchbacks in those classes have risen 16%. A rush of new models will test the strength of that demand. “Hatchbacks are the nugget of hope for the small car segment,” Ford sales analyst Erich Merkle said. And rightfully so: the hatchback version of many new small cars looks so much better than the version with a trunk. They’re also shorter than the sedans, but often offer more space in the rear thanks to the extra height. Hatchbacks now account for a quarter of all small car sales. Ford in particular is enjoying the hatchback bump, with 40 percent of Fiesta and Focus sales coming sans trunk. Reverse: The Indianapolis 500 Begins First Indianapolis 500 held - May 30, 1911 - HISTORY.com On this day in History, First Indianapolis 500 held on May 30, 1911. Learn more about what happened …Read more Neutral: Are You A Hatch Fan? Advertisement Advertisement Would you ever give up the easily enclosed confines of a trunk for hatchback life? Or have you already? 6th Gear: ICYMI Takuma Sato's Honda Engine Survives All 200 Laps To Win The 2017 Indianapolis 500 Why Can't I Make My Own Engine? Navy SEAL Dies After Parachute Fails To Open During Fleet Week Demonstration Stef Schrader stef.schrader@jalopnik.com @stefthepef Editor, Black Flag. 1984 "Porschelump" 944 race car, 2010 Mitsubishi Lancer GTS. You may also like Jalopnik The $144,000 Callaway AeroWagen Is Way More Than Just A Corvette With A Weird Roof Tuesday 12:17pm Gizmodo Let's Take This iPhone Case All the Way to the Supreme Court Thursday 11:51am Gizmodo What to Expect From Apple WWDC 2017: iOS, Siri Speaker, MacBooks, and More Friday 11:00am Recent from Stef Schrader 1 5 67 Oppositelock · Stef Schrader I Missed National Donut Day Yesterday 2:35pm 62 20.5K Black Flag · Stef Schrader Monaco Races Rock When The Cars Can Actually Pass Each Other Saturday 1:45pm 41 23.6K Jalopnik · Stef Schrader NASCAR Driver Redeems His Saddest Burnout With A Bitchin' Camaro Thursday 1:00pm Deals · Jillian Lucas Sunday's Best Deals: Adidas Apparel, SONOS, Yi Action Cam, and More Yesterday 10:35am Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Jalopnik Store Redirecting to the Jalopnik store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] May 30 GOOG: 975.88 4.41 Essential Home is a proactive home assistant that focuses on privacy (but still watches you) Ben Schoon - May. 30th 2017 5:40 am PT @NexusBen Essential Essential Home View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Today the Essential Phone we’ve been seeing teasers about finally went official, bringing us one of the most beautiful bezel-less smartphones we’ve seen to date, all within a fairly reasonable price and with some crazy features and specifications. Along with that, however, Essential has another product to debut — the Essential Home. The best gifts for Android users This new home assistant, like Google Home or Amazon’s Echo family, is designed to listen to your queries and commands and provide the relevant information, but this product sets itself apart in four major ways. First, its design. The Essential Home is a cylinder with a slope which actually reminds me a bit of Google Home’s shape if it were shorter and wider. However, this design also includes a large round display. The company says that it is focused on bring a home assistant that “you’ll actually be proud to display in your home. No boxes, tubes or strange lights.” The second way Essential Home sets itself apart from the competition is the way it handles data. Rather than sending information off to servers, Essential Home attempts to handle most of the data it processes locally on the device. That’s a refreshing change from Google and Amazon’s approach, but how it works in practice is going to be interesting, to say the least. Along with that, Essential Home does more than just responding to you, sometimes it will take the initiative. Using its custom Ambient OS, Home is able to mimic Google Now to an extent, providing information such as traffic times and calendar events when you need it along with other contextually relevant information. How it pulls this information is a little unclear, but it tells me that there may be some level of Google account integration in this device. Lastly, Essential Home is more than just an always listening cylindrical tablet you ask questions to, it also apparently watches you. Essential hasn’t provided any details on how this works, but on its site it says that you can “ask, tap, or even glance to activate” the device. Presumably, the Home has a camera or sensor of some sort that looks for people in the vicinity and activates when it detects that you’re looking at it. We still don’t know a lot about the Essential Home, like pricing, but Wired reports that the device will be going on sale this Summer and that the company has already built an impressive smart home control system. Apparently, it can already interact with major platforms such as Nest, Samsung SmartThings, and even Apple’s HomeKit, as well as integrating with Google Assistant, Siri, and Alexa, somehow. Hopefully, we’ll get a lot more details in the coming weeks. Ben Schoon @NexusBen Ben is a writer for 9to5Google who can also be found over on the 9to5Google YouTube channel and on Twitter @NexusBen. Favorite Gear Pixel XL Gear S3 Frontier Huawei Mate 9 Guides Essential View THe Guide Essential Home View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Articles l l How to Record a Video of Your iPhone or iPad’s Screen How to Rip Blu-Ray Discs With MakeMKV and Handbrake What Is Windows 10 on ARM, and How is It Different From Windows RT? Wi-Fi vs. Ethernet: How Much Better Is a Wired Connection? Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search How to Find and Use Android Instant Apps By Cameron Summerson on May 30th, 2017 Google announced something called “instant Apps” for Android at last year’s Google I/O conference. After a year in the oven, they announced that Instant Apps are now available for all developers to use. In turn, there are also a handful of apps you can test out now. What Are Instant Apps? In a nutshell, Instant Apps allow users to check out most of the features of an app without actually installing it by using deep links and running in a modular environment—hence the reason developers have to enable it as a feature and it doesn’t “just work” for all apps. Now, that said, this doesn’t work exactly like you may expect. For example, you don’t launch these apps from the Play Store. Instead, they launch natively from search results or other compatible hyperlinks. RELATED ARTICLE The Best Stuff Google Announced at I/O 2017, In a Nutshell Essentially, when you click a link for an website that has an Instant App, Google Play will download a few necessary assets to run the app, then instantly launch it—no install required. In its initial announcement, Google said Instant Apps will be great for apps that you’ll use for a single purpose, like paying for parking, for example. This way you can avoid having to mess with a mobile website (which can often be more annoying that convenient), and instead get a native experience that won’t hang out when you’re finished with it. At the current time, Instant Apps work on Android 6.0 and above, though support for Android 5.x is currently in the works. If your handset meets those requirements, you might be able to enable access to Instant Apps now. How to Enable Instant Apps Alright! Now that you know what Instant Apps are, it’s time to make sure you can actually use them. First, jump into your phone’s Settings menu by pulling down the notification shade and tapping on the gear icon. From there, scroll down to Google and tap on it. Under the “Services” section, look for Instant Apps. If you don’t have this option, it’s either not available on your account or incompatible with your device, unfortunately. For example, I have it on my Pixel and Nexus 6P, but not on the Galaxy S8. If you do, however, go ahead and give it a tap. Slide the toggle at the top to enable the feature. A popup will show up with a brief description of what Instant Apps are. Just tap the “Yes, I’m in” button to get finish up.   Now that you have it enabled, it’s time to start using it. How to Use Instant Apps At the time of this writing, there are only a handful of apps that support Instant Apps, so we’ll keep it simple and use Wish, which seems to be working for pretty much everyone at this point. Open up Google Chrome or Google Now and do a search for “Wish.” Find the option that has “Wish app – Instant” just under the description, then tap on it. A Google Play window will show up briefly as it downloads the necessary assets. A few seconds later, a fully native app should launch.   A lightning bolt will show up in the notification shade, which indicates you’re running an Instant App. A quick tug of of the shade will give you a couple of options: Go To Web and App Info. The first one will redirect you to the app’s mobile website, while the second one will show all relevant info for the Instant App, including a way to install the full application and clear app data. As you use more Instant Apps, these bits of app data and whatnot will be stored locally on your phone. To get back to the above screen (so you can clear data) without having to actually launch the Instant App again, jump back into Settings > Google > Instant Apps. All of the Instant Apps you’ve launched will show up here, where you can clear data or install the full app if you’d like. While Android 6.0+ is required to for instant Apps right now, bigger things are planned in Android O once it’s released. For example, users will be able to launch Instant Apps directly from the launcher, just by searching for them in the search bar. Also, there will be an option to add a icon to the home screen for an Instant App, almost removing the need to ever do a “hard” install again. That’s neat. JOIN THE DISCUSSION (5 REPLIES) Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Cameron Summerson is a die-hard Android fan, Chicago Bulls fanatic, metalhead, and cyclist. When he's not pounding keys on the 'net, you can find him spending time with his wife and kids, chugging away on the 6-string, spinning on the streets, or watching the Bulls while yelling at the TV. Published 05/30/17 DID YOU KNOW? Varicose veins are veins that have become enlarged and/or twisted. These damaged veins are most commonly found on the legs because, unlike other veins in the body, the leg veins are placed under much higher pressure while we are up and about walking around all day. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK How to Get Multi-Window Multitasking on Any Android Phone or Tablet How To Modify Your Existing Desk to Make It a Standing Desk Bill Shock: How to Avoid $22,000 or More in International Roaming Fees Nest vs. Ecobee3 vs. Honeywell Lyric: Which Smart Thermostat Should You Buy? How to Find and Remove Duplicate Files on Windows What’s the Best Way to Back Up My Computer? How to Opt Out of Personalized Ads from Google Why Is My Download Speed Slower Than the Internet I Pay For? What’s the Best Antivirus for Windows 10? (Is Windows Defender Good Enough?) Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments20+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Volokh Conspiracy Opinion Opinion Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events Another libel takedown order The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Eugene Volokh By Eugene Volokh May 30 Follow @volokhc Check out this order, Motamedi v. Oesterblad (E.D. Mich. Aug. 5, 2015), submitted to Google with a redaquest to deindex the websites listed as defamatory in the order; here’s an excerpt: DEFAULT JUDGMENT AND PERMANENT INJUNCTION Recitals WHEREAS, Plaintiff, through counsel, having filed a motion entitled: PLAINTIFF’S MOTION FOR: ENTRY OF DEFAULT AGAINST DEFENDANT WEBEXPRESS, LLC AND DEFAULT JUDGMENT AGAINST DEFENDANTS, which appears as docket number 18 on the CM/ECF system in this case. WHEREAS, Plaintiff’s motion having been scheduled and brought on for hearing before the Court and submitted to the Court for decision on Thursday, July 31, 2015, before the honorable Judge Mark A. Goldsmith, presiding…. IT IS HEREBY ORDERED: that Plaintiff is awarded a money judgment in the amount of $5,270.19 for Plaintiff and against Defendants …. IT IS FURTHER ORDERED: that to prevent further or future harm to Plaintiff’s reputation in the community and protect his employment from the dangers of labeling him as a “sex offender”, Plaintiff is awarded a permanent injunction against Defendants … compelling these Defendants to immediately remove any and all sex offender postings of Plaintiff caused by these Defendants, including but not limited to the sex offender postings presently on the following websites: – http://www.sexoffenderrecord.com/citydirectory/ID/Meridian/Abraham_Motamedi_1353346 – http://www.sexcrimedata.com/ – http://ev.onlinedetective.com/ – http://onlinedetective.com/ – http://offendex.com/ IT IS FURTHER ORDERED: that to prevent further or future harm to Plaintiff’s reputation in the community and protect his employment from the dangers of labeling him as a “sex offender”, Plaintiff is awarded a permanent injunction against Defendants … compelling these Defendants to refrain from ever posting any similar sex offender posting concerning Plaintiff or otherwise posting defamatory statements concerning Plaintiff on the internet. IT IS SO ORDERED. This Order is a final judgment and therefore resolves the last pending claim and closes the case. Dated:     August 5, 2015 s/Mark A. Goldsmith … MARK A. GOLDSMITH United States District Judge … This might raise all sorts of interesting questions: Should 47 U.S.C. § 230 allow injunctions ordering websites to remove material that had been found to be defamatory? Should the injunctions be binding on Google and similar sites, even if they weren’t named as defendants (a question pending before the California Supreme Court, in Hassell v. Bird)? If they aren’t (and this order indeed doesn’t claim to bind Google), should Google voluntarily deindex sites found to be defamatory? Should Google be suspicious of default judgments, because of the possibility that the defendant wasn’t properly served? Alas, this is not the case to deal with these interesting questions — because it’s not a case. There is no Motamedi v. Oesterblad in the Eastern District of Michigan. The case number 2:13-cv-14541 (the number listed in the order) in that district corresponds to a completely different order. There is no Daniel Ro. Markus, the lawyer who, according to the order, was responsible for the case. The order submitted to Google was a forgery, like the ones discussed here (Lichterman and Aukerman), here (Arnstein), and here (Haas). There is a Motamedi — indeed, such a forged order is useful only insofar as the URLs that it aims to get deindexed are real URLs that criticize real people. I got in touch with him, to see whether he was responsible for filing the order, or if this was done by some company he hired (in which case it might have been done without his knowledge that the order would be forged). I got a good deal of bluster from him and insistence that this was indeed a real order. Maybe he does believe that it is a real order, because he hired someone who duped him into thinking that a real order was procured — but he wouldn’t tell me who that someone might be. And this should be instructive to all of us: Never trust a court document (a subpoena, an order, or anything else) from someone else’s case until you check it with the court records. Sometimes you can do it online for free, sometimes for a modest amount — and if you get the document as part of your business, it’s a cost of doing business — and sometimes by calling the clerk of court’s office. I wish that this weren’t so, and that you could trust documents that ostensibly come from the government. But you can’t. For more on other Internet libel takedown orders and related matters — some of which are fraudulent or at least underhanded in other ways — see this set of posts. opinions volokh-conspiracy Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters opinions volokh-conspiracy Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 20+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy. Follow @volokhc 25 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 Right-wing free speech rally draws massive counter-protests in Portland 2 The Latest: Portland squares close after objects hurled 3 This lawyer helped steal $600 million from the government, got caught — then disappeared 4 The world’s most dangerous mushroom and what it did to an 18-month-old girl 5 Millions of dollars’ worth of research in limbo at NIH The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions volokh-conspiracy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Home Android News Andy Rubin's $699 Essential Phone is finally here and it's weird The Essential boasts a 360-degree camera and a nearly bezel-less screen, and supports modular accessories—but a headphone dongle is required. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Michael Simon Staff Writer, PCWorld | May 30, 2017 6:14 AM PT Credit: Essential Phone More like this The Essential Phone is a beautiful example of everything that's wrong with... Galaxy S8+ review: The future of Android is now LG G6 Review: The right phone at the wrong time Video Computex 2015: Asus ZenWatch 2 could have 4-day battery After months of Twitter teases and hype, Android founder Andy Rubin has finally unveiled his latest project to the world. And as expected, the vaunted Essential Phone is yet another Android phone. But it’s also much more than that. While the specs bear out a real-deal flagship competitor, it’s clear that Rubin’s Essential Phone is part of a new ecosystem designed to offer an alternative to Google’s Android, with a focus on design, performance, and versatility. Why this matters: Andy Rubin is the godfather of Android, so any move he makes is important. However, while the Essential Phone certainly looks great in renders, it remains to be seen whether it can compete against Samsung, LG, and even Google itself in the increasingly competitive phone market. Bare Essential The handset is slated to work with a 360-degree camera accessory, as well as an external digital assistant similar to Google Home, but at the core of everything is the phone. Like other mid-2017 premium handsets, it features a Snapdragon 835 chip, 4GB of RAM, a 3,040 mAh battery, and a 128GB hard drive. The design is ultra minimal, with a nearly bezel-less screen reminiscent of the asymmetrical Mi Mix. The 5.7-inch display stretches all the way to the top of the device, leaving a small chin at the bottom that should help with orientation. Essential Phone Aside from an odd cutout in the screen for an 8MP front camera, there is nary an identifiable marking to be found on either the front or rear of the device. The glass and ceramic panels sandwich a piece of titanium rather than aluminum. Essential says this will hold up better to drops. Rubin is also eschewing a company name or symbol. While there’s plenty of room on the rear to plaster Essential’s double-circle logo, Rubin is making a statement with the phone’s unadorned glass: “Just because we played a part in making it doesn’t mean you should be forced to advertise that fact to everyone in your life. Now you know why we don’t have any logos on the phone.” Future proof Above the space where a logo should be is a fingerprint sensor and “the world’s thinnest dual camera system built for a phone.” You get a pair of 13MP cameras, with one capturing in color and the other in monochrome to “capture up to 200 percent more light than traditional phone cameras.” Next to the cameras you’ll find something that you won’t find on any other phone: a pair of small magnetic pins for modular attachments that will purportedly keep your phone “cord-free, future-proof, and always up-to-date.” At launch, the only accessory available will be a 360-degree camera, though other mods are surely in the works. While the Essential Phone was designed to limit the amount of adapters you need to keep around, there is one extra you’ll need: a headphone jack dongle. The Essential phone relies on USB-C and Bluetooth for audio, though a dongle will be supplied in the box. The Essential Phone is available for preorder for the limited-time price of $699. It’s unlocked and will play nicely with all of the major U.S. carriers. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Android Michael Simon covers all things mobile for Greenbot and Macworld. You can usually find him with his nose buried in a screen. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google Search just got a lot more personal Chris Smith BGR News May 30, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Google already tracks everything you do while inside any of its online services to make money off your data. The trade-off is worth it, many people will argue. Even if Google is able to learn a lot of details about you, it offers invaluable services including Gmail, Google Maps, and search. So if you’re already letting Google aggregate your data, you should know that Google Search now puts this particular skill to good use for you. Don't Miss: Swiss watchmaker trolls Apple with $27,000 Apple Watch knockoff The Personal tab might not be immediately obvious to users, but it’s right there on Google Search, buried inside the More option. When you search the web, Google categorizes the results. You might be looking for All results for a query, or just for Images, Maps, or News. That’s right, that’s the menu where you’ll find the More option. So what’s inside the Personal you ask? Well, the tab will show you relevant results that contain the keywords, but these results come from your Google usage. The Personal tab shows you results that are only visible to you for any items, and they can originate from Google Photos, Calendar or Gmail. Google Drive support isn’t included, The Independent notes, but it’s possible that it’ll show up in the future. The Personal tab might not show up for all Google users at this time, but it should appear to all users shortly. If you want to prevent Google from delivering any private results, you can simply go to your Google Account in the Search Settings area and tick the Do Not use private results option in the Private results section. The personal search results should show up in search only when you’re signed in. So if you want to guard your privacy, you should sign out of your Google account on computers shared with others if you want to use this new search option. Trending right now: The little box that lets you control anything with Alexa is back on sale on Amazon Your Galaxy S8+ will last more than 2 days per charge with this $30 battery case Tesla releases list of Model 3 premium features, including an optional glass roof See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech Get a softer clean while using less* CharminSponsored How to install Android apps on your Windows computer, the easy way Digital Trends Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech All the news we expect from Apple's huge developers conference Yahoo Tech The Best Of Australia Is Now On Offer Australia.comSponsored Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech 15 Hot Weather Girls Who Love To Show Off Their... www.hooch.netSponsored Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech Verizon just upgraded its prepaid plans with more data for less money Digital Trends A Card Now Offering a $200 Bonus To New Customers NextAdvisorSponsored Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech What Happens To Your Body After Drinking This? VitaCupSponsored The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech 'Need for Speed Payback' puts players on the road to revenge this November Digital Trends How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech Troubled News Anchor Does The Unthinkable On Air SportingzSponsored The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech
Theme Welcome · log in · join Show navigation Hide navigation Home Reviews How Charts Latest Speed Test Run Test Run Ping History Preferences Results Run Streams Servers Country Tools Intro FAQ Line Quality Smoke Ping Tweak Test Line Monitor Monitor Groups My IP is Whois Calculator Tool Points News News tip? Forums All Forums Hot Topics Gallery Info Hardware All FAQs Site FAQ DSL FAQ Cable Tech About contact about us community ISP FAQ Add ISP ISP Ind. Forums Join   Google Fiber Raising TV Rates by Karl Bode Tuesday May 30 2017 07:30 EDT Google Fiber is imposing a price hike on the company's gigabit broadband and TV bundle in many of its early markets. The Kansas City Star notes that many of the folks that had been paying $120 for the bundle of gigabit fiber broadband and TV are now facing a $20 bump, bringing the total cost to $140. But new Google Fiber customer will pay $160 per month for the same service going forward. The ISP is also charging this higher rate in newer markets like Huntsville, Alabama, though users can save a little money by downgrading to a 100 Mbps fiber service bundle. The cost of broadband service has yet to be increased during Google Fiber's existence, and the company says the upgrades were necessary on the TV side due to broadcaster rate hikes. "Since we launched in 2012, we’ve needed to adjust the price of our TV plans to reflect these increased programming costs," the company said. One problem for Google Fiber, however: the company was already having trouble signing up TV subscribers, and a price hike may only amplify those problems. While Google Fiber doesn't publicly reveal subscriber numbers, a report last March using data submitted by Google to the US Copyright Office suggested that Google Fiber had just 84,232 TV subscribers after more than seven years in the market. The company's broadband subscriber total is thought to be dramatically higher: somewhere above 1 million. Still, the low TV subscriber adoption rates, the company's recent layoffs, the cancellation of long expected installations, continued executive departures, and executives' not so graceful admission that they're tired of the cost and time it takes to deploy fiber have analysts, customers and observers wondering if Google Fiber remains particularly serious about the entire project.It still seems entirely likely that as Google Fiber pivots toward next-gen wireless, it ditches traditional TV service entirely, instead bundling in YouTube's new over the top live TV streaming service instead. tags: competition · bandwidth · consumers · Google Fiber News Jump Get Official, Private ISP Support Right Here at DSLReports.comSmall Cable Companies Say Selling TV a 'Failing' MarketAnalyst: T-Mobile Will Buy Sprint, Not The Other Way AroundViaSat Promises Faster Speeds, Higher Caps With ViaSat-2 LaunchLast Day to Comment on FCC 'Ringless Voicemail' Spam ProposalWeekend Open Thread!Friday Morning Links Senators Want FBI To Investigate FCC 'DDos Attack,' Spam BotsAt 18.7 Mbps, US 10th in Average Global Broadband SpeedsFormer FCC Commissioner: Net Neutrality Helps Terrorists!----------------------this weeklast weekmost discussed Most recommended from 24 comments mdlund0 join:2011-08-02 Lawrence, KS mdlund0 Member 2017-May-30 4:15 pm If only... I would gladly pay $140 for that bundle, given the chance. · actions · 2017-May-30 4:15 pm · existenz join:2014-02-12·Google Fiber 1 edit existenz Member 2017-May-30 8:04 am Went from about 150 base channels to 220 channels They are raising TV rates to original KC customers to match rates with new customers, the recent TV rate for new customers was set quite a while ago. GFBR TV started out with about 150 base channels to now about 220 base channels. Only skinny bundle available is local channels, no other skinny bundles. What's clear is that Google doesn't have the TV install base leverage to negotiate good deals with content providers. Once YouTube TV OTT service hits nationwide, if they can gain a couple millions customers or more, maybe they'll then have enough to negotiate better deals. And it will be interesting to see with fixed wireless rollut if they offer GF Fiber TV boxes or some kind of AndroidTV streaming box with YouTube TV, etc. · actions · 2017-May-30 8:04 am · How about .. Louisville is Still Waiting For Google Fiber Google Fiber Gets New CEO, Shifts Staff Around Frustration Mounts at Google Fiber's Slow Pace, Non-Answers Yet More Executives Leave Google Fiber Charter Runs Ads Mocking Google Fiber Struggles Google Fiber Confirms Louisville as New Launch City Tucows/Ting CEO Downplays Impact of Google Fiber Pivot Google Fiber Arrives in Parts of Huntsville News ISP News Got news? Tools Speed Test Smokeping Ping Test 24x7 Broadband Monitor ISP Reviews Review an ISP Latest GBU Information Hardware FAQs Community Join Welcome Members For Sale Forums All Forums DSLReports Feedback About Contact FAQ Terms of Use Privacy Follow Site Mobile mode DSLReports.com © DSLReports.com Est. 1999 Monday, 05-Jun 01:14:06 Hosted by Liquid Networks
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Gadgets Essential Home with Ambient OS rivals Amazon Echo and Google Home Essential Home with Ambient OS rivals Amazon Echo and Google Home Andy Rubin, the founder of Essential and the creator of Android OS, unveiled the intelligent assistant device - the Home. The Essential Home is a voice-based smart home device that rivals Amazon Echo and Google Home. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: May 30, 2017 9:05 pm The Essential Home is a voice-based smart home device that rivals Amazon Echo and Google Home. Related News Andy Rubin’s Essential sued for infringing intellectual property rights Andy Rubin’s Essential looking to make Google Glass-like smart glasses, reveals patent Andy Rubin’s Essential PH-1 smartphone: How it stacks against Apple iPhone 7 Plus, Galaxy S8+ Andy Rubin, the founder of Essential and the creator of Android OS, unveiled the intelligent assistant device – the Home. The Essential Home is a voice-based smart home device that rivals Amazon Echo and Google Home. The device sports a circular design, mimicking Google’s intelligent Nest thermostat. Its puck-like design houses a round touchscreen atop, which allows users to control music, control lights, answer general questions, and much more. It can be activated in three ways; by a simple voice commands, a tap of a finger, or by glance at it. “Essential Home will help with daily tasks, but it will also let you create new experiences in the home with the devices you have. Think of it as an orchestra conductor for your digital instruments – something that can get them to start to work together in new, exciting ways,” says Mara Segal, Head of Product: Home Devices. Android co-founder Andy Rubin’s Essential smartphone: Price, specifications and features The Home’s most interesting feature might be its operating system: Ambient OS. According to Essential’s head of engineering Manuel Roman, Ambient OS is aware of the physical layout of your home, the people that live in it, services relevant to both your home and the people within, and devices. The open platform can directly interact with speakers, lighting and other smart speakers in the home, and is  less reliant on cloud;Plus, it comes with a number of privacy features built-in for added security. Pricing is yet to be announced, but the Home is expected to be shipped later this summer. Alongside the launch of the Home, Andy Rubin’s Essential Inc also launched its first smartphone that’s going to rival Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus and Samsung’s Galaxy S8. More Related News Android creator Andy Rubin’s ‘Essential’ smartphone, home device unveiled Android co-founder Andy Rubin on why he started ‘Essential’ For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Essential No Comments. Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MHT CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check score card now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE cut ties with Qatar; say it supports 'terrorism' J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora CBI raids underway at NDTV co-founder Prannoy Roy's residence OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Modi and Macron will always have Paris Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested SportsIndia vs Pakistan: Mother of all mismatches SportsWATCH: Wild celebrations after India register big win  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017 keynote: What time is livestream, how to watch and everything else to note Jun 05: Latest News GSLV Mk III, India’s heaviest satellite to be launched today WWE Extreme Rules Results: Samoa Joe becomes no. 1 contender for Brock Lesnar’s WWE Universal Championship CBI raids underway at NDTV co-founder Prannoy Roy’s residence Mexico election: Ruling party has preliminary lead in key state vote Reliance Jio tops chart in 4G download speeds in April again: TRAI report                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google: The Guest Post Link Warning Was Just A General Reminder Google: The Guest Post Link Warning Was Just A General Reminder May 30, 2017 • 7:48 am | (17) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Late last week, Google posted a warning against using articles for link building and many thought we were going to see mass link penalties shortly after. I even asked Gary Illyes from Google about that and he didn't reply to me about it. But later on, a few days later, he replied to someone else saying that this blog post was just a general reminder. He said on Twitter that no, this is not about a Penguin update, "this is just a general reminder," he added. @akuchaaaan007 No, this is just a general reminder— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) May 29, 2017 He even added that the ranking fluctuations we have been seeing over the past couple weeks starting on May 16th is unrelated to this general reminder. @akuchaaaan007 Nope :)— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) May 29, 2017 So there you have it - I wouldn't expect a new wave of manual actions or algorithmic penalties around this "general reminder." So you all can calm down a bit and get back to your normal business of not building articles for link generation. Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Google Fetch & Render Better Than Cache   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 06/02/2017 09:05 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums LinkedIn to Deprecate its Groups API July, 2017 2017 State of the Internet Trends Report Digital Point Forums I am looking for a replacement of "freelancer.com affiliate" program Shared Hosting - $9/Year + cPanel & Softaculous + Instant Setup Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Android co-founder Andy Rubin on why he started ‘Essential’ Android co-founder Andy Rubin on why he started ‘Essential’ Andy Rubin is best known as the Co-Founder of Android. He left Google in 2014 as Android Head, the position was later replaced by Sundar Pichai. Rubin says that instead of criticising present tech situation, he decided to create something new with Essential. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: May 31, 2017 9:28 am Andy Rubin left Google in 2014 and started working on the idea of Essential in 2015 Related News Google will pay upto $200,000 for finding a bug in Android OS Andy Rubin’s Essential sued for infringing intellectual property rights Andy Rubin’s Essential looking to make Google Glass-like smart glasses, reveals patent Android co-founder Andy Rubin, as expected, has launched its first smartphone dubbed the ‘Essential’ on Tuesday. He was working on this project since 2015 and registered the company ‘Essentials Products Inc.’ in November 2016. Andy Rubin is best known as the Co-Founder of Android. Google acquired Android in 2005 and Andy moved in the company as Senior Vice President of Mobile and Digital Content, until 2013. But later in the year, in December 2013, Rubin started managing the robotic division in Google. He left Google in 2014 as Android Head, the position was later replaced by Sundar Pichai. The high-end Essential is ready to take on the likes of the Galaxy S8, LG G6, Google Pixel and iPhone 7 Plus. Now with the launch of a new smartphone company and a smartphone, Essential, Rubin explains as to why he decided to start “a new kind of company using 21st century methods to build products for the way people want to live in the 21st century.” It all started during a night out when Rubin and his old friend started talking about current state of technology. As Rubin explains, the real reason behind ‘Essential’ was because he felt there were “less and less choice(s)” even though the product numbers kept increasing, but these had more unnecessary features and didn’t work with one another. Rubin says that instead of dropping another criticism, he decided to create something new, as he felt “partly responsible for all of this.” “For all the good Android has done to help bring technology to nearly everyone it has also helped create this weird new world where people are forced to fight with the very technology that was supposed to simplify their lives. Was this what we had intended? Was this the best we could do?” Rubin added. According to Rubin’s blogpost, the idea with Essential is to ensure that the device is the user’s personal property, and they won’t add force the user to “to have anything on them you don’t want to have.” Essential will always be on open platform, said the Android co-founder and that they will use premium craftsmanship and materials, but the phones will be for everyone. Another point raised by Rubin is that, “Devices shouldn’t become outdated every year. They should evolve with you.” So we’ll have to see how Essentials will deal with something like this. It is now a tradition for most companies to launch a new upgrade to each and every model of smartphone present in their lineup. Based on Rubin’s blogpost, it looks like Essential will try and break away from this. What is “Essential” smartphone? The Essential is a modular designed phone that comes with modular attachments like a 360-degree camera and a charging dock. It features a 5.7-inch QHD 19:10 bezel-less display with only a selfie shooter visible at the front panel. The body of Essential smartphone uses combination of titanium and ceramic materials, which company claims is way more durable than competing devices. The phone comes with top-of-the-line specifications, featuring a Snapdragon 835 processor, 4GB RAM and 128GB storage. On the camera front is a 13-megapixel dual-rear camera setup, with the secondary lens being a black and white sensor. The front camera is an 8-megapixel sensor. Both cameras can record 4K video. Essential has also built “world’s thinnest 360 degree personal camera”. The Essential smartphone is currently available on pre-order in the US. It is priced at $699 (approx Rs. 45,200). The company will also sell it bundled with a 360-degree camera for $749 (or approx Rs. 48,500). More Related News Andy Rubin’s Essential PH-1 smartphone: How it stacks against Apple iPhone 7 Plus, Galaxy S8+ Android creator Andy Rubin’s ‘Essential’ smartphone, home device unveiled For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Android Andy Rubin Essential Essential Smartphone No Comments. Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MHT CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check score card now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE cut ties with Qatar; say it supports 'terrorism' J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora CBI raids underway at NDTV co-founder Prannoy Roy's residence OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Modi and Macron will always have Paris Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested SportsIndia vs Pakistan: Mother of all mismatches SportsWATCH: Wild celebrations after India register big win  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017 keynote: What time is livestream, how to watch and everything else to note Jun 05: Latest News GSLV Mk III, India’s heaviest satellite to be launched today WWE Extreme Rules Results: Samoa Joe becomes no. 1 contender for Brock Lesnar’s WWE Universal Championship CBI raids underway at NDTV co-founder Prannoy Roy’s residence Mexico election: Ruling party has preliminary lead in key state vote Reliance Jio tops chart in 4G download speeds in April again: TRAI report                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Nancy Messieh Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Product Reviews Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway James Bruce May 30, 2017 30-05-2017 8 minutes Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email With the birth of consumer VR, 360 degree photography and videography has gained a new lease of life. Yet it’s only recently that good quality 360 degree cameras have become affordable to all. The latest of those is the 2017 edition of the Samsung Gear 360. Let’s take a closer look, and at the end of this review, we’re giving away our test model to one lucky reader! Specifications It’s important to distinguish between the original Gear 360, and the new 2017 model Gear 360, which we’re reviewing here. Apart from specification differences, the new 2017 model has grown a handle, compared to the simple spherical shape of last year’s. This makes it a lot easier to hold and use on its own – though mounting to a tripod is still recommended for the best quality shots, so the handle may ultimately be of limited use. In fact, it’s not even much of an improvement at all if you consider the previous device included a small tripod in the box, which could be folded to act exactly as a handle. The included tripod is replaced by a curious little rubber ring for the device to sit on. Here’s the critical numbers, with the older model specifications for comparison sake in brackets: 2x 8.4MP f2.2 lenses, total photo resolution 15MP 5472 x 2736 (older model had 15MP f2.0 lenses, total 30MP resolution) 4096 x 2160 @ 24 fps, true 4k (older model 3840 x 1920 @ 30fps) 1160 mAh battery (older model had a larger 1350mAh battery) 2K live video streaming (older model couldn’t do this at all, but this still requires Android Nougat) 130g weight (154g for older model) iOS and Android app (older model was limited to specific Samsung devices) $230 from Amazon The Gear 360 doesn’t deviate much in technical design from either its previous model or other consumer 360 cameras. It compromises of two camera sensors, each with an extremely wide angle fisheye lens to capture 180 degrees each, the raw output of which looks like two circular photos. The camera then stitches the photographs together, though further processing is needed to change the circular images into a rectilinear format, the most common for uploading to 360 viewing applications. Astute readers will note the image resolution has actually decreased from the 2016 model, which is a puzzling move indeed. However, the number of “megapixels” isn’t actually an indicator of image quality. Crucially, the new Gear 360 adds compatibility with non-Samsung mobiles, particularly iOS devices, which the former was seriously lacking. There was a sort of workaround last year though: you could use Google Street View app on iOS to directly capture images from the camera, without need of any Samsung software. Sadly, this years model has actually broken that direct connection method, so you’re now forced to use the Gear 360 app to capture and save photos. This is acceptable for everything except Google Street View, where the images that Samsung’s software saves are in fact now deemed to be too low resolution for upload. The 2017 model also bumps recorded video resolution slightly to actual 4K, and adds live video streaming capabilities. Live streaming requires a device running Android Nougat OS, and is limited to 2K resolution – a deceptive term which essentially means “marginally higher than full HD”. A standard sized tripod thread mounting point is provided underneath, though as mentioned, you’ll find a small rubber ring stand in the package, useful for quickly seating the device on a flat surface without requiring a full tripod setup. Also in the package is a soft sock-like carrying case. Charging is done over USB-C. A slightly awkward micro-SD similar to a smartphone tray provides all your storage needs – there is no built-in memory. Our model came with a 128GB micro-SD card as a pre-order bonus, which we’ll also be giving to the winner. However, those purchasing new will need to add their own card before they can do anything with the device. On the side you’ll find two buttons for power and selection, while on the front (or is it the back?), there’s a shutter button and small LCD for status messages. Shooting Modes and Image Quality HDR Landscape mode is probably where you’ll spend most of your time, but it requires the use of a tripod or other stable surface for the camera, as it takes multiple shots and combines them (what is HDR photography? HDRI Photography: An Essential Skills And Workflow Primer HDRI Photography: An Essential Skills And Workflow Primer This guide outlines concepts involved in HDR photography followed by a logical progression of steps in the production of high dynamic range images. Read More ). The actual image quality is the best I’ve seen yet from a consumer level, affordable 360 camera, with some really fantastic stitching between each sensor. You’ll find better stitching in wide landscapes than tight environments – the closer an object is to the camera, the greater the likelihood of a stitching error. If you need to stand close to your camera when taking the image then, make sure you’re not standing between the two lenses. Here’s an example of an image saved from the Samsung app to the camera roll, then uploaded to Facebook. It’s possible Facebook has done some additional optimization or processing, but this is just to demonstrate the quality you’ll get using the most user friendly workflow offered. As well as different shooting modes, the Gear 360 offers different viewing modes for those images. Of these, most relevant is the single rectilinear 360 image – which the app calls “panoramic view”, where the entire 360 image can be seen at once; round view, which you might more commonly know as “that little planet effect”; or stretched view, which looks like a normal photograph, but can be moved around, either by hand or with your phone’s motion sensors. There’s also a true-4K video mode, and the quality isn’t all that bad. As I mentioned in Elecam 360 review, the problem with using resolution as a measurement of 360 image quality is that the pixels are so stretched. While a 1080p video looks great on a monitor, that same resolution looks appalling when stretched to a sphere that encompasses you. 4K video, when stretched to 360 degrees, looks roughly equivalent to DVD quality. It isn’t fantastic, but for the first time, I feel like it’s acceptable, at least when viewed through a mobile app. Here’s a video sample of our lovely chickens (you probably need to force YouTube to display the higher resolution). Although it looks pretty good in a small YouTube frame, when viewing through a desktop VR headset, the resolution inadequacy is still obvious. Google Street View Compatibility Despite the Gear 360 being listed by Google themselves as “workflow ready” for use directly with the Street View app, the newest Gear 360 model is in fact, not currently compatible. You cannot connect the Gear 360 directly to the Street View app at the time of writing, and the connection instructions found on Samsung support refer to the previous 2016 model, which is also confusingly called the Gear 360. In theory, they could fix this with a firmware update: all it needs is a particular Wi-Fi name to be broadcast, and the correct protocol implemented. At the time of writing however, there is no firmware update. You might have thought that since Samsung now provides their own native iOS app, you could simply save the photo to your camera roll, then upload that to Street View. Unfortunately, you lose some of the (already lower than last year’s Gear 360) image resolution in the process, and Street View refuses to import the photo. Gear 360 Action Director is compatible, but not Gear 360 Action Director You can use the mobile app to process and stitch the images together, then upload them straight to Facebook — but you’re limited to about 80% of the actual resolution. For the full size images, you’ll need to pull the SD card out and access it from a PC, then use the 600mb Gear 360 Action Director software to process everything (Windows-only, a rebrand of Cyberlink software of the same name). Unfortunately, Samsung Global didn’t get the memo, and upon trying to run “Gear 360 Action Director”, found on Samsung’s own support site, you’ll be asked for a non-existent serial number. That’s the wrong Action Director, see? It’s as if giving two different products the exact same name, with identically named software, was perhaps a bad idea. You’ll want this Action Director instead, which can be activated by connecting the camera over USB. I found that link on Reddit, so thanks, internet. Unfortunately, you still can’t upload that image onto Street View, because there’s currently no web upload functionality. I should also note that codec errors meant I was unable to import the raw .mp4 video files into Final Cut, where I was hoping to edit with the VR Toolbox plugin. Action director seemed to be the only option there, and for anyone used to using professional video editing software, it’s an incredibly frustrating bit of software that requires 10 minutes just to import a 3 minute video from the SD card, then another 10 minutes to export it (or “Produce”, as their menu system calls it, because conventional naming of menu items for the sake of a familiar UI is so boring). Win the Gear 360 (2017)! Before we get to our verdict, you should probably know: we’re giving our test model, complete with 128GB micro-SD card to get you started! Enter below for your chance to win. Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Giveaway Should You Buy a Gear 360 (2017)? If you’re looking to do Street View imagery, forget about this device. They’ve thoroughly broken the workflow and lowered the resolution. Somebody ought to tell Samsung that new versions are generally supposed to be an upgrade. Use this opportunity to snap up a bargain for one of the older models on eBay, instead. You’ll be limited to using just the Street View app on a non-Samsung phone, but you can still record and save directly to the SD card then process videos on a desktop. Also, remember that you can take a really great quality Street View image using just your phone – but you’ll be standing on the spot spinning around for a good 5 minutes, looking like a bit of an idiot. On the other hand, if you’re looking to do 360 4k videos or 360 live streaming (with a compatible mobile device), or really, really need to use the camera with an iOS device, the updated version is for you. There’s probably very few people in that camp, though. For most people, the new version seems like a step forward in ease of use for most tasks, but a step back in image quality and ease of use in other areas. Throw in naming confusion and Street View incompatibilities, and you’ve got a recipe for consumer frustration. Our verdict of the Samsung Gear 360 (2017): Cute and easy to use with reasonable quality, but thoroughly useless for Street View photography. Consider picking up a bargain with last year’s model instead. 510 Previous PostLG G6 Review (and Giveaway)Next PostGoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway 2 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Rian putra Adhitama June 3, 2017 at 2:28 am I'll participate on the giveaway Reply Prabhath K June 1, 2017 at 5:16 am I'm In.count me in too... Reply James Bruce 607 articles James has a BSc in Artificial Intelligence, and is CompTIA A+ and Network+ certified. He's the lead developer of MakeUseOf, and spends his free time playing VR paintball and boardgames. He's been building PCs since he was a kid. Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Advertisement Trending Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Android Entertainment Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right… Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You… This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Advertisement Related Articles GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Product Reviews GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Thursday Deals: Six of the Best [UK] Deals Thursday Deals: Six of the Best [UK] BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Product Reviews BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google is offering up to $10,000 to developers making Google Assistant actions Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 5:40pm PDTMay 29, 2017 24 Plus 1 on G+ 111 Share on Facebook 84 Share on Twitter Total Shares219 Google News Actions on Google is the name for third-party services on Google Assistant, which was opened up to developers back in December. There is no shortage of Actions available, but I have yet to find one that I would actually use more than once. Google wants developers to create compelling features for Assistant, so the company has started a competition with various monetary and physical rewards. There are quite a few prize categories, ranging from 'Best app by students' to 'Best life hack.' Google will chose three overall winners, with first place winning tickets to Google I/O 2018, $10,000, and a walk-through of Google's campus. Second place will win $7,500 and a Google Home, and third will get $5,000 plus a Google Home. Of course, this isn't a brand new contest - it was announced at Google I/O. To enter, developers will need to create an Action and submit it by August 31. The winner will be chosen sometime in Q4 2017. You can find more information at the source link below, and if you plan to enter, I wish you the best of luck. Source: Google Developers Via: Ian Lake (Google+) Tags Actions on Google competition Google google assistant prize subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] New unlocked dual SIM international Exynos Galaxy S8 (G950FD) and S8+ (G955FD) on ... ... Next Story YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear ... Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Dana Nice way to motivate developers into making assistant more useful👍 Indefinite Implosion I'm a glad at least one person is positive. Good day to you! 4Ui812 'Best life hack.' I hate that fucking term. Now I think I understand why Google has been producing buggy software lately. They're to busy trying to find the 'Best life hack.' PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Creating solutions for problems that don't exist is difficult. Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de91c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de91c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs381ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de91c:....,.... Teja You don't know that its a problem until you come across it. Problems do exist, we just have to figure out where they are. Ed. Blake AI can make old peoples life so much better if it can do more then show the news/wheater and actually comprehend a context and interact with the OS/apps. alexg No one cares about ML Zaman It is still a kind of proof of concept - G Assistant or Siri. Still pretty unreliable. Try to update your calendar with that voice control - miss or hit... Using keyboard is still the only option if you want to have the thing done quickly, especially with a help of an app like that one: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.a3w4u.addquickeventfree / https://itunes.apple.com/gb/app/add-quick-event-to-calendar-using-single-text-line/id1182758447?mt=8 Imparus Great spam marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/spam.gif Paul Smith "but I have yet to find one that I would actually use more than once" Ditto for Alexa skills. A huge buzzword, but essentially empty. I think Google Assistant has more legs than Alexa, simply because Google speech recognition and understanding is so much more advanced. LondonLeedsFan Regardless of what gets done, we probably won't get said features in the UK.. Still, at least we can ask it what the weather is. thezero4 The developers of Plex should get in on this. If Plex started working with assistant/home with integration to the chromecast it would be a shoe-in. Randroid I would LOVE to be able to say "Play (Movie or TV Show) in the living room" and have it play from Plex to my Chromecast. Even if I have to add the word "Plex" into that command, I'd still be OK with it. Like "Play (Movie or TV Show) from Plex..." Nick Coad Completely agree with you, great idea! Ed. Blake Yeah is kinda boring to have an AI only to show the news and wheater. A have an twitter account and an wheater homescreen widget for that. reggjoo Oh, good. Now there will be other ways to break my assistant. A month ago, update broke my "always on" voice feature, then my "from any screen" setting was gone. The only thing I got left is activating it from the home screen. What happened to velvet.apk? Watch out for upgrade time, if something's not right, as far as google sees it, they'll break you features, with no warning. adam seymour so if i made a action to make google fart they would pay me $10,000 what a age we live in AndTheWorldMayNeverKnow I hope they do something similar for Android Wear. I just invested in my first wear watch and I'm looking forward to seeing what the next year brings. vipregan Hey Google, play the music we want to listen to instead of a playlist! Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 115 queries | 0.416s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Featured Playlists Causes Contest HOME Video Music ART FASHION TECH TRAVEL RIDES Food & Drinks Design Sports NEWS MenuHOME Video Music ART FASHION TECH TRAVEL RIDES Food & Drinks Design Sports NEWS Home / Technology/Changes Made! Google Play Music Offers Four Free Months For New Subscribers Changes Made! Google Play Music Offers Four Free Months For New Subscribers By Jesse James on 30 May,2017 Tweet Pin It The good folks over at Google are back in the news today. This time around making some waves with their latest Google Play Music special. Today the word comes down that Google Play Music Offers Four Free Months For New Subscribers. This means that with a premium subscription, users can access Google Play’s archive of over 35 million songs and save up to 50,000 of them into their personal library. This also allows users to download their favorite songs for offline use, while also offering up an ad-free music listening experience. No word on how long the deal will go on, but it seems like it will be available for quite some time. Interested? Well, head over to Google Play and get Google Play Music immediately. Don’t miss out! *Photo provided by Google*   Changes Made! Google Play Music Offers Four Free Months For New Subscribers was last modified: May 30th, 2017 by Jesse James Related ItemsGoogle Play Musicnewstech ← Previous Story Updates & Upgrades! Instagram Updates The ‘Stories’ Features Next Story → Pro Photos With Your iPhone! The Bitplay Snap! 7 Featured Video Most Recent Style With Pride! The Urban Outfitters x Taylor Bennett Pride Collection May 31, 2017 In case you didn’t know, June is pride month. In order to celebrate and show their own pride Urban Outfitters is back with a unique new way to celebrate.... May 31, 2017 Ridin’ On Technology! The XTND Electric Skateboard May 31, 2017 Speed & Luxury On The Water! The Zebra Boat by Dimitri Bez Fashion + Style Style With Pride! The Urban Outfitters x Taylor Bennett Pride Collection May 31, 2017 In case you didn’t know, June is pride month. In order to celebrate and show their own pride Urban Outfitters is back with a unique new way to celebrate.... May 31, 2017 A Special Collabo! The BlackRainbow G-SHOCK GW-5510 Timepiece May 31, 2017 A Fresh New Look! Reebok’s Answer IV “Playoff Pack” Featured Video © 2009-2017 stupidDOPE.com | All Rights Reserved. About Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Cool.Media Cassius Network
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ​Asus' Google Tango ZenFone hits the US in July and it won't cost more than $850 The first Tango-enabled AR phone with appealing specs could be available in less than a month. By Liam Tung | May 30, 2017 -- 11:49 GMT (04:49 PDT) | Topic: Smartphones The Asus ZenFone AR is the first phone to support both Google's Tango AR and Daydream VR tech. Image: Asus Asus has confirmed its new Google Tango augmented-reality (AR) phone, the ZenFone AR, will be available in the US by July or possibly even late June. The company has already revealed that the ZenFone AR, which also supports Google's Daydream virtual-reality platform, is launching exclusively with Verizon this summer with pricing details still under wraps. Lenovo unveils Phab 2 Pro, a Tango device, for just $499 unlocked With the world's first smartphone compatible with Google's sensory awareness platform, Lenovo aims to court more businesses to use augmented reality. Read More But it's now set out a more precise timeline for what will be the second Tango-enabled phone on the market, following Lenovo's Phab Pro 2, a huge mid-range phone that launched last year for $500. The 5.7-inch ZenFone AR could be more appealing given its higher-end Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor, which has been optimized for AR. The phone will be available with 6GB or 8GB RAM, and up to 256GB storage. It will ship with Android Nougat 7.0. Asus CEO Jerry Shen told Engadget at Computex in Taiwan that the ZenFone could be available as early as the end of June, following its Taiwan launch in mid-June. Shen didn't reveal pricing but promised it would not cost more than Samsung's $850 Galaxy S8 Plus. Google has been experimenting with Tango since 2014 as a means of interacting with and sensing the physical world around a Tango device. Tango adds depth perception and motion-tracking capabilities to smartphones, opening up new uses for gaming, indoor navigation, and measuring areas. The ZenFone AR taps these capabilities via a three-camera set-up on the rear, including a motion-tracking camera and a depth-sensing camera alongside a main 23-megapixel camera. The ZenFone AR will launch with a number of advantages over Lenovo's Tango handset. Besides a more powerful Snapdragon SoC, there are more than 100 Tango apps compared with 30-plus apps a year ago. It is also the first phone to support both Tango and Daydream. Shen expects there will be over 1,000 Tango apps next year. Read more about Google's ZenFone AR Google unveils standalone VR headsets with Daydream Asus ZenFone AR leaked ahead of CES with Google Tango, Daydream support Asus ZenFone 2 first impressions: Plenty to like so far for $299 Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility HTC U11, BlackBerry KEYone, Essential phone, T-Mobile DIGITS (MobileTechRoundup show #399) Mobility Polar M600 remains the best GPS smartwatch available thanks to Android Wear 2.0 Innovation New Nubia Z17 charges to 50 percent in 20 mins, first to use Qualcomm Quick Charge 4+ iPhone iPhone 8: Everything we think we know × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Apps & Software Image Source: Eric Risberg/AP/REX/Shutterstock Google Search just got a lot more personal Chris Smith @chris_writes May 30th, 2017 at 7:52 AM Share Tweet Google already tracks everything you do while inside any of its online services to make money off your data. The trade-off is worth it, many people will argue. Even if Google is able to learn a lot of details about you, it offers invaluable services including Gmail, Google Maps, and search. So if you’re already letting Google aggregate your data, you should know that Google Search now puts this particular skill to good use for you. Don't Miss: Swiss watchmaker trolls Apple with $27,000 Apple Watch knockoff The Personal tab might not be immediately obvious to users, but it’s right there on Google Search, buried inside the More option. Image Source: Google When you search the web, Google categorizes the results. You might be looking for All results for a query, or just for Images, Maps, or News. That’s right, that’s the menu where you’ll find the More option. So what’s inside the Personal you ask? Well, the tab will show you relevant results that contain the keywords, but these results come from your Google usage. The Personal tab shows you results that are only visible to you for any items, and they can originate from Google Photos, Calendar or Gmail. Google Drive support isn’t included, The Independent notes, but it’s possible that it’ll show up in the future. The Personal tab might not show up for all Google users at this time, but it should appear to all users shortly. If you want to prevent Google from delivering any private results, you can simply go to your Google Account in the Search Settings area and tick the Do Not use private results option in the Private results section. The personal search results should show up in search only when you’re signed in. So if you want to guard your privacy, you should sign out of your Google account on computers shared with others if you want to use this new search option. Tags: google, Google search View Comments Trending 1 Tech People are going to pay $880 for this ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ Galaxy S8, sadly 2 Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead 3 Tech Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more 4 Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project 5 Tech See how the HTC U11’s camera stacks up to every other flagship Picked For You Fresh leak sheds new light on the iPhone 8’s display By Yoni Heisler 2 days ago AT&T is basically giving away cable TV to wireless customers By Chris Mills 2 days ago Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more By Yoni Heisler 1 day ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Ebony and ivory Best accessories for households with Android and iPhone By Mike Tanasychuk Tuesday, May 30, 2017 at 8:00 am EDT 4 Comments What are the best accessories for Android and iPhone? If you live in a home that uses both iOS and Android devices, it doesn't have to mean constant fighting, fanboying, or fracas (alliteration so hard). The two can coexist peacefully, and they can even use the same accessories provided you find the right ones. DJ, cue it up: Here are the best accessories for homes that want the best of both worlds. Amazon Echo Google Home Sonos Bose SoundLink III Bose QC35 Tile Mate Photojojo magnetic lenses Amazon Echo Amazon Echo is Amazon's personal assistant speaker. It comes in four variations: Echo, Dot, Tap, and Show. Each has a somewhat different use, but all of them use Alexa, Amazon's virtual assistant. The best part of Alexa is that it has no allegiance to Android or iPhone — it just works with both. There's an Alexa app for each, so both iPhone and Android users can use it to control smart home devices like Philips Hue lights, Nest thermostats, and more. You can also ask for weather and news updates, make calls, order dinner, and so many more things. If you want an unbiased virtual assistant, then Amazon Echo is the way to go! Amazon Echo vs. Dot vs. Tap vs. Show: Which should you buy? See at Amazon Google Home Google Home is Google's smart speaker, using Google Assistant as its virtual assistant. It can play music from Google Play, Spotify, and other services, control your smart home devices, provide news and weather updates, and tons more. It's right in line with the Amazon Echo, but with an obvious lean toward Google, which is perfect if you already use your Google account to its fullest. Google Home also recognizes multiple voices and accounts, so everybody can use it the way they want to. Getting a Google Home may seem like a compromise in favor of the Android users in your household, but with Google apps available for iPhone and Google Assistant on iOS, there's no reason a Google Home shouldn't have a place in your bi-platform home. See at Best Buy Sonos Sonos is a wireless speaker system that can be as full and well-rounded as you want or as minimalist as a single speaker. Connect a single Sonos speaker to your home Wi-Fi network and it creates its own network, off of which can run up to 32 speakers. You can create an entire home theater system with the Playbar, SUB, and a couple Play:1s, or you can enjoy music anywhere in your house with a Play:5 or Play:3 or any combination of the lot. The best part is the Sonos Controller app is available for both iOS and Android, and it supports Google Play Music and Apple Music, so everyone can listen to their tunes and control the Sonos setup from the comfort of their own phone. Sonos also supports Spotify, Pandora, and a ton of other streaming services and radio stations. See at Sonos Bose SoundLink III If you want even simpler, more portable wireless tunes, check out the Bose SoundLink III. It's one of the best-sounding Bluetooth speakers available and it can connect to iPhone or Android via Bluetooth and the Bose app (it does not support AirPlay). This little speaker packs a hell of a punch, with warm bass tones, a present midrange, and crisp highs. I might even venture so far as to say it's the best Bluetooth speaker around (in terms of sound quality). See at Amazon Bose QC35 With your Bluetooth speaker, you might also consider grabbing a pair of Bluetooth headphones for the house. The Bose QC35 active noise-canceling headphones are the best of the best. These will connect to both Android and iPhone via Bluetooth, which is perfect for all the phones that are abandoning the headphone jack. These over-ear headphones have a well-rounded sound and best-in-class noise cancellation. They're on the expensive side, but you can grab a pair for everyone to share so that enjoying music or videos in peace is more than doable — even when everyone's being too loud. See at Amazon Tile Mate Losing your keys (or anything important, for that matter) is a real pain in the ass. Tile Mate is designed to eliminate the problem completely. Simply attach the Tile Mate to anything you'd rather not misplace, like your keys, and then use the handy Bluetooth app to locate it. The Tile app is available for both Android and iPhone, making Tile Mate an ideal accessory for multi-platform households. Can't find your phone? Click the button on your Tile to make your phone ring, even when it's on silent. If you're constantly misplacing keys, bags, or whatever, then grab Tile Mate — you can pick up a four-pack for around $70 or a single Tile for around $25. See at Amazon Photojojo magnetic lenses With excellent cameras on both sides of the floor, a great lens is an added luxury that can take your phone photography to new heights. Photojojo makes awesome lenses that fit on just about any iPhone or Android phone. You can change up your photos with a super fisheye lens, a wide-angle, a macro lens, fisheye, telephoto, and a polarizer. These simple magnetic lenses snap on in a jiff and away you go. You can pick up individual lenses or pick up packs — whatever works best for you. See at Photojojo And you? Do you have Android and iPhone in the same household? Which accessories do you use to bridge the gap? Let us know in the comments below. Reader comments Best accessories for households with Android and iPhone 4 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating SvenJ Isn't that still illegal in some states? You know pretty much anything BT will work across all three mobile OSs. I've even paired my BeatsX with my Lumia 950XL (works fine BTW).. That's more interoperable than wired headset buttons and mics. There is not much that is app based/controlled that doesn't support both Android and iOS. 0 5 days ago Reply Hoppydaze Having both iOS and Android devices means having both lightening and USB charging cables where ever you might need them, meaning EVERYWHERE! The little adapters are great but they are tiny and easy to lose. I found a cable that has the adapter attached to the cable by a little coil so it stays right where you need it. I love these things! You can't charge both phones simultaneously but it sure helps cut the cable clutter. Find them here: http://a.co/gbN3upd 0 5 days ago Reply West Londoner Do you know if Google Assistant for iOS has been released in the UK yet ? Cant seem to find it on the app store 0 5 days ago Reply DannyJJK If searching Google Assistant doesn't come up as the first result, then it's not on there 0 4 days ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Lions 2017 French Open Cricket Boxing Formula 1 Racing Other Sports WWE UFC Rugby League Golf AthleticsExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Loans Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited Home Technology Android Technology Newly discovered 'Judy' malware could have infected 35 MILLION Android smartphones, experts warn Over 41 different applications were found to be carrying the malicious code  Share  Comments ByJeff Parsons 12:57, 30 MAY 2017 Technology Don't be fooled by the offer of pancakes - Judy is infecting your Android smartphone with malware  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email A dangerous new piece of malware has been detected on the Google Play store, potentially affecting up to 35 MILLION Android phones. Nicknamed "Judy", the malware was found on 41 different apps developed by a Korean company and discovered by researchers at Check Point Security Technologies. Judy is a piece of auto-clicking adware, meaning it will use a host phone to automatically click on adverts and generate revenue for the perpetrators. "The malicious apps reached an astonishing spread between 4.5 million and 18.5 million downloads," wrote the team from Check Point. Read More Samba vulnerability puts tens of thousands of computers at risk of WannaCry-style cyber attack Up to 35 million devices could be infected by Judy, which operates in the background (Photo: Getty) "Some of the apps we discovered resided on Google Play for several years, but all were recently updated. It is unclear how long the malicious code existed inside the apps, hence the actual spread of the malware remains unknown." The team also said they found apps from other developers that also included the malware code. It's unclear whether these were knowingly or unknowingly affected. The team at Check Point, which also discovered a virus intrusion on the Kodi platform, says it has notified Google about the security breach. Android doesn't have the best track record when it comes to security, however Google says it has found and located all the Judy-hosting apps. Read More Kodi users at risk of being HACKED due to viruses hidden in subtitles, experts warn The malware is being used to generate clicks on adverts and make money (Photo: Cultura RF) Although it can't be said for definite, Check Point has pointed the finger of blame at the app's Korean developers - a Korean company called Kiniwini. "It is quite unusual to find an actual organisation behind mobile malware, as most of them are developed by purely malicious actors," said Check Point. "It is important to note that the activity conducted by the malware is not borderline advertising, but definitely an illegitimate use of the users’ mobile devices for generating fraudulent clicks, benefiting the attackers." Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Android Apps Mobile phones Smartphones Technology all Most Read Most Recent ArchaeologyAstonishing 3D face of 10,000-YEAR-OLD African caveman discovered in Brazil could settle historic debate The relic, nicknamed Apiuna, was found deep inside a cave in Brazil some 50 years ago, Mirror Online can exclusively reveal FIFAWhen is Fifa 18 coming out? 2017 release date, price, where to buy and what leagues are being added EA Sports' all-conquering footy game is due a refresh and there are plenty of rumours about what's coming iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's flagship phone for 2017 Apple's iPhone 8 - which could be called the iPhone Edition or iPhone X - is expected to be the company's biggest smartphone launch in years Pokemon GoMagikarp Jump guide: Hints, tips and tricks on how to conquer the addictive new Pokémon game Are you hooked on the brand new Pokémon smartphone game? Here's how to become a Magikarp Jump champion OnePlusOnePlus 5: Price, UK release date, specs and rumours about the iPhone 7 rival The OnePlus 5 could be here in a matter of weeks - here's what we know so far ArchaeologyAstonishing 3D face of 10,000-YEAR-OLD African caveman discovered in Brazil could settle historic debate The relic, nicknamed Apiuna, was found deep inside a cave in Brazil some 50 years ago, Mirror Online can exclusively reveal London Bridge terror attackHow Facebook's Safety Check shows true spirit of capital in wake of London Bridge terror attack It went from a safety feature to a sign of the true spirit of the capital as it was flooded with offers of help Worldwide Developers ConferenceWWDC 2017 rumours: Siri speaker to be unveiled alongside iOS 11 and macOS 10.13 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Apple will announce3 its latest software developments at its annual developer event in June Worldwide Developers ConferenceWhen is WWDC 2017? Conference dates and how to watch Apple boss Tim Cook's keynote address Marking the start of the annual WWDC development conference is a speech from Apple's head honcho Mobile phonesThese new laws are coming in to force this summer including holiday data roaming charges, cricket and gambling But cheaper phone use could be reversed because Brexit could change everything when when the UK formally leaves the EU Most Read Most Recent WWEWWE Extreme Rules 2017 LIVE: Final card, results and updates Five men will battle for the right to face WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar LionsLions rescued from circus and flown to Africa to keep them 'safe' butchered in suspected witchcraft killing Male lions Jose and Liso were found with their heads severed and their paws hacked off for potions and charms Cristiano RonaldoCristiano Ronaldo celebrates Real Madrid Champions League triumph by getting BRUTAL new haircut The world's most famous footballer just shaved off all his hair. THIS IS NOT A DRILL, PEOPLE London Bridge terror attackMan flees London Bridge terror attack still holding pint of beer in his hand - and Brits couldn't be more proud The image has been shared thousands of times, with Brits defending it as using "our dark humour helping us to cope" London Bridge terror attackFamily of London Bridge terrorist killed by police say 'we just want to grieve in peace' The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children London Bridge terror attackCommuters face chaos around London Bridge as terror attack investigation continues Police said cordons put in place while officers carry out investigation work would remain "well into Monday" Manchester United FCManchester United transfer news and rumours: Red Devils 'prepared to pay more than £100m for Gareth Bale' PLUS: Antoine Griezmann confirms he will stay at Atletico...for now Liverpool transfer newsLiverpool transfer news and rumours: Roma owner responds to Mohamed Salah reports PLUS: Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is ready to snub Liverpool to stay at Arsenal WWEWWE Extreme Rules 2017 results as five men fought to face Brock Lesnar Titles changed hands and a Fatal 5-Way match determined the new number one contender One Love ManchesterIs Ariana Grande engaged? Singer confuses fans with ring on finger as she's supported by boyfriend at One Love Manchester Ariana, 23, and boyfriend Mac Miller performed together but the huge sparkler on her finger sent speculation into overdrive Top Stories London Bridge terror attackFamily of London Bridge terrorist killed by police say 'we just want to grieve in peace' The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children One Love ManchesterThe song that made Arianna cry: Star weeps as she closes One Love concert with Somewhere Over The Rainbow It was an emotional performance London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives London Bridge terror attack'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mum relives terrorists' cry before 'putting knife into her son' Daniel O'Neill was one of the scores of people attacked by three terrorists in the London Bridge area last night London Bridge terror attack“It was like a horror show": Traumatised drinker sees woman stumble into pub with blood spurting from her neck Jeff Witsey, 54, saw the young woman stagger into the The Mudlark pub after having her throat cut by terrorists TerrorismSecurity barriers installed at London bridges after terror attack killed seven and injured 48 Many have questioned why barriers weren't installed after the Westminster attack London Bridge terror attackSchoolboy feared he would die in terror attack and 'said goodbye to family and friends' Miles Clarke, 14, ran for his life as the three jihadis stormed the Black and Blue steakhouse in London Bridge London Bridge terror attackISIS claim responsibility for London Bridge terror attack which left 7 dead and 48 injured Three killers mowed down pedestrians by driving a van at high speed along the kerb across London Bridge London Bridge terror attackCommuters face chaos around London Bridge as terror attack investigation continues Police said cordons put in place while officers carry out investigation work would remain "well into Monday" London Bridge terror attackBlue Thunder choppers and police 'gunships': Inside crack SAS operation during London Bridge terror attack The Dauphin helicopters, dubbed Blue Thunder, dropped off two teams of eight heavily armed special forces troops London Bridge terror attackChilling video shows London Bridge terrorists calmly hunting for victims The harrowing images show the murderous trio stride past the Market Porter pub ahead of the second part of their killing spree that left seven dead and 48 injured One Love ManchesterAriana Grande says emotional meeting with mum of girl killed in bombing changed One Love gig The star said she cried when she hugged Olivia's mum ArchaeologyAstonishing 3D face of 10,000-YEAR-OLD African caveman discovered in Brazil could settle historic debate The relic, nicknamed Apiuna, was found deep inside a cave in Brazil some 50 years ago, Mirror Online can exclusively reveal FIFAWhen is Fifa 18 coming out? 2017 release date, price, where to buy and what leagues are being added EA Sports' all-conquering footy game is due a refresh and there are plenty of rumours about what's coming iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's flagship phone for 2017 Apple's iPhone 8 - which could be called the iPhone Edition or iPhone X - is expected to be the company's biggest smartphone launch in years Pokemon GoMagikarp Jump guide: Hints, tips and tricks on how to conquer the addictive new Pokémon game Are you hooked on the brand new Pokémon smartphone game? Here's how to become a Magikarp Jump champion OnePlusOnePlus 5: Price, UK release date, specs and rumours about the iPhone 7 rival The OnePlus 5 could be here in a matter of weeks - here's what we know so far SonyPlayStation 5: Rumours, price, release date and other news about Sony's latest video game hardware Is the PlayStation 5 real - or is it just a collection of internet myths? Here's what we know so far Sex robotsRealistic sex robots with customisable nipples that can quote Shakespeare to replace women in the bedroom The sex tech industry is already estimated to be worth $30 billion, and sex robots are expected to be the next big craze London Bridge terror attackHow Facebook's Safety Check shows true spirit of capital in wake of London Bridge terror attack It went from a safety feature to a sign of the true spirit of the capital as it was flooded with offers of help SnapChatThis simple trick will let you screenshot a Snapchat message without notifying the sender If you want to screenshot a Snapchat message without the sender knowing, all you need is this simple trick SmartphonesOne in six Brits store their passwords on their mobile phone - but only a third protect against hackers Many save passwords in the Notes app, while over a quarter save them as the name of the organisation in their contacts list SonySony Xperia XZ Premium: Release date, price and specs of Sony's new flagship smartphone Sony's latest device has a 4K HDR display an advanced camera technology capable of recording an incredible 960fps Mobile phonesThese new laws are coming in to force this summer including holiday data roaming charges, cricket and gambling But cheaper phone use could be reversed because Brexit could change everything when when the UK formally leaves the EU Worldwide Developers ConferenceWWDC 2017 rumours: Siri speaker to be unveiled alongside iOS 11 and macOS 10.13 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Apple will announce3 its latest software developments at its annual developer event in June RobotsThis robot suit gives you an extra pair of arms to use at the office The MetaLimbs system lets wearers control two robot arms with their legs Samsung Inc.How waterproof is the Galaxy S7? We put Samsung's new smartphone to the test Samung's new Galaxy S7 smartphone went on sale today - so how waterproof is it really? Worldwide Developers ConferenceWhen is WWDC 2017? Conference dates and how to watch Apple boss Tim Cook's keynote address Marking the start of the annual WWDC development conference is a speech from Apple's head honcho Sex toysAnother sex toy has been HACKED - and this one has a camera on the tip The Siime Eye vibrator has a built-in torch and endoscope camera, allowing the user to "record and share" their experiences with a partner AnonymousAnonymous issues global #BDStheUS threat and demands Americans be BANNED from international travel In response to President Trump's efforts to curb immigration, the hactivists are urging countries to 'boycott, divest and sanction' the USA FacebookHow to find out if someone's been 'stalking' you on Facebook Maybe it's time to exercise a little restraint iPhone 7How waterproof is the iPhone 7? We put Apple's new smartphone to the test Apple's new iPhone 7 goes on sale- so how waterproof is it really? News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Google+ isn’t dead, but it is drowning in spam (though it plans to do something about it) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 10:20am PDTMay 29, 2017 160 Plus 1 on G+ 76 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares300 Editorials Google Last month Gideon Rosenblatt did a post on Google+ about the very platform, and it resonated with us here at AP. Many of you may know that we have invested a lot of our time here into Google+. After all, this is Android Police, and Google+ is as much a product of Google as Android is. But, we’ve been disheartened recently by issues with the social network. Most notably, a growing problem with spam. Our own site founder and owner, Artem, spoke out recently about his problems with the platform in the wake of Rosenblatt's post. And his is just one of many posts which have been attracting more attention and discussion on the subject. All of this has even prompted a response from an engineering manager at Google, who says that it is going to make a greater effort to fix things in the future. But spam is just one symptom of the platform's problems. I can't talk about spam without talking about what causes it. Unfortunately, that means I need to beat a bit of a dead horse. A lot of the problems you've heard about the platform in the past are contributing factors. Spam is an indicator of health, and the often-discussed historical problems with Google+ are the diseases. So it might seem that I'm digressing onto a well-worn subject here, but it is important to the discussion. All the old problems From a development perspective, Google has been distancing its social platform from its other tools as much as it can. Photos and Hangouts were once both integral parts of the Google+ experience. But, much as each subsequent update to Google+ has removed or limited features, each year seems to take away integration with another Google service. Hangouts on Air, Google Photos, Shared Circles, location sharing, Google+ Local, with all these things gone it may almost be fair to say that Google+ may have seen more features removed from the service than it has in total at present. Although it was made a part of G Suite last year, it may be a bit too late, and the utility to businesses for the social platform is likely limited. By design or accident, ostracizing Google+ in this way may have resulted in stagnation. Isolation reduces the user count and the number of eyes on content. And that stagnation is a breeding pool for spam. Google’s advocacy for the social platform has also diminished. Many prominent Googlers, as well as people in the core Google+ team, are barely even using the service. If your own employees can’t be motivated to use your product — if not on merit, at least as a means of promoting it — then what sort of attention is being paid to it? Writing here at AP, when I embed social content from Google, it almost always comes from one of two places: Twitter or YouTube. Part of that is because Google posts more things to those platforms than it does to Google+, and that’s a problem. Consider the difference in content volume between the Google Photos Twitter, Google Photos Blog, and Google Photos Google+ account. The last one of those only saw four posts this year. So not only are Googlers not using the platform, Google also recognizes the lack of marketing value for its own self-promotion. And even those few posts made by official Google accounts have had issues with spam. Thankfully in light of the recent attention drawn to the subject, they've been mostly cleaned up. But, if Google's own content has problems with it, imagine what users face. And all the new ones All the other, well-discussed issues have not been enough to prevent Google+ from soldiering on as a niche network. It isn't Facebook (thankfully), or Twitter, but people use it. Adoption may have slowed, and utility might be diminished, but it has a user base. A surprising number of little communities have popped up inside it. Developers with Android apps have been using it as a platform for app communications, beta tests, and technical support. In the realm of Google related software development, the platform is a small but bustling community attached to the larger market. And the people there like it. At least, they like it when the signal to noise ratio remains high enough to drown out the spam. To be fair, one can't claim this is a problem exclusive to Google+. All social media platforms have problems with spam, it’s basically a rule. As the barriers to mass communication become lower on a given platform, the quantity of submitted content that is used for marketing purposes increases. It becomes a delicate balance. How easy can you make account creation before every account is a bot? How easy should comment removal or reporting be so that spam can be caught, but censorship isn’t abused? What sort of burden can be placed on users, and how much responsibility for policing content can be delegated? Given the widespread nature of spam on most high-profile Google+ posts, this particular balance may need some adjustment. Some of the recent changes to Google+ have also increased the proliferation of spam. A lot of the older functionality that made managing content easier was stripped out in the responsive redesign of 2015-2016. Although the new site is more performant and consumes much less data, it also has a lot fewer methods of user interaction with content. Every post view is now a click, and comments must either be scrolled or each post opened in a new window, both of which make reporting content that little bit harder. Increasing the number of barriers for finding and reporting spam makes each post its own little breeding ground. Even in a perfect world, nothing can ever entirely eliminate spam. Everyone has a Grandma selling Avon that doesn’t care how much people might dislike her relentless self-promotion on Facebook, or a cousin who is stuck in a pyramid scheme and blissfully unaware of his predicament. But more steps need to be taken by Google to decrease its presence. Unfortunately, that's much easier for us to say than it is for Google to do. What can be done? As GitHub previously needed a wake-up call for how to better treat things on a social level, Google might also need to reexamine a few things about how it wants to handle Google+ going forward. Just because the platform has become niche doesn’t mean it doesn’t have a future. For fans of Google’s services, developers on its platforms, and news outlets such as ourselves, the service has genuine utility left in it. To that end, Google has responded to the recent criticisms leveled at the service by promising to do things better going forward. And knowing Google, it will find a novel solution to the problem. But can the it be fixed by itself? Across two responses to the recent posts complaining about spam, Google+ engineer manager Leo Deegan stated that it was the number 1 issue to be addressed going forward. He also acknowledged that some of the interface changes in the redesign on Desktop made things more difficult, but changes are planned for the future. Some of their areas of focus going forward will include better spam control, enhanced community moderation, cleaner notifications, and better navigation. It might seem from the outside that change is occurring slowly, but a lot of work has been done updating things behind the scenes. He reaffirmed that Google is committed to the future of G+, as demonstrated by its inclusion as a core G Suite product, and was glad that the community was providing feedback about these concerns. Spam might just be an indicator that a platform is popular enough to be a target, but a number of the tools that could potentially be used to fight it aren't possible as a result of the other problems I mentioned. By ostracizing Google+, all Google does is ensure that the spam stays in a closed box. If more of Google's services made use of the platform, more eyes would be on its content, and more would likely be reported. With more eyes in Google+ the volume of spam might not change, but spam itself would be reported faster and more frequently. And by not using the service — either as individuals or professionally — Google further decreases the number of eyes on content. In reddit parlance: admins are asleep, post spam. But, imagine they never woke up. It's like an abandoned house covered with graffiti. If the landlord doesn't check in, and a lack of business keeps visitors from the area, all the people living in the neighborhood still have to put up with it. Unfortunately for Google, the cost for us to leave is 0. But fortunately for the neighbors, Google has promised to renovate soon. Tags Google Google Plus opinion spam subscribe ... Previous Story Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more ... Next Story Samsung's new SoundAssistant app gives you greater control over sound on your Galaxy device ... Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments 4Ui812 If Google+ Was a baby it would have been "still born" Francisco Franco No. Mace Moneta You're right, it wasn't dead on arrival. It was actually quite active for a while, and I hit about 80,000 followers. I followed hundreds of interesting people. Had thousands of great discussions. Then the spam started. We all complained to Google, but it was like talking to ourselves. After a while, I was spending most of my time on the service blocking spam, while all the people I followed gave up and left. I left about 6 months ago, as my feed slowly came to a halt due to the exodus. This is much the same sequence as all the social media sites that have come before. Great for a while, turns to crap, I move on. It was great while it lasted. If you're still finding G+ useful, more power to you. chromaniac The problem started when Google decided that they know what Google+ should be instead of what the users of the platform wanted it to be. I was part of the Google+ Help community and it was painful to see TCs and RSs repeating the same thing again and again every time a feature was killed or detached from the platform. In the last couple of months, there were one or two individual accounts that were posting updates. Most of which were teeny tiny enhancements or bug fixes that no one cared about. It's insane how badly they killed a solid platform with a small but dedicated user base. Of course, for a company the size of Google, a product needs to have a sizable user base which Google+ never attained. Too bad, instead of killing it like Google Reader, they keep on dragging it on and on and on insulting the remaining users/fans. bekifft And don't forget that they killed Google Reader specifically because it was seen as a threat to the growth of Google+. I'm still mad at them for that. bekifft There's no metaphor for Google+ as a baby, Google+ was more of a clone born out of a desperate fear of Facebook, combined with poor management. It was always a solution in search of a problem that only Google had and no one else saw as a problem. The start of Google+ and the reign of Larry Page perfectly coincide with the start of Google losing focus. It's been all downhill from there, from a user focus perspective. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Well stated. Cliff Wade Huge thanks to Ryne Hager for the mention and linking to my post. :) Ryne Hager Woo! Thanks for being cool with me doing it. First (real) op-ed. Cliff Wade @ryne_hager:disqus Any time man. Excellent article, but then again, it's written on AP, so you know it's going to be good! :) In all seriousness, really good article and a lot of good stuff was mentioned and discussed. I am a member of the G+ Early Access community, Google+ Create and Community Vanguards(got invited into the last two because of my post you linked to) and I can say there are quite a few things being worked on. One of which deals with spam but I can't elaborate unfortunately. It's just one small step towards what will be coming in the near future hopefully. Leo Deegan, Carter Gibson, LeAnne Osborne and others are very active on G+ and it's good to see things being discussed, both openly and in private communities about the future and updates to G+. I really feel there are some changes coming soon. Ryne Hager Good to hear! I am confident Google will be able to sort things out for the platform. yanick So many astrologers and this article is only opinion. Why didn't you asked them about G+ future? :-))) Ryne Hager Damn, I could have avoided writing this entirely. Next time. ScottColbert Gee, maybe that's why it's tagged as an editorial. #ReadingIsFundamental . Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de92c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de92c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs382ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de92c:....,..... Nick Coad Wooooosh abc Gee, you're an idiot. Mace Moneta Most of the people I followed on G+ starting leaving about a year ago due to the spam. I finally left about 6 months ago. Amazingly, Twitter was much better, though it obviously doesn't easily support long form content. So now, 18 months after the people I know started to leave, Google has decided to address the problem? Great. IainPurdie Gave up on G+ several months ago when they "updated" it. At that point, any posts I put up on my business page were "Me Only" and there was no way to change it. The page with the option to fix this was inaccessible. G+ became, essentially, useless. Plus, they never opened it up fully to allow third party apps to post to it as Twitter and FB have done, making it too much donkey work to use. Then there's the atrocious app that throws stuff from my feed at me in a worse, more random fashion than facebook. It's impossible to find a post you read two minutes ago. skeleton My girlfriend says she doesn't know how to work it, they need to make it more accessible to the average Joe. Suicide_Note Maybe your girlfriend isn't too bright to begin with? skeleton Maybe you're a fucking prick but that's not the point.. Suicide_Note Oh, i totally am, but that doesn't change the fact that your girl is a dim bulb. skeleton Good one, did that make your day? Suicide_Note No, but then it wasn't supposed to. Getting good news about my Porsche made my day, however. How's your day going? skeleton Oh shit you have a Porsche! My bad carry on.. Anunnaki Uninstalled it few months ago and have never looked back. catalysto Brave. abc lol, butthurt fanboy. catalysto So brave. Suicide_Note Courageous. abc fanboy's bum hurts. edmann Most of those spam posts come from middle eastern's and Indians. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Where else you gonna go if you need the services of Baba Ji: black magic specialist? NeilR Go to the US of A for some white magic from this white magic specialist. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/77b2e23f4aa5dd55b2ae37db1c66f39d6491b46ad995b00139dd807c92615697.gif PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ http://d.christianpost.com/full/101519/hillary-clinton-supporter-cries.jpg NeilR Yeah, everyone who doesn't like Trump has to be a feminist and a Hillary supporter. You must be one of those Alt Right bunch. Many Indian-Americans supported Trump, too bad they never met racist dipsthits like you else they'd have surely reconsidered. P.S. Did you just link to a pic on christianpost.com? Oh I see, that's why you don't like Indians. Too many heathens there? abc lol. It must be nice being American. In your tiny world, everyone either supports Trump or Hillary. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It must be nice being American. http://i.onionstatic.com/avclub/2294/30/16x9/960.jpg aRvInD Sadly true. Those spammers clearly target all android beginners and spam them with irrelevant ads. Come here and most economical public buses have exactly same such fake astrology ads all over... NeilR You can find spam anywhere in the world but at least those fake astrology ads are simple enough to be brushed off as most people as spam. NeilR Just because the author of the article linked a few screenshots of spam posts you assume most of the spam on Google+ comes from middle east and India. Nice. Any other sweeping generalizations you make? abc No.1 in spam!! 'Murica, fuck yeah! Ryne Hager You are right, the images are a bit too repetitive. Just to make it clear we didn't intend to single anyone out, I've changed a few of the images in the editorial. Vikas For me Google+ is just a tool to signup for beta or tech support of any app or product. chromaniac Google removed that requirement long time ago. Google+ Sign-in because Google Sign-in. Hamza Abass grateful permit easy access to my google+ account at any time. Vikas These Astrologer, Lost Lover and Champcash spammers can be found everywhere here in India. Carlos Eugênio Meanwhile many normal posts are being considered spam without the option or possibility to approve them in our communities. Schultzter I still say there's nothing new in Google+ that Google didn't already have in their existing products. Their effort would have been much better improving the products they had, keep them separate but make it easy to move from one to the other from within Google. There's no point trying to build a better Facebook now that everyone is already on Facebook. chromaniac The way Google f'ed it up after departure of Vic is astonishing. I finally deleted my account 2 weeks ago. I only miss following the posts of few folks who I believe only post on Google+. But the user experience had become so painful that it was time to say it goodbye. Unbelievable what Google did with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It's not like you can just crack the social media market and become relevant at will, regardless of resources at your disposal. I can sort of imagine the reasons why Twitter got so popular, but don't think it would be easy to try to replicate it. YuCMi You're right, it also takes some awareness and a plan. Both of which Google never seemed to have. Stu I still use it but solely to perform the basic functions that Google Spaces did before Google stopped developing for it. aRvInD When many Googlers who write Android code still use iPhone as primary devices clearly says they themselves aren't interested much in their products... Harsh but truth..! Zsolt V Harsh but a lie. aRvInD Lie?? When why iPhone's Google apps often contain some new features before they get pushed to android beta users? Zsolt V Often? It happens very rarely and then it's because different teams work on different platforms. But what the fuck does that have anything to do with Google+? Or do you really think that the choice that person makes has any influence on the release schedule? At least at Google there is a choice. Can you imagine an Apple employee using a non-iPhone or non-Mac? Vantius Google+ in it's early days had a lot of interesting and new ideas to social media. The idea of putting people into groups based on interests and assigning audiences to posts based on those groups was a great idea. The idea of being able share live videos was a good idea too. It forced Facebook to adapt and improve it's own services. But, Google lost sight and IMHO started going downhill on the introduction of collections. it became obvious that they didn't know which way to take it. András Oláh I think Collections was a great idea but terrible implementation especially after the material design update. If it is a pain to manage your own collections and required 5+ clicks to set the collection you want to post to, no wonder no-one will use it. And the Collections landing page is even more terrible, there is zero visual indication whether a followed collection has any new content or not. I stopped following new collections because I felt that there is no point, as I will never see again those post in my stream. I stopped using more than 4 collections because of the inconvenient UI of switching collections. catalysto Sharing to collections is very easy. Sharing a photo to the G+ app, you can choose any collection or group you want right at the top. Metallinatus But.... did the black mage solve your problem? Ryne Hager 'course they did. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/495e00ef0755a130a47e98be9a9c81d1d83b992ccf87a3ab2b590f99a9c25400.gif Urmil Shroff I hope they do something about this, quickly. Peter Garlinski Maybe I'm one of the few, but Google+ works quite well and I've never encountered spam. Maybe it's because I've spent time with getting my circles setup with legitimate, decent people I want to get content from. With Facebook, I find it harder to really cut through the crap to talk to new people. Google+ makes it easier to do that. If Facebook ditched their awful feed concept, I would use it more, but right now Google+ is my go to platform. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ I'll second that never encountering much spam on Google+ part, at least compared to Facebook. I'm admin on a couple of user groups on Facebook and this week I had to ban at least 15 people for posting Malaysian child pornography videos..imagine. I mean I'd take astrology and sexy love any day over that despicable content. Timothy Vreeland I'll third it. I never see spam on G+. Where are the authors seeing it? My feed just has regular posts from my friends. Thomas Cole I get the job done from comfort of my own home, through simple projects which only needs only from you a Computer in addition to connection to the web and I am just more successful than ever before... After 6 months during this project and i got paid for overall 36,000 usd... Generally I acquire nearly 80 bucks/hr and also work for 3 to 4 hrs daily.And superb thing with this task is usually that you can also supervise time period whenever you work and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check in one week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I work from ease and comfort of my house, with quick tasks that only require from you a Computer system together with connection to the internet and I am also pleasant than ever before... After six months with this project and therefore i acquired compensated overall Thirty six Thousand dollars... Mainly I get near eighty bucks/h and also work for three to four hrs daily.And tremendous factor regarding this job is usually that you can arrange your time whenever you work and for how long as you may like and you earn a paycheck weekly........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now Michael Schaap If you make a post on Google+, and there's nobody there to read it, does it have an impact? YuCMi No, because it's probably spam. YuCMi Google+ doesn't have any quality content in their trending page. At one point I wondered if it could emulate Reddit, but there's no -1 button or a way to block all the cringe teenager oriented communities. If only Google+ let their users decide what they want to see. Instead you have absolute garbage trending. Dmitry Stepanushkin IMPORTANT - You could be entitled up to £3,160 in compensation from mis-sold PPI on a credit card or loan. Please reply PPI for info or STOP to opt out. Just kidding😂 Lord Argyris That black magic specialist stuff seems to be the in thing for spammers these days. I've seen it several other places lately. Robin Hugli I use Google + a lot, not as social media but for all community for apps , beta apps community and all Android roms and development community or all popular tech news website etc , it's really good and quite active. But that's true,if a community for example become less active, like an app community that isn't updated often and the community become a bit dead , it become a spam place , many spam posts as the moderator isn't active. It's quite sad. What I suggested: on telegram, the owner of the chat can add administrators bots , that can detect spam or unsuitable post , automatically delete those posts , ban or warm people. That can be very useful on Google plus. Ryan Its really hard to care at this point. Google+ had some decent ideas around social but it was too late to the game so they "forced" people onto the platform by moving services that shouldn't have been there onto there. I only had G+ for photos and sharing location (when they stripped latitude from Google Maps). And both of those rolled out with LESS functionality as a part of G+ than they did prior. Right or wrong by being forced to use G+ to get them AND the stripped functionality it created a negative association with G+ for me. I was ready for G+ to die from day one and was glad when it did (died as in I can finally uninstall the app because Google isnt forcing me into it). That was the day that location sharing returned to where it should have been all along, Google Maps. Now I have to look forward to the failure of Allo/Duo so Google can return to a real all-in-one messaging platform like what Hangouts was becoming. Sadly it will probably be 3 years from now and nobody will care because they will be even farther behind than they already are. Fruity101079 I don't know if G+ is good or not, I never understand exactly how to navigate, explore, etc... Ui doesn't seem ergonomic, for me. Allen Martin G+ is actually a great platform in terms of what it offers and from a technology standpoint. It just doesn't have ubiquity, which makes it undesirable. And it's cool to make fun of the underdog. I actually use G+ as a news feed for tech news - and most tech news sites post to it regularly (even Android Police). If it ever goes away, I won't be upset but it would be cool if it realizes potential greater than what it is. derp_cookies I'm the owner of the C++ community on Google+ with just over 100,000 users. Spam is absolutely insane. Granted, they're pretty good at flagging spam, but I had to switch all posts to require moderation because it was so bad. My list of banned users is tens of thousands long. They definitely have a spam problem; maybe normal folks won't notice it, and it's more of an issue with communities? Also side note: Is it possible to read a headline somewhere about Google+ without the word "dead" in it? Kieron Quinn I'm an admin of the XDA community (unofficial, 188K members), we used to have loads of spam but it's dropped significantly recently. How many moderators do you have? derp_cookies About 4 at the moment. D.Smithee *crickets* abc Good. Can't wait for it to die. One less piece of Google bloatware on my phone. Gabby Now if we could only get the same examination of Disqus spam. Almost all of it looks so similar that their continuing failure to block it makes me suspect they are actually profiting from the spam somehow. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 111 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 111 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.364s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy London bridge terror attack claimed by Islamic State: A look at jihadist-linked attacks in Europe since 2015 Remembering Tiananmen Square: 28 years later, thousands gather in Hong Kong London terror attacks: Gurudwaras open doors to stranded locals, tourists; offer food and shelter Champions League: Real Madrid's 12th title, Cristiano Ronaldo's 600th career goal and more defining stats How did Saddam Hussein spend his final days? Eating muffins and relaying anecdotes about his children more from #Judy Google's Android bug bounty increased to $2,00,000 Judy malware: Here is the complete list of infected Google Play Store apps Judy malware could have affected up to 36.5 million Android users: Check Point Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Judy malware: Here is the complete list of infected Google Play Store apps By tech2 News Staff /  30 May 2017 , 17:27 #Judy In what would be one of the biggest malware stories of our time, the security researchers at Check Point had unearthed an Android malware campaign that could have infected up to 36.5 million Android users to date. The malware called “Judy” has spread or rather had been spreading, undetected over the past year in the form of 41 applications that have been available for download on the Google Play Store. After being informed by Check Point Google reacted by quickly taking down all of these 41 applications from the Play Store. Unfortunately for Android users, the damage had already been done. The apps did not come from one developer but several developers who all had the same malware. For now it isn’t clear whether the deveopers were connected. What Check Point did reveal was that the code could have been replicated by third-party developers adding some more developers to that list. Judy works by generating clicks on advertisements. This allows hackers to charge advertisers for the clicks, getting them plenty of money in return. From the Check Point report these applications have been downoad between 4.5 to 18.5 million times and there is a big chance that users could have been a victim of the Judy malware. Thanks to Check Point, we now have a long list of apps developed by Korea-based Kiniwini, that happens to be a registered developer on the Google Play Store. Oddly, these also happen to be apps that have received 4 star ratings complete with positive reviews on the Play Store. If you are a bit confused as to which are of these apps are infected and which are not? A simple solution is to simply uninstall any app with the word “Judy” in it. App name Date Developer Fashion Judy: Snow Queen style 24.3.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Persian cat care 14.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Pretty rapper 24.3.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Teacher style 24.3.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Dragon care 14.4.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Halloween Cookies 10.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Wedding Party 7.4.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Teddy Bear care 16.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Bunny Girl Style 24.3.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Frozen Princess 7.4.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Triangular Kimbap 10.4.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Udong Maker – Cook 10.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Uniform style 24.3.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Rabbit care 14.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Vampire style 24.3.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Nine-Tailed Fox 18.4.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Jelly Maker – Cook 10.4.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Chicken Maker 10.4.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Sea otter care 14.4.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Elephant care 16.4.17 Kiniwini Judy’s Happy House 10.4.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Hotdog Maker – Cook 29.3.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Birthday Food Maker 10.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Wedding day 20.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Waitress style 24.3.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Character Lunch 10.4.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Picnic Lunch Maker 10.4.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Rudolph care 14.4.17 Kiniwini Judy’s Hospital:pediatrics 10.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Country style 24.3.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Feral Cat care 16.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Twice Style 20.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Myth Style 20.4.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Fennec Fox care 14.4.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Dog care 14.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Couple Style 24.3.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Cat care 14.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Halloween style 7.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: EXO Style 7.4.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Dalgona Maker 28.3.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: ServiceStation Food 10.4.17 Kiniwini Judy’s Spa Salon 10.4.17 Kiniwini 커플디데이 (커플기념일, 위젯) 2-Apr-17 Neoroid Dog Music (Relax) 29-Jun-16 Neoroid 카카오톡 대화분석기 25-Feb-16 DeepEnjoy 황금기 알리미 (여성달력) 20-Apr-16 Neoroid 100억 가계부 2-Apr-17 그린 스튜디오 KatocPic(카톡픽) – 카톡프로필 23-Aug-16 Wontime 필수추천 무료어플 77 5-Feb-17 App&Apps Spring-It’s stylish, it’s sexy 30-Sep-16 Sundaybugs Crafting Guide for Minecraft 4-May-17 JIZARD Publish date: May 30, 2017 5:27 pm| Modified date: May 30, 2017 5:27 pm Tags: Judy, Judy Android malware, Judy apps Google Play, Judy infected apps, Judy malware Also read Ransomware: Understanding the landscape of this form of malware and effective ways to counter it Judy malware could have affected up to 36.5 million Android users: Check Point X Recommended For You Here is how governments are fighting the spread of extremism on the internet CPI-M calls for discussion on the design choices of EVMs with EC and parties BEL and Botswana deny holding any hackathon to test EVM machines WWDC 2017: Here’s what Apple has in store for this year’s event Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Virtual Reality Jun 5, 2017 Virtual reality capable of soothing pain #Smartphone Jun 5, 2017 Researchers create a new “Miracle Material” with unbreakable properties #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #Tech Mahindra Jun 5, 2017 Tech Mahindra recognized as a global engineering R&D services provider leader #Blockchain Jun 5, 2017 Food Industry is testing Blockchain to ensure safety of the food #Social Media Jun 5, 2017 Post London attack, Facebook hopes to be a ‘hostile environment’ for terrorism SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
X SORRY, No RESULTS FOUND LOAD MORE Technology notification hi, my dashboard profile setting logout sign in / sign up Home News Apps Science And Future FOR YOU Trending Online Education In India To Be Rs 12,669 Crore Industry By 2021, With Rise In Paid... 452 SHARES Home News india world sports weird Technology News Apps Science And Future Lifestyle self style who we are travel food Entertainment bollywood celebscoop hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Sports Videos Trending Home > Technology > News Online Education In India To Be Rs 12,669 Crore Industry By 2021, With Rise In Paid E-Courses Gwyn D'Mello May 30, 2017 452 SHARES Google and KPMG have released a report titled ‘Online Education in India: 2021’ that analyses the growing utilisation of the Internet in the education industry. The report reveals that online education is expected to grow eight times over in the next four years, to eventually become a $1.96 billion industry in the country by 2021. Utilising market research by KPMG and insights from Google search, the report also states that the number of paid users of online education services will increase by 6x from 1.6 million in 2016 to approximately 9.6 million in 2021.  According to the study, over the last two years, online searches for education have doubled, with a 3x increase from mobile devices alone. In addition, 44 percent of education-focused Google searches are coming from areas other than India’s top six metropolitan cities, with a quadruple increase in educational content consumed on YouTube in the last year alone. Online certification courses are expected to grow the most; with a net value of 493 million in 2016, it’s expected to touch $463 million by 2021. Yet, primary and secondary supplementary education has the most number of consumers, with a student base of 260 million, making it the second largest category, and expected to reach $773 million by 2021. “The online education segment is set to become a multi-billion dollar opportunity in India,” said Nitin Bawankule, Industry Director, Google India. “There are many factors driving this growth including the perceived convenience, increased reach and personalisation offered by online channels. It is also interesting to note, that high growth in education search queries is now coming in from Tier 2 and 3 cities such as Patna, Guwahati, Aligarh and Kota - which points to the opportunities that growing penetration of smartphones and improving quality of internet have opened up.” According to Sreedhar Prasad, a partner at KPMG India, this is promising for the future of the country’s online education industry. “There are several evolving trends in the Indian online education segment that are contributing to the growth opportunities ahead. These include emergence of hybrid learning channels, continuous need for working professionals to learn new skills as well as emergence of technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence that is enabling online education vendors to design customized content. At the same time, it will be critical for players to deliver differentiated offerings for consumers to see continued value in online education channels.” Don't Miss Google Chrome Will Be Blocking Invasive And Annoying Ads From 2018, Even The Ones From Google 278 SHARES Google's New 11-Storey London HQ To House A 3-Lane Swimming Pool And Massage Rooms 3.2K SHARES With 6.5Mbps Average Internet Speed, India Ranks 89th In The World, Behind Sri Lanka & Vietnam 3.6K SHARES 'Aliens Aren't Just Real, They've Already Visited Us,' Believes Aerospace Billionaire From US 1.3K SHARES Indians Spend The Most Time Online On Android In The World & Are Obsessed With WhatsApp & Jio 1.2K SHARES 452 SHARES just in Science And Future 246 SHARES Curiosity Rover Finds That A Stratified Lake Existed On Mars Three Billion Years Ago Partner 5.9K SHARES India Vs Pakistan: 5 Reasons Why You Absolutely Cannot Miss The India-Pakistan Match Science And Future Researchers "Hack" A Dragonfly To Turn It Into A Miniature Remote-Controlled Cyborg Drone Apps 181 SHARES This App Turns Your Smartphone Camera Into A Smart Document Scanner Unlike Any Other Out There News Parents Have No Right To Dead Child's Facebook Account, According To A German Court Science And Future Researchers Modify Killer Antibiotic To Make It 25,000 Times Better Against Resilient Bacteria Partner 5.1K SHARES Ranbir Kapoor’s Latest Travel Video Is Something Every Traveller Must Watch. We Are Definitely Loving It Science And Future 171 SHARES We Should Stop Worrying About Robots Taking Our Jobs And Start Asking Ourselves: What Next? Science And Future 1.1K SHARES Next Mass Extinction Of Life On Earth Will Be Brought By Growing Human Population, Say Scientists News Ethiopia Has Shut Down Its Internet Nationwide To Prevent Students From Cheating In Exams News 457 SHARES Play A Game Of Cricket, With Crickets, In Google's Latest Doodle For The ICC Champion's Trophy Gadgets 2.8K SHARES Intel Shrinks The Desktop Computer Down To A Credit Card That You Can Carry In Your Pocket News 182 SHARES Microsoft Hosts India's First Accessibility Summit For Tech Access To The Differently-Abled News This Working Holographic Model Of Microsoft's Cortana Digital Assistant Is Simply Amazing! Apps Researchers Have Built An AI That Can Turn Your Face Into An Animated, Talking Bronze Statue   YOU MAY ALSO LIKE celebscoop Sorry Bebo! But It Was Taimur Ali Khan Who Was The Real Star On The Internet This Week Isha Sharma 24.4K SHARES india Setting A Great Example Of Harmony, A Temple In Kerala Holds Iftar For Muslims Who Helped... Bobins Abraham 46K SHARES celebscoop 11 Photos That Prove Sonakshi Sinha Is The Ultimate Instagram Queen Saloni Singh 42.4K SHARES india Indian Army Men Create History By Climbing Mt Everest Without Using Oxygen Cylinders Shewali Tiwari 18.9K SHARES india Hindus & Muslims Join Hands To Remove Loudspeakers From Places Of Worship In Moradabad Village Nazar Abbas 17.2K SHARES Entertainment This Video Of College Girls From Odisha Dancing On Rahman’s Muqabala Is Breaking The... Garima Satija 30.5K SHARES Sports As Everyone's Eyes Are Fixed On India Vs Pakistan, B Sai Praneeth Makes Heads Turn By Winning... Prabhjeet Singh Sethi 14.5K SHARES celebscoop Prabhas Is Experiencing Withdrawal Symptoms, Says Baahubali Was His Life For Five Years! Garima Satija 28K SHARES india Afroz Shah, Who Initiated Versova Beach Clean Up, Vows To Clean 19 Beaches In Mumbai Seema Mattoo 13.9K SHARES world Ireland Chooses An Indian-Origin Gay Doctor To Be Its Next Prime Minister. And He's Just 38-YO Indiatimes 20K SHARES india Home Minister Breaks Protocol, Hugs BSF Jawan Who Sustained 85% Disability While Fighting... Indiatimes 22.3K SHARES world China Unveils Its Most Complex Overpass & It Has 20 Ramps, Five Levels, And Eight Directions! Anjali Bisaria 21.5K SHARES OUR NETWORK MensXP iDiva Luxpresso Whats Hot SPECIALS #GIRF2017 #Budget2017 #FitIT #SelfieExpert Pollution Today Stories That Matter 2016 #PunjabDrugCrisis #Error377 Go For Gold #FRONTLINES Indianama Panama Papers ABOUT US KNOW IT Trending Topics Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS get app Stay UPDATED with all that's buzzing and trending with indiatimes App! FOLLOW US ON other sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider Gizmodo Lifehacker Gaana Techradar WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Femina Property Speaking Tree Copyright © 2017 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Smartphones Android creator takes on Google and Apple with Essential Phone and Amazon Echo rival Rubin's mystery smartphone revealed alongside Essential Home smart speaker-like device. By Oliver Cragg May 30, 2017 13:19 BST The first renders of Essential's debut smartphone have been released.Essential Android co-creator Andy Rubin has unveiled the first wave of devices from Essential - a new company looking to apply "real passion and craftsmanship" to smartphone hardware. Essential released the first official renders of the Essential Phone and an Amazon Echo and Google Home rival, called Essential Home, earlier today (30 May). The long-teased phone and surprise smart speaker-like device come from a team that reportedly consists of around 40 employees and is made up of alumni from Apple, Google, HTC and other leading players in the smartphone sector. Here's everything we know so far about the two devices: Essential Phone Initially planned for a US-only release, the Essential Phone will retail for $699 (£544) and appropriately runs Android OS. While the specification list is very much in line with the top-end smartphones of 2017 - Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 processor, 4GB of RAM and a huge 128GB of storage - the innovative design could draw a few eyes away from more established names. There are hints of the LG G6 and Samsung Galaxy S8 in the Essential Phone's elongated screen and minimal bezel space, but it takes the edge-to-edge ethos a step further by integrating the selfie camera into the display's notification bar. The rear dual camera, meanwhile, has a similar set-up to Huawei's P10 with one standard 13 megapixel lens complimented by a secondary monochrome sensor. Audio fans may be upset by the lack of a 3.5mm headphone jack, but a USB-C dongle is included for those without wireless headphones. 1 of 2 The Essential Phone in 'Pure White'.Essential The Essential Phone in 'Pure White'.Essential Essential's mods attach to the phone via a magnetic connector on the rear.Essential The part-titanium and part-ceramic smartphone is also attempting to revive modular hardware design - a prospect that lost its luster after the LG experimented with peripherals with the G5. However, rather than removing parts of the device to accommodate modular add-ons, the Essential Phone has a magnetic pin connector dubbed "Click" that transmits data to attachments over a wireless connection. Essential revealed a 360-degree camera and an Essential Phone Dock that utilises this feature. Judged on the stunning renders and flagship specs, the Essential Phone is certainly an intriguing and attractive prospect from an unknown company with enough pedigree to match its impressive ambition. Essential's bold pitch doesn't stop there though... Essential Home On the surface, Essential's Home is the latest addition to the growing smart speaker market that takes the tube-like design of its rivals and shrinks it into a circular pod with a top-mounted screen. The squashed device also shares some of the functionality of its competitors like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, with its digital assistant tech offering smart home controls, voice-activated music playback, reminders, notifications and the usual gamut of smart speaker features. What Essential believes separates it from the pack is its intelligence which comes via Essential's own software platform called Ambient OS. Essential's website notes that you can "Ask, tap, or even glance to activate" the Home's AI system. Details are limited on what Ambient OS is and what it actually does, but the company claims that Home will be a pro-active, but subtle alternative that uses local network services wherever possible, as opposed to the cloud-based service favoured by Google and Amazon. With Apple also rumoured to be entering the nascent intelligent speaker market, it will be interesting to see how Essential's underdog proposition fares against the tech elite. Essential has not revealed any launch schedule or pricing for Essential Home at the time of writing, although US buyers can reserve an Essential Phone here. Essential Home official render.Essential More from IBTimes UK What's a smartphone thumb? Excessive texting is leading to more cases of the repetitive strain injury Five apps Donald Trump should have on his iPhone besides Twitter #TheresaMayGifs: PM trolled on social media over 'awful' debate performance on TV Related topics : Android Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Video game news round-up: Overwatch moon map, Nintendo Switch Online & Pokemon Go's summer plans Columnists Iqbal Wahhab “As a Muslim restaurant owner in Borough Market, this attack sickens me READ MORE How the world's biggest tech firms reacted to Trump's climate deal exit Zuckerberg, Dorsey, Musk and Cook join the high-profile names to slam... Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening... Stratolaunch: Amazing facts about the world's biggest plane With Paul Allen's super plane close to take-off here are five things... 'This is how you offer support?' Twitter slams Trump for pushing travel ban during London attack Trump's first tweet came even before the nature of the London Bridge... Bahrain foreign minister's Twitter account hacked following Qatar news hack controversy The hackers posted a slew of disturbing images and threats against... Toyota is working on a flying car Toyota has invested 42.5 million yen in startup Cartivator Resource... Google Chrome to block all adverts on websites that annoy users with intrusive pop-ups Google's ad blocker will allow ads as long as websites follow... Here's how you can improve performance of Windows 10 PC Check out the top tips to speed up your Windows 10 device. Five hopes for Sony and PS4 at E3 2017: Sucker Punch, keeping Kojima away, PSVR and more What we want to see from Sony at its E3 2017 press conference. 'Your hypocrisy is mind-numbing': Twitter roasts Ivanka Trump over LGBTQ Pride tweets 'Your words mean nothing to us,' one Twitter user wrote. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Nancy Messieh Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Why 2017 Is the Year of Android, Not Apple Android Why 2017 Is the Year of Android, Not Apple Dan Price May 30, 2017 30-05-2017 7 minutes Why 2017 Is the Year of Android, Not Apple Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Forget Apple. Forget iOS. Forget Tim Cook. Don’t fall for the marketing ploys. Don’t listen to the fanboy platitudes. In 2017, there’s only one mobile operating system that’s innovating, growing, and developing: Android. This assertion isn’t based on personal preferences or online rumors. It’s not borne out of a dislike for Apple or a loathing of iOS. It’s grounded in cold, hard facts. Don’t believe me? Keep reading to find out why 2017 is the year of Android. App Stores Projections Technology lives or dies by its popularity. There’s a reason VHS beat Betamax in the first battle for your living room, and Internet Explorer smashed Netscape Navigator into the trashcan of history: user numbers. And right now, the various projections don’t make happy reading for Apple and iOS. In late-2016, App Annie released its annual report. It found that over the course of the previous 12 months, global app downloads had risen by 15 percent, time spent using apps had increased by 25 percent, and money paid to developers had grown by 40 percent. The report suggested users in China and other emerging markets fueled a significant part of the growth. And which operating system is most popular in China? It’s Android, by miles. The most recent figures from Statista show Android boasts a mammoth 74.44 percent market share, compared to iOS’s 24.74 percent. Worryingly for Apple, the percentages have barely moved in the last four years. If anything, Android is the operating system that’s been slowly stealing users away from Windows Mobile and other defunct platforms. It’s the same story in countries like Brazil, Mexico, Turkey, and Indonesia. They’re the places that’ll be driving app store growth in the next decade — markets in Europe and the United States have almost reached saturation point. The Future So what does the future look like? App Annie says the number of handsets will grow from 2.6 billion in 2015 to 6.2 billion in 2020, and the Play Store will be the clear beneficiary. Projections show the growth of Google’s store will be four times stronger than the growth of Apple’s store. It also predicts that by early 2018, the combined app revenue of the Google Play Store and other Android stores such as Amazon Appstore Google Play vs. Amazon Appstore: Which Is Better? Google Play vs. Amazon Appstore: Which Is Better? The Google Play Store isn't your only option when it comes to downloading apps -- should you give the Amazon Appstore a try? Read More will surpass Apple’s App Store revenues. Most estimates think the changeover will happen in late-2017. Bottom line: There’s only so long that developers will maintain their iOS-first approach iPad and iPhone vs. Android: What's Best for Mobile Games? iPad and iPhone vs. Android: What's Best for Mobile Games? Android and iOS offer two different experiences in every facet. But is an iPhone better than a Pixel for mobile gaming? Let's find out. Read More . Like any business, they’ll follow the money. Innovation When was the last time Apple did something truly innovative with iOS? In fact, when was the last time the operating system changed in any seriously discernible way for end users? Apple released iOS 10 in 2016 iOS 10 Is Here! Why You Should Upgrade Right Now iOS 10 Is Here! Why You Should Upgrade Right Now Apple's tenth revision of its mobile operating system is here. This is how to upgrade right now for free. Read More . The headline new features were a press-to-unlock home screen and mainly cosmetic app updates. The visuals of the platform have barely changed since 2007’s original iPhone. Meanwhile, in the software department, Android has improved by leaps and bounds. Different manufacturer versions of Android now boast fantastic features Android Skins Explained: How Do Hardware Makers Change Stock Android? Android Skins Explained: How Do Hardware Makers Change Stock Android? Hardware makers like to take Android and morph it into something that is entirely their own, but is this a good or a bad thing? Take a look and compare these different Android skins. Read More that aren’t present in iOS. To be fair, though, outside of the top couple of premium Android handsets, iPhones do have better hardware. Apple is continually improving there, and the amount of technology they manage to cram into the ultra-slim iPhones never ceases to amaze me. An Operating System for Life? But what’s going on outside of the smartphone sector? Right now, Apple’s newest iPhone 7 can’t even connect to its top-of-the-line MacBook Pro without an assortment of dongles and adaptors. Let’s cast the net even wider. What other projects is Google working on? Well, there’s self-driving cars How Close Are We to Self-Driving Cars Being Available? How Close Are We to Self-Driving Cars Being Available? Read More , global internet coverage, Google Glass Is Google Glass the Best Thing Since Sliced Bread? [MUO Debates] Is Google Glass the Best Thing Since Sliced Bread? [MUO Debates] Join us as Justin and Matt face off in a debate about whether or not Google Glass is the next big thing that's going to transform the world of technology and mobile applications. Read More , Nest, delivery drones, medical devices, smart contact lenses, Android Auto Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Auto is Google's special app for using your phone in the car, and it's now available on every phone. Here's what you can do with it, and how to set it up. Read More , Google Fiber Google's Most Interesting: Apps, Projects, and Services You Must Know About Google's Most Interesting: Apps, Projects, and Services You Must Know About Google always has dozens of projects going at any given time and it can be hard to keep track of them all. Here are the most interesting ones that you should be aware of. Read More , virtual reality, and more. And which operating system is going to underpin those cars, futuristic devices, and other ambitious projects? It’s certainly not going to be iOS. Privately, Google must think it’s won the smartphone war. It boasts an insurmountable 81.7 percent market share globally. It’s moving onto bigger things. And Apple? It spent its time peddling mostly unwanted smartwatches Apple Watch Sales Might Have Dropped, But It’s Far From a Flop Apple Watch Sales Might Have Dropped, But It’s Far From a Flop We won't know the true number of sales until Apple releases official data in the Fall, but even if recent poor sales figures are correct; the Apple Watch is far from a flop. Read More and inventing pencils. Google’s been working on its self-driving car since 2009. Apple only got its Californian “learners license” in early 2017. Sarcasm aside, it’s clear Google has big plans for both itself and its mobile platform. The projects I mentioned above might be in the long-term plans, but Android could easily become an “operating system for life” which underpins them all. Short-Term Success There are three areas where Android is growing outside the smartphone sector right now. ChromeOS ChromeOS has frightened Microsoft and Apple. It’s success and rate of growth is astounding, especially in the education sector where Apple once reigned supreme. And in early 2017, the operating system got even better 7 Features Your Next Chromebook Must Have 7 Features Your Next Chromebook Must Have Chromebooks are becoming increasingly popular. But if you're about to hit the shops and buy your own, check these features your next Chromebook must have before you part with any money. Read More : Android apps finally became available on the platform. The Samsung Chromebook Pro kicked off the revolution, but on its website, Google has listed more than 80 existing laptop models that will become Play Store-compatible over the coming months. By the middle of this year, every new Chromebook will be Android-enabled. Given Chromebooks outsold Macs One Million Reasons to Buy a Chromebook, Chromebooks Outsell Macs... [Tech News Digest] One Million Reasons to Buy a Chromebook, Chromebooks Outsell Macs... [Tech News Digest] Google is bringing Android apps to Chrome OS, Chromebooks outsell Macs in the U.S., Gran Turismo Sport has a release date, help Google name Android N, and watch a nightmarish vision of our future. Read More in the United States for the first time in May 2016, there’s an enormous user base that’ll soon automatically be part of the Android ecosystem. Remix OS Google hasn’t developed Remix OS itself, but nevertheless, it does represent a giant leap for the company. Remix OS is a free operating system Run Android Apps on Windows With Remix OS Player Run Android Apps on Windows With Remix OS Player Want to run Android apps on Windows? Meet Remix OS Player, a virtualized desktop version of Android that runs almost any Android app. Read More that runs on any PC with x86 or ARM architecture. It’s based entirely on an x86 port of the Android operating system and means users can install any Android app on their computer. There are versions available for both Windows and Mac. It means even people who use a Mac for professional purposes can still have access to the Google Play Store on their machine. Unlike Chromebooks, which can run Linux How to Install Linux on a Chromebook How to Install Linux on a Chromebook Do you need Skype on your Chromebook? Do you miss not having access to games through Steam? Are you pining to use VLC Media Player? Then start using Linux on your Chromebook. Read More but struggle under the weight of Windows, users can dual-boot the two systems and easily switch between them. At the time of writing, there is no equivalent for Apple. It’s not surprising: Apple is notoriously stubborn about its “walled garden” approach. It’s an approach that’s served the company well through the formative years of mobile technology, but at what point does it start becoming a hindrance rather than a help? Smart TVs Are you in the market for a new television Is a Smart TV Worth It in 2017? 6 Things to Check Before You Buy Is a Smart TV Worth It in 2017? 6 Things to Check Before You Buy These days, almost every TV is "smart" in some capacity, but there are several important features to look out for! Here's why 2017 is the best year yet for purchasing a smart TV. Read More ? If you are, there’s a good chance you’ll buy a model from either Sony, Sharp, or Philips. Between them, the three giants accounted for more than 35 percent of TV sales in Europe and North America in 2016. But what do the three manufacturers all have in common? They all use the Android TV operating system What Is Android TV, and Why Was Google TV Killed? What Is Android TV, and Why Was Google TV Killed? Android TV is replacing the now-five-year-old Google TV. And it's not just an update -- it's a complete remake. Read More . That means all users get access to the Google Play Store, have access to native Chromecast technology, and can use Google Assistant. It’s yet another avenue in which Android will be picking up users, often without them even being aware. Of course, Apple offers Apple TV devices. But a report from eMarketer provides yet more worrying news for the company. It says the devices now control just 11.9 percent of the connected TV market, down from 13.5 percent 12 months ago. Chromecast boasts 19.9 percent (up 1.5 percent) and Roku has 18.2 (up 3 percent). Fuchsia Right now, Google’s various operating systems are still fragmented: Android, Android TV, Chromecast, ChromeOS, and so on. It’s a problem Microsoft has also struggled with as it’s attempted to expand Windows for the 21st century. In this regard, Apple has been the winner in the last decade. The company’s marketing team have religiously stuck to “i[Device]” branding, and the OSX and iOS platforms have been clearly designated as “for desktop” and “for mobile.” But the tide is turning. We’re at a crossroads. It’s no longer only about desktop and mobile — it’s about everything. Once again, Google appears to be one step ahead of the game. It’s developing an entirely new operating system: Project Fuchsia. We don’t know much about the system at the moment. All we’ve seen is some code on GitHub from August 2016. However, clues in the code suggest something grand is coming. Some experts have said it looks like the OS will be able to run on everything from self-driving cars to traffic lights — with smartphones, tablets, and PCs very much included. Is Google going to replace Android? Is Fuchsia the operating system for life I referred to earlier? It’s very possible. If the rumors are true, you need to get onto the Android operating system now. When you’re eventually upgraded to Fuchsia, you’ll realize it was one of the smartest tech decisions you ever made. The End of Android’s Childhood? Android has been part of our lives since September 2008. At the time, it was hard to imagine quite what a juggernaut the operating system would become. To many, it’s already grown up. It’s fast, fluid, sleek, professional, and millions of user around the world love it. But I don’t think it has grown up. If anything, it’s only just starting to embark on its teenage years. Over the next few years, you’ll see it grow a beard, start university, and get married. It might even change its name. 2017 is more than the year of Android. It’s the start of the decade of Android. Disagree? Can Apple respond to the ever-increasing threat of Android domination? Or is it happy to consign itself to being a luxury brand for the few? Let us know what you think in the comments below. Previous PostYou Can Now Play Crazy Taxi Free on Your SmartphoneNext PostGet More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using 3 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * jbelkin May 31, 2017 at 3:56 am Android is really 100 different OSes - especially Android China. Android is free and easy to create backdoors, of course it's perfect for governments and government like entities which track you like Google. Nothing wrong with that but you get what you pay for. Android is already dead on ALL OTHER NON-SMARTPHONE devices as something NO consumer is willing to pay for. Consumers wont even buy a Google phone with Android (Nexus,Moto, Pixel, HTC ...). Google has LITERALLY spent $15 billion dollars to sell about 3-million phones. NEST is not growing and no one is buying Android tablets or smartwatches. If people won't buy an android smartwatch, you think they want an android OS car - hahahaha. With 3,500 phones avaialble, what were the 4 best selling phones of 2016? Iphone 7, iphone 6, iphone 7+, iphone 6+ ... Consumers are willing to use androd if it's FREE. But when they can afford an OS, Apple wins EVERYTIME. You might find android to work with to track yur customers but in the REAL WORLD, Android is death as a paid product. Reply decafjava May 30, 2017 at 3:48 pm Hurray for surveillance capitalism! Reply Andy S. May 30, 2017 at 2:32 pm Your comparisons in the second section only make sense if you're being willfully ignorant of the salient details. VHS beat Betamax in terms of user numbers, sure. And Betamax disappeared as a result. But that's because lower user numbers also meant that Betamax as a technology ceased to be profitable. As it stands, the iOS ecosystem remains profitable. iOS isn't going away any time soon. It's also an unfortunate comparison, considering that Betamax is still considered to have been technologically superior to VHS. Using the VHS vs. Betamax analogy as your evidence of how high user numbers are the important factor in a platform war isn't exactly complimentary of Android. IE had greater user numbers than Netscape, but only because it was pre-installed on every Windows PC, and Windows PCs were the dominant computing platform. Did IE really "smash" Netscape Navigator, though? Not really. After Netscape was bought by AOL, the technology behind Navigator eventually grew into what we know today as Mozilla Firefox. Now, ask yourself: how many people do you know who use IE as their primary browser? You're more likely to find out that someone is a Firefox user than an IE user these days. Reply Dan Price 419 articles Dan is a British expat living in Mexico. He is currently the Creative Editor for MakeUseOf and was formerly the Finance Editor. Prior to his writing career he was a Financial Consultant. He holds various certifications from the University of Leeds, the University of Cambridge, and the Chartered Insurance Institute.… Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Trending Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Android Entertainment Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right… Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You… This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Advertisement Related Articles How Google Can Help You Plan the Perfect Summer Vacation Internet How Google Can Help You Plan the Perfect Summer Vacation Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Android Entertainment Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Knowing These Google Tricks Will Make Your Genealogy Research Easy Internet Knowing These Google Tricks Will Make Your Genealogy Research Easy Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Netzwelt Mein SPIEGEL Schlagzeilen ǀ Wetterǀ DAX 12.822,94ǀ TV-Programmǀ Abo Netzwelt Nachrichten Schlagzeilen Nachrichtenarchiv Newsletter RSS Mobil mehr Story Fotostrecken Infografiken Hilfe Impressum Politik Übersicht Deutschland Ausland Europa Meinung Meinung Wirtschaft Übersicht Börse Verbraucher & Service Versicherungen Unternehmen & Märkte Staat & Soziales Mittelstand Brutto-Netto-Rechner Jobsuche Immowelt Tarifvergleiche Panorama Übersicht Justiz Leute Gesellschaft Multimedia-Reportagen Elterncouch LOTTO 6aus49 Eurojackpot Sport Übersicht Fußball-Liveticker Fußball-News Champions League Fußball-Tippspiel Formel 1 Formel-1-Liveticker Ergebnisse Live-Kalender Bundesliga präsentiert von Continental Kultur Übersicht Kino Musik TV Literatur Gutenberg Bestseller Buchrezensionen Hörbücher Video Netzwelt Übersicht Netzpolitik Web Gadgets Games Apps Wissenschaft Übersicht Mensch Natur Technik Weltall Medizin Datenlese ÜberMorgen Sudoku Kenken Street Gesundheit Übersicht Diagnose & Therapie Ernährung & Fitness Psychologie Sex & Partnerschaft Schwangerschaft & Kind BMI-Rechner Kalorienrechner Arztsuche einestages Übersicht Zeitzeugen Erster Weltkrieg Zweiter Weltkrieg DDR Fotografie Film Musik Archiv KarriereSPIEGEL Leben und Lernen Übersicht Schule Uni Job bento Reise Übersicht Städtereisen Deutschland Europa Fernweh Skiatlas Deals der Woche Auto Übersicht Tests Fahrkultur Kfz-Versicherung Stil Übersicht Design Mode Kochen Reisen Hotels English Front Page World Europe Germany Business Zeitgeist BeyondTomorrow Newsletter SPIEGEL Plus Übersicht SPIEGEL Plus Deutschland SPIEGEL Plus Wirtschaft SPIEGEL Plus Gesellschaft SPIEGEL Plus Ausland SPIEGEL Plus Sport SPIEGEL Plus Wissenschaft SPIEGEL Plus Kultur DER SPIEGEL live DER SPIEGEL DER SPIEGEL (digitales Magazin) Titelbilder & Heftarchive Abo-Angebote Shop SPIEGELblog SPIEGEL TV Übersicht SPIEGEL TV Magazin SPIEGEL TV Reportage SPIEGEL TV Programm SPIEGEL.TV Forum Übersicht Votes Netiquette Themen Service Wetter Börse TV-Programm Benzinpreis Bußgeldrechner Werkstattvergleich Bücher bestellen DSL-Vergleich Ferientermine Gasanbietervergleich Stromanbietervergleich Energiesparratgeber Energievergleiche Gehaltscheck Uni-Tools Währungsrechner Versicherungen Abbrechen Zeitraum alles letzte Woche letzter Monat letztes Jahr seit 2005 vor 2005 vor 2000 vor 1995 vor 1990 vor 1980 vor 1970 vor 1960 Überschrift und Vorspann Volltext Autor Nachrichten >Netzwelt >Netzpolitik >EU-Kommission > ePrivacy: Verlage kritisieren in einem offenen Brief Pläne der EU Offener Brief Verlage kritisieren ePrivacy-Pläne der EU Die EU-Kommission will ein neues Zustimmungsverfahren für Cookies einführen. In einem offenen Brief wenden sich viele europäische Verlage, auch DER SPIEGEL und SPIEGEL ONLINE, gegen den Entwurf. DPA Gebäude der EU-Kommission in Brüssel Dienstag, 30.05.2017   14:03 Uhr Drucken Nutzungsrechte Feedback Kommentieren Mit ihrer geplanten Neufassung der sogenannten ePrivacy-Richtlinie will die EU-Kommission es Nutzern leichter machen, mit Cookies umzugehen. Viele europäische Verlage glauben aber, dass die Kommission mit ihrem Vorschlag über dieses Ziel hinausschießt. Die Unternehmen sehen ihre Geschäftsmodelle in Gefahr. Gleichzeitig begünstige der Plan die Konzepte von Internetkonzernen wie Google, Facebook, Apple und Microsoft. Derzeit muss jede Webseite ihre Nutzer darüber aufklären, wenn sie Cookies nutzt und dafür die Zustimmung des Nutzers einholen. Man kennt das von vielen Webseiten, auf denen man so lange einen entsprechenden Hinweis angezeigt bekommt, bis man ihn wegklickt oder eben zustimmt. Die kleinen Dateien sammeln Informationen über das Surfverhalten der Nutzer. Die EU-Kommission will das Zustimmungsverfahren nun ändern. Ihr Plan sieht vor, dass man künftig nur noch ein Mal dem Setzen von Cookies zustimmen soll, nämlich wenn man den Browser öffnet. Diese Zustimmung würde dann aber nur für die Betreiber der Webseiten gelten, Cookies von Drittanbietern würden blockiert. Betroffen davon wären auch die Cookies, die Betreiber von Werbenetzwerken setzen. Diese Praxis wäre aus Sicht der Verlage problematisch. Sie verdienen unter anderem damit Geld, ihren Lesern personalisierte Inhalte und Werbung auszuspielen. Dafür braucht man auch Cookies von Drittanbietern. Zudem werden Cookies von den Verlagen verwendet, um Werbetreibenden gegenüber nachweisen zu können, wie viele Leser man hat. Ohne solche Cookies könnte eine Nachrichtenseite wie SPIEGEL ONLINE dem Leser nicht kostenlos angeboten werden. Die Verlage fürchten nun, dass es mit der neuen Regelung "unglaublich schwierig wird, Leser davon zu überzeugen, ihre Browsereinstellungen so zu ändern, dass diese die Nutzung von Drittanbieter-Cookies zulassen", heißt es in dem offenen Brief. Auch DER SPIEGEL und SPIEGEL ONLINE haben ihn mit unterzeichnet. Im Ergebnis fürchtet man gegenüber den "dominierenden digitalen Plattformen" Nachteile beim Wettbewerb um Werbegelder, heißt es weiter. Diese würden "letztlich unsere Möglichkeiten untergraben, in Europa in hochklassigen Journalismus zu investieren." Im Folgenden geben wir den offenen Brief im Wortlaut wieder: Open letter to the European Parliament / Council Trust, privacy and news - the need to rethink ePrivacy proposals We support the objective of the Commission's draft "ePrivacy" regulation, which has the potential to clean up the digital economy, and to restore citizen trust in how their data is used online. Citizens are rightly concerned about the use of their personal data by third party companies of whom they have never heard, and have no idea about the role that they play in their digital lives online. News organisations depend on the trust of our readers, and we support a system of regulation that restores trust, and cleans up the digital environment. But news organisations also use data generated by readers to improve their products and services by offering readers journalism that is relevant to them, and serving display digital advertising that is relevant to readers. As a result of digital distribution, more digital citizens are accessing high quality news and quality information than ever before. But the increasing trend towards consumers accessing news content via third party gateways such as Google News, Facebook, Yahoo, Apple News, MSN (Microsoft) and Amazon Alexa is changing the way that European citizens consume news[1], making publishers ever more reliant on a small number of global platforms as a consequence. Through the current ePrivacy proposals, the Commission proposes that digital citizens must consent to non-strictly necessary tracking on a global basis when they connect to the Internet via a browser interface. Given that 90 per cent of usage across Europe is concentrated in the hands of just four companies: Google, Apple, Microsoft and Mozilla[2], this focus on obtaining user permission via the browser interface has the potential to exacerbate the asymmetry of power between individual publishers and these global digital gateways. The ePrivacy proposals contrast with the implication of the Commission's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - due to come into force in May 2018 - which aims to empower user privacy by forcing sites themselves to make sure that users understand and are empowered to control the gathering of data about their browsing behaviour in context of each site that they visit. By creating a single global permission within the browser interface, the Commission's ePrivacy proposals will make it more difficult to ensure transparency and meaningful user empowerment in practice, and remove any distinction between publishers who place a high value on the trust of their users, and those who do not. While the explanatory memorandum accompanying the ePrivacy proposals does not place an outright ban on publishers communicating with readers in order to seek consent for the use of 3rd party cookies, in practice, publishers are concerned that it will be incredibly difficult to persuade readers to change their browser settings to allow 3rd party cookies. As a consequence, individual news organisations would be unable to provide readers with personalised content and marketing, or serve relevant digital advertising within their environments. The practice of serving relevant advertising to readers is now an established norm in the advertising industry, and is essential to ensure that publishers can compete with Google and Facebook who already control 20% of total global advertising spend in 2017[3]. If as a result of these proposals, news publishers were unable to serve relevant advertising to our readers, this would reduce our ability to compete with the capabilities of dominant digital platforms for digital advertising revenues, ultimately undermining our ability to invest in high quality journalism across Europe. The current ePrivacy proposals will result in the data of European digital citizens being concentrated in the hands of a few global companies, as a result of which, digital citizens will become less protected. It will give those global companies: a tighter grip on the personal data of European digital citizens; further strengthen their dominance in the European digital economy, and; introduce further complexity for individual publishers, despite the European Commission acknowledging these issues are already covered by the regulation that will enter into force in 2018. By shifting consent to the collection of data from each individual news site that they visit, to providing a global consent via a small number of powerful gateways, the Commission's proposals threaten to prevent news organisations from delivering basic functionality such as the marketing of products and services, the tailoring of news products to the needs and desires of news consumers, and relevant and acceptable advertising. The impact on news organisations would be to reduce their ability to deliver high quality products and services, and undermine their ability to generate advertising revenues to reinvest in journalism. Therefore it is essential that in implementing the objectives of the "ePrivacy" proposals, the European Parliament / Council must work with the news industry to ensure that the directive provides flexibility of implementation to encourage a direct relationship between each internet user and the trusted news organisations that they visit, not further undermine it. [1] 1 The latest Reuters News Report - which surveyed citizens across the world - found that " half (51%) say they use social media as a source of news each week. More than a quarter of 18-24s say social media (28%) are their main source of news - more than television (24%) for the first time." As a result of these changes, the Reuters survey found that the "growth of news accessed and increasingly consumed via social networks, portals and mobile apps means that the originating news brand gets clearly noticed less than half the time in the UK, and Canada. In countries like Japan and South Korea, where aggregated and distributed news is already more widespread, the brand only gets noticed around a quarter of the time when accessed through news portals." [2] https://www.statista.com/statistics/269881/market-share-held-by-internet-browsers-in-europe/ [3] https://www.theguardian.com/media/2017/may/02/google-and-facebook-bring-in-one-fifth-of-global-ad-revenue mak Zur Startseite Diesen Artikel... Drucken Feedback Nutzungsrechte Mehr zum Thema EU-Kommission Internet Alle Themenseiten Forum Diskutieren Sie über diesen Artikel insgesamt 20 Beiträge Alle Kommentare öffnen Seite 1 OskarMaria 30.05.2017 1. Das Internet ist kein Wunschkonzert der Verlage Niemand zwing den Spiegel, sein Angebot kostenlos via Internet anzubieten. Jeder Verlag ist frei zu wählen, wie er sich dort präsentiert. Nämlich entweder kostenlose Angebote bereit zu stellen, seine Beiträge hinter einer [...] Niemand zwing den Spiegel, sein Angebot kostenlos via Internet anzubieten. Jeder Verlag ist frei zu wählen, wie er sich dort präsentiert. Nämlich entweder kostenlose Angebote bereit zu stellen, seine Beiträge hinter einer Bezahlschranke zu verbergen oder lediglich sein Verlagsangebot allgemein darzustellen. Die Interessen der Werbewirtschaft kollidieren mit den Bürgerrechten der Internetnutzer - nämlich frei darüber zu entscheiden, welche Daten über sich genutzt werden dürfen und welche nicht. Gerade das Tracking der Nutzer über viele Webseiten hinweg ermöglicht die Erstellung von Persönlichkeitsprofilen bis hin zur Identifizierung einzelner Personen. Persönlichkeitsrechte müssen über den Profitinteressen von Wirtschaftsunternehmen stehen. sok1950 30.05.2017 2. jeder 3Klassen-Absolvent sollte wissen, dass Cookies normal sind genau so wie Wasser nicht als Zutat in Nahrungsmitteln genannt wird aber jeder weiß, dass es Nahrungsmittel ohne Wasser einfach nicht gibt. Jeder der ins Internet geht kann vorab Cookies ausschalten, deren Gültigkeitsdauer [...] genau so wie Wasser nicht als Zutat in Nahrungsmitteln genannt wird aber jeder weiß, dass es Nahrungsmittel ohne Wasser einfach nicht gibt. Jeder der ins Internet geht kann vorab Cookies ausschalten, deren Gültigkeitsdauer begrenzen oder bei Bedarf von Hand löschen, da bedarf es weder ein Gesetz noch irgendwelche Vorschriften. Cookies dienen z.B. auch dazu, dass man bei einem Anbieter nach der Anmeldung verschiedene Seiten aufrufen kann, ohne sich ständig neu anmelden zu müssen. Das klingt wie beim Trabi-Kauf zu DDR-Zeiten: Da gab es Zeiten, da musste man die Räder als "Sonderausstattung" mitbestellen. Ich kannte mal einen, der bestand darauf, den Trabi ohne jede Sonderaustattung zu bekommen - und damit auch ohne Räder...Der brachte ganze Büros durcheinander. aprilfrisch 30.05.2017 3. Schluss mit den Cookies und der heimlichen Verfolgung Liebe Verlage, wir dummes Surfvolk können ja nichts dafür, dass Sie die technischen Entwicklungen im Internet und die sich wandelnden Geschäftsmodelle komplett verschlafen haben. Und nun klammern Sie sich schon wieder an [...] Liebe Verlage, wir dummes Surfvolk können ja nichts dafür, dass Sie die technischen Entwicklungen im Internet und die sich wandelnden Geschäftsmodelle komplett verschlafen haben. Und nun klammern Sie sich schon wieder an einen technischen Oldie? Mir kommen die Tränen! Wir wollen nicht von Ihnen und schon gar nicht von "Drittanbietern" ungefragt per default getrackt werden. Wenigstens nicht, ohne dass Sie komplett offenlegen, wer die Daten in die Hand bekommt und was damit passiert. Und das so, dass das auch jeder Internet-Dummie verstehen und frei darüber entscheiden kann. Und das, bevor Sie Daten erheben! Idem ius omnibus. aprilfrisch qoderrat 30.05.2017 4. Ein alter Artikel, der aber die Problematik der Drittanbieter-Cookies ganz gut darstellt: http://www.zeit.de/digital/datenschutz/2012-04/cookies-tracking-gegenwehr Im Prinzip wäre das alles kein Problem, wenn die [...] Ein alter Artikel, der aber die Problematik der Drittanbieter-Cookies ganz gut darstellt: http://www.zeit.de/digital/datenschutz/2012-04/cookies-tracking-gegenwehr Im Prinzip wäre das alles kein Problem, wenn die Werbewirtschaft nicht konsequent jede Möglichkeit zum Missbrauch nutzen würde. Daher muss man heute sagen, Blocken von Drittanbieter-Cookies und JavaScript-Code sind fast zwingende Massnahmen zur Selbstverteidigung geben die Werbeindustrie. Ich hoffe Online-Publikationen finden auch einen sauberen und kontrollierten Weg ihre Angebote zu monetarisieren, die im vorliegenden Artikel genannten sind aber keine die dauerhaft funktionieren werden. Sowie die Masse der Nutzer sich zur Sachlage informieren, wird diese Form der Werbung ganz sicher wegbrechen. angst+money 30.05.2017 5. gut gemeint... Aus reinem Eigennutz sehe ich das Gesetz negativ. Bislang fahre ich damit gut, dass ich persönlich alles blocke was möglich ist so dass die Seiten gerade noch funktionieren. In dem Wissen, dass es ohne die vielen Leute, deren [...] Aus reinem Eigennutz sehe ich das Gesetz negativ. Bislang fahre ich damit gut, dass ich persönlich alles blocke was möglich ist so dass die Seiten gerade noch funktionieren. In dem Wissen, dass es ohne die vielen Leute, deren Browser Cookies erstmal zulassen, weniger freie Inhalte gäbe. Das ist natürlich purer Egoismus, andererseits - wer keine Werbung will, kann sich ruhig etwas Mühe geben. Hält ja auch geistig rege und befriedigt den Jagdinstinkt. Vielen scheint es ja auch einfach egal zu sein, also was soll's. Und wenn man mir Schmarotzertum vorwirft: Ich reagiere eh nicht auf Anzeigen, bin aber trotzdem eine Bereicherung für den e-commerce. Ist also kein Schaden, höchstens für die Content-Anbieter - denen kann man dann ja Kompensation anbieten für Leser, die ohne Werbung trotzdem Sachen kaufen. Dafür würde ich sogar ein gaanz kleines tracking cookie freischalten... (den letzten halben Absatz bitte nicht 100% ernstnehmen) Alle Kommentare öffnen Seite 1 Ihr Kommentar zum Thema Anmelden | Registrieren Bitte melden Sie sich an, um zu kommentieren. Das SPON-Forum: So wollen wir debattieren Forumname Überschrift Beitrag © SPIEGEL ONLINE 2017 Alle Rechte vorbehalten Vervielfältigung nur mit Genehmigung der SPIEGELnet GmbH TOP Die Homepage wurde aktualisiert. Jetzt aufrufen. Hinweis nicht mehr anzeigen. Serviceangebote von SPIEGEL-ONLINE-Partnern AUTO Benzinpreis Bußgeldrechner Werkstattvergleich Kfz-Versicherung ENERGIE Gasanbietervergleich Stromanbietervergleich Energievergleiche JOB Gehaltscheck Brutto-Netto-Rechner Uni-Tools Jobsuche Online Englisch lernen FINANZEN Währungsrechner Immobilien-Börse Versicherungen FREIZEIT Eurojackpot Lottozahlen Sudoku Kenken Street Reise-Deals Bücher bestellen Hörbücher Arztsuche DSL-Vergleich Ferientermine Mediaplanet Themen SPIEGEL GRUPPE Abo -Shop -manager magazin -Harvard Business Manager -buchreport -Werbung -Jobs DER SPIEGEL Dein SPIEGEL SPIEGEL WISSEN SPIEGEL BIOGRAFIE SPIEGEL GESCHICHTE Edition Geschichte SPIEGEL SPEZIAL SPIEGEL CLASSIC UNI SPIEGEL LITERATUR SPIEGEL Twitter Facebook Google+ Impressum -Datenschutz -Nutzungsrechte -Kontakt -Hilfe
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Top Transactions: Restaurateurs sell Lake of the Isles home for $2.3M Fe Equus plans condos in northeast Minneapolis Shafer Contracting puts in low bid for $60M I-35 project Urban Organics grows into Schmidt site New library opens up possibilities on Minneapolis’ North Side Just Sold: Riverstone buys Lakeville mobile-home park Greco sells senior complex to Dougherty syndicate Hurdles remain despite tax breaks for soccer stadium MN Snapshot: Duluth warehouse sold for trampoline center Oppidan buys two senior buildings after legal tussle Finance & Commerce News Business & Economy Construction & Development Economic Development Finance & Banking Real Estate Regional Planning & Transit Nation & World In Brief Regular Features Building Blocks How To Just Sold MN Snapshot Point Person Sustainable Top Transactions Special Sections Health Care Top Women in Finance Progress Minnesota Top Projects Twin Cities Tenant Focus on Data Center Construction Focus on Commercial Real Estate Health Care Sector Transit-Oriented Development Investment Guide 2014 State of the Construction Industry Experts Forum How to Make Mixed-Income Housing Happen Cybersecurity Public Notices Public Notices Submit a Public Notice Events CRE Class 130 Year Anniversary Progress Minnesota Top Projects Top Women in Finance Advertising Advertise Digital Marketing Marketplace Reprints Subscribe Classifieds Sponsored Trackers Rochester on the Rise Tracker Hotel Development and Sales Tracker Apartment Development Tracker Apartment Sales Tracker Subscribe Manage Account News Business & Economy Construction & Development Economic Development Finance & Banking Real Estate Regional Planning & Transit Nation & World In Brief Regular Features Building Blocks How To Just Sold MN Snapshot Point Person Sustainable Top Transactions Special Sections Health Care Top Women in Finance Progress Minnesota Top Projects Twin Cities Tenant Focus on Data Center Construction Focus on Commercial Real Estate Health Care Sector Transit-Oriented Development Investment Guide 2014 State of the Construction Industry Experts Forum How to Make Mixed-Income Housing Happen Cybersecurity Public Notices Public Notices Submit a Public Notice Events CRE Class 130 Year Anniversary Progress Minnesota Top Projects Top Women in Finance Advertising Advertise Digital Marketing Marketplace Reprints Subscribe Classifieds Sponsored Trackers Rochester on the Rise Tracker Hotel Development and Sales Tracker Apartment Development Tracker Apartment Sales Tracker Home / Cybersecurity / Keeping your business safe on the cloud Keeping your business safe on the cloud By: BridgeTower Media Newswires May 30, 2017 7:00 am 0 Data storage in the cloud has become a mainstay for companies in all industries and of all sizes. Yet as more and more valuable data moves to the cloud, how can businesses stay one step ahead of the security risks? The 2017 State of the Cloud Report, published by the Santa Barbara, California-based cloud-computing provider RightScale, shows that 95 percent of businesses make use of the cloud in some form. There are a number of reasons why the cloud is an appealing place to store data. For one, a third-party provider has a broader perspective of cyber threats that can help protect your business, said Dan Shugrue, director of product marketing at Akamai Technologies, a Cambridge, Massachusetts-based cloud-service provider. “Let’s say you have an e-commerce site and prefer to touch your data yourself. You can be excellent at your job and notice when the latest threat comes in and take measures to block it,” Shugrue said. “But you can’t see who is threatening other companies in your industry, and you can’t put protections in place before they strike.” Then there’s the cost incentive. Consumer-grade cloud storage, such as Google Drive or a basic Dropbox account, comes free of charge. “I see a lot of small companies, especially in the Maryland, (Washington, D.C.) and Virginia area, using cloud storage because it keeps your overhead down real low,” said Mark McLarnon, chief technology officer of Baltimore’s CyberPoint International, a cybersecurity firm. “You’re pushed, you’re almost enticed to use things like (Microsoft) OneDrive. Even with the free versions, you get a lot of storage. But what’s overlooked is the risk of unauthorized access.” What are you storing? The consumer-grade (technology) tends to be free, but users are paying for it with a lack of privacy, said Donald Spicer, associate vice chancellor and chief information officer of the University System of Maryland. “If you have a consumer-grade Google account, there is no limitation about what Google is able to look at within your private account. None of that is true when an enterprise pays for a service. It’s all protected, and it’s quite a different service.” For that reason, upgrading to a paid cloud provider is ultimately worth the investment for many businesses, because you’re more likely to keep your data safe from competitors or other intruders, Spicer said. While there is still on-premise data storage on USM campuses, the system does rely heavily on the cloud. For example, USM has moved to software-as-a-service solutions for its human resources and financial functions, Spicer said. However, any USM data stored in the cloud is heavily secured by a number of different measures. For example, data has to be encrypted both in transit and at rest to prevent unauthorized access. USM also has a cybersecurity council with representation from all institutions in the system. Ultimately, especially for institutions with personal or confidential data to protect, it’s important to stay on top of which setting is safest. That’s the approach followed by Jefferson Health in Philadelphia. “Being in health care, we have to really look at the sensitivity and criticality of some of the data,” said Robert Dalrymple, director of IS&T security and enterprise information security officer for Jefferson Health and Thomas Jefferson University. “Some data and information, we may not want to have in the cloud, although we can have private and dedicated cloud situations. It’s probably going to be a hybrid final state here at Jefferson.” Where’s the data? For managers contemplating the cloud for the first time or wanting to upgrade from a free Dropbox account, what are some important questions to ask prospective providers? First of all, know where the data will be. “We have an obligation, if we have protected information, to know where it is stored,” McLarnon said. “The internet connects us in ways we don’t always grasp. We could be storing a file with a cloud-storage provider and it might be replicated in Oregon, Ireland or Eastern Europe.” McLarnon also recommended making sure your provider requires multifactor authentication to access your data. That means anyone looking for access has to provide multiple pieces of evidence to confirm their identity, such as typing in a password and identifying a security image. Another important question concerns micro-perimeters around the data, said Brian Vecci, technical evangelist at software company Varonis Systems in New York City. “Micro-perimeters are the equivalent of placing a wall directly around the data itself. … (They) restrict access on a need-to-know basis and monitor and alert on all usage for unusual behavior. The idea is that a cybercriminal can and will scale the walls of a castle, so let’s put the crown jewels in a locked safe within a locked room that is monitored 24/7.” Then there is air gapping. This is the practice of making sure that there is a physical barrier between unsecured public Wi-Fi networks and the place where your data is being stored. Today, cloud usage is already near-universal in the business world, and that trend shows no sign of reversing. “More data will move to and pass through the cloud as costs go down and functionality goes up,” Vecci said. “The companies that will be ahead of everyone else will be the ones that leverage unified data-security platforms for connecting cloud and on-premise systems into a single framework.” Share this: Print Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google 7:00 am Tue, May 30, 2017 Finance & Commerce BridgeTower Media Newswires Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Latest Posts Top Transactions: Restaurateurs sell Lake of the Isles home for $2.3M June 3, 2017 7:02 am Fe Equus plans condos in northeast Minneapolis June 2, 2017 3:50 pm Shafer Contracting puts in low bid for $60M I-35 project June 2, 2017 1:39 pm Urban Organics grows into Schmidt site June 2, 2017 1:32 pm New library opens up possibilities on Minneapolis’ North Side June 2, 2017 7:02 am Just Sold: Riverstone buys Lakeville mobile-home park June 2, 2017 7:02 am Greco sells senior complex to Dougherty syndicate June 1, 2017 4:32 pm Editors’ Picks Our best, right now. Fe Equus plans condos in northeast Minneapolis by Hank Long | Jun. 2 Urban Organics grows into Schmidt site by Clare Kennedy | Jun. 2 New library opens up possibilities on Minneapolis' North Side by Hank Long | Jun. 2 Just Sold: Riverstone buys Lakeville mobile-home park by Anne Bretts | Jun. 2 Greco sells senior complex to Dougherty syndicate by Clare Kennedy | Jun. 1 In Brief Most-read stories: Week of May 22 May 29, 2017 10:02 am Most-read stories: Week of May 15 May 22, 2017 10:02 am NTI to provide services for Thor project May 16, 2017 3:58 pm Comment period kicks off on Enbridge Line 3 pipeline review May 15, 2017 3:38 pm Most-read stories: Week of May 8 May 15, 2017 10:23 am Features Building Blocks: V2 Apartments May 19, 2017 7:09 am Sustainable: Green Building Council expanding focus May 2, 2017 7:02 am Building Blocks: 333 on the Park April 21, 2017 7:02 am Sustainable: Energy partnership targets public housing April 4, 2017 7:02 am Nation & World Investors bet climate withdrawal will boost U.S. drilling June 2, 2017 1:52 pm U.S. employers add modest 138K jobs; jobless rate dips to 4.3 percent June 2, 2017 1:28 pm Business therapy: When co-owners butt heads June 2, 2017 11:43 am Investors make funds cheaper than ever June 1, 2017 4:13 pm U.S. factories report faster growth in May June 1, 2017 2:43 pm Get the Morning Memo Subscribe to F&C's free email alert and receive business news updates every weekday. Email Address * Twitter Buzz My Tweets Most-Read Content New library opens up possibilities on Minneapolis' North Side Fe Equus plans condos in northeast Minneapolis How to negotiate an early exit from a lease Urban Organics grows into Schmidt site How to introduce profit sharing to a small company Cybersecurity Special Section Finance & Commerce announces Top Projects of 2016 Experts Forum: How to Make Mixed-Income Housing Happen Golf Special Section Digital Edition The Digital Edition of Finance & Commerce is available to both print and online subscribers. Current edition Recent Comments Jeremiah: If you look at the average rental rates in cities like Seatt... Zach Pasdoe: If you look at what has been built or what is currently unde... Eddie Rogers: I will believe it when I see it.... My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Top Transactions: Restaurateurs sell Lake of the Isles home for $2.3M June 3, 2017 Digital Edition Fe Equus plans condos in northeast Minneapolis Investors bet climate withdrawal will boost U.S. drilling Shafer Contracting puts in low bid for $60M I-35 project Finance and Commerce ABOUT CONTACT US ADVERTISE REPRINTS FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Copyright © 2017 Finance and Commerce | Suite 2300, Campbell Mithun Tower, 222 South Ninth Street, Minneapolis, MN 55402 | (612) 333-4244
clock menu more-arrow Circuit Breaker Huawei Watch 2 review: a fitness focus that falls flat Huawei’s latest smartwatch is a departure from the fashion-forward original by Brent Rose May 30, 2017, 8:00am EDT share tweet Linkedin The original Huawei Watch was one of my surprise favorites. It didn’t have an overabundance of features, but it ran Android Wear nicely and it looked good doing it. With the new $299.99 Huawei Watch 2, the company pivoted hard. It put an emphasis on function over form in an attempt to make it more of a fitness device rather than a casual fashion piece. That’s exactly what a number of other companies such as Apple, Samsung, and LG have done with their recent smartwatch attempts, but in the case of the Huawei, the result is a mixed bag. To test the watch, I linked it with my primary Google accounts and wore it constantly, except when charging it or swimming. I wore it while hiking, running, playing basketball, and doing a couple of at-home workouts. I used it as a second screen for my phone, as an activity tracker, and even for tracking my sleep (via a third-party app) — you know, the stuff that smartwatches are typically used for. But before we get into how it did, let’s talk about what’s new in this model. The big new feature is that the watch now has its own GPS radio. This means you can leave your phone at home, then go for a run or ride and all your important, brag-worthy stats will be recorded. It also has a built-in optical heart rate monitor that tracks your ticker 24/7; it should deliver a good look at your resting heart rate over time, which is an important metric for your overall fitness. It’s one of the few Android Wear watches that has a built-in speaker, which you can use for notifications and alarms, as well as playing music directly from the watch. You should, theoretically, be able to make phone calls through it, but the app crashed on me every time I tried it. The global version of the watch has LTE as an option, but unfortunately that model hasn’t yet made it to the US. To accommodate these additional components, the body of the Huawei Watch 2 is 1.3mm thicker than the original (12.6mm vs. 11.3mm). That doesn’t seem like a lot on paper, but on a watch, you notice every tenth of a millimeter. One of the things the original had going for it was that it was fairly unobtrusive. It laid more or less flat against your wrist, and it wasn’t overly prone to catching on your cuff. The Watch 2 juts out more and makes it feel closer to the chunky GPS watches you associate with trekking — but at least those are typically waterproof to 50+ meters. The Watch 2 tops out at IP68, which means it’s water resistant up to a meter for up to 30 minutes. In other words: you can shower with it, but swimming is out. The Huawei Watch 2 is noticeably thicker than the original, but with a smaller screen The body of the watch is now plastic instead of metal, which gives it a decidedly cheaper look and feel. The biggest loss, however, is that the screen has decreased from 1.4 inches to 1.2 inches. At first I thought Huawei did this to reduce the overall size of the device, but despite the smaller screen the new version is larger than the original in every dimension. The Watch 2 has a thicker, more utilitarian-looking bezel encircling the screen (again, probably to make room for the additional sensors and such), so it’s possible that shrinking the screen was how it kept the watch from being even larger than it is. If so, it wasn’t worth it, as the display is very hard to read. Icons get jammed together and it’s extremely easy to over-scroll when swiping, or select the wrong item by mistake. For context, the Apple Watch has a 1.65-inch screen (square), and the larger Moto 360 has a 1.56-inch screen (round). Both are much easier to use. The Watch 2 also lacks a rotating bezel or crown, so all of your interaction happens on that tiny screen. The exceptions are the two buttons on the side: one is used to open apps and launch Assistant, and the other launches workout tracking. The Huawei Watch 2 runs Android Wear 2.0, which is a big improvement over earlier versions. It can run native, standalone apps and even download them directly from the Google Play Store on the watch. Watchfaces can display far more complex data fields, and the notifications are easier to interact with — or they would be if they weren’t so tiny on this diminutive screen. I actually encountered a surprising amount of bugginess: apps randomly freezing on a couple of occasions, and the watch generally being slow to respond to input. The screen times out all too quickly, which forces you to navigate all the way back to the thing you just had up (though this may be an Android Wear issue). While Google Assistant is built in, it seems that not all Google Assistants are created equal. I can ask my Pixel XL "What time do the Warriors play tonight?" and it’ll tell me they are playing the Spurs at 6PM tonight. When I ask the watch the exact same question, Assistant tells me, "Sorry, I couldn’t do that." Go figure. Also, Android Wear still won’t let Google Voice users initiate an SMS conversation from their own Google Voice phone number, which remains infuriating for me. Android Pay is another new addition with Wear 2.0 and it works smoothly. Once you have your credit cards loaded into the watch (you’ll need your phone for that, too), you can use the watch to pay for goods pretty much anywhere NFC payments are available. You must have a lock screen enabled on your watch, but once it’s unlocked, you just open the pay app, select the card you want to use, and tap your watch’s screen to the point-of-sale machine’s NFC reader. This could come in handy if you’re running without your phone and you find yourself in desperate need of a drink or a taxi back home. Huawei did build some of its own apps to take advantage of the Watch 2’s new hardware features. Simply press the physical button on the bottom right of the watch and you can track running, walking, outdoor cycling, treadmill, indoor cycling, and "other," which you can use for general workouts. There are also modes for cardio and "fat-burning," which will help you stay within a predetermined heart rate zone while running. If you also use the phone-based Huawei Health app, it can help you train for a 5K, 10K, half marathon, or full marathon based on your current fitness level and your goals. Huawei Health can also integrate with Google Fit, MyFitnessPal, and (strangely) UP by Jawbone so your stats won’t languish in a silo, alone forever. The workout app is really pretty decent. It has an embedded Google Map which you can use to see your location (though only if you have preloaded the map or have your phone with you), and it can display your running cadence (i.e., steps per minute), which is an important metric and a pretty rare one for a watch to display. Unfortunately, this is somewhat neutered by the small screen. Cadence is displayed on a page with five other data fields. When crammed into a 1.2-inch screen, those data fields are entirely illegible while running. If I wanted to see my cadence I had to stop and look, and then I only had a few seconds to see it, because it changes when your feet stop moving. This could easily be solved by separating some of these data fields onto other pages, so a larger font could be used. Of course, you can just as easily install Runkeeper, Strava, Runtastic, and other favorite mobile fitness apps, but even then the tiny screen is prone to cutting off text at the corners. Heart rate monitoring was surprisingly accurate Wrist-based optical heart rate monitors are notorious for having accuracy problems, which is why I was surprised to discover the quality of this one. I did a workout with the Huawei Watch 2 on my left rest, and on my right I used the Garmin Fenix 5X paired with a very trustworthy chest strap HRM. I found that the Huawei tended to be 5–10 seconds behind the Garmin when it came to displaying changes in my heart rate, but once it caught up it was almost always within five beats per minute, and more often it stayed within two. That’s really quite good! The lag was definitely annoying, but in the context of a long workout I wouldn’t call it a deal-breaker. One of the things the watch does best is function as an activity tracker (a la Fitbit and co). When you open the built-in Daily Tracking app, you’re greeted with a ton of data that’s laid out very nicely. It tells you how many steps you’ve taken, how many feet of elevation you’ve gained, how many times you’ve stood up, how long you’ve spent standing, how much time you’ve spent in different heart rate zones, how many calories you’ve burned, and even your resting heart rate for the day (and a graph for viewing all the spikes and valleys over the last six hours). Many of these data fields can be integrated into your favorite watchface, too. It will also advise you to get up and move if you’ve been inactive for more than an hour, and it will even show you some stretches you can do. Unreliable battery life is frustrating Unfortunately, battery life is extremely variable and unreliable. The Watch 2 has a 420mAh cell in it (up from 300mAh on the previous model), and there were times when I used the watch to track a couple of activities with GPS and it still made it nearly two full days. The next day, I used the watch very lightly and it drained to 12 percent after 24 hours. The day after that, it was down to 12 percent after just 18 hours. There doesn’t seem to be much rhyme or reason to it. You can use it in a low-power mode — which Huawei claims will get you 21 days of battery life — but the only thing it can do in that mode is tell you the time of day and how many steps you’ve taken. This kinda defeats the point of wearing a bulky smartwatch. Maybe "bulky" isn’t fair, at least not when compared to behemoths like the LG Watch Sport, which at 45.4 x 51.2 x 14.2mm is handily wider and thicker than the Huawei Watch 2 (48.9 x 45 x 12.6mm), but it’s not exactly svelte, either. It seems that Huawei was hoping to sway some daintier-wristed individuals with this iteration, but I don’t think they’ve quite cracked the code here. I think it looks fine on me, personally, but my wrists are on the larger side of the spectrum. On thinner wrists, it protrudes a bit awkwardly, and I can’t see it bringing many fashionistas into the fold. Overall, I found that the Huawei Watch 2 was one of my more frustrating Android Wear experiences. Trying to read the tiny screen while exercising made me want to chew off my own hand. (It was even worse when I was wearing polarized sunglasses.) I actually found the watch to be pretty comfortable, and it was surprisingly accurate for the things it could track. That said, for a watch this big and sporty-looking, I want it to be, well, sportier. I want it to be waterproof and capable of tracking my swimming or kayaking. And if it’s trying to be a smartwatch, then it simply needs to work better —without glitches or precipitous dives in battery life. Ultimately, it feels like Huawei was trying to make a watch that could be right for everybody, and it ended up with a watch that isn’t really right for anybody. Photography by Brent Rose for The Verge Brent Rose is a freelance writer, actor, and filmmaker, currently traveling the US living in a high-tech van, looking for stories to tell. Follow his adventures on Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, and at ConnectedStates.com. 5.0 Verge Score Huawei Watch 2 Good Stuff: Very accurate heart rate monitor that works 24/7 Built-in GPS means you can run without your phone It’s not as bulky as sportier watches like the LG Watch Sport or the Garmin Fenix 5X Watch’s speaker produces surprisingly good audio quality Bad Stuff: The screen is so small it makes text very hard to read, especially while moving Battery struggles to last 24 hours Not particularly attractive Plagued with lag, crashes, and random bugs Apps ⌘ + K, the Slack keyboard shortcut that saved my life Apps Five essential apps to track your spending, save money, and pay your friends Google Don’t buy the Chromebook Pro until Google fixes a critical bug View all stories in Reviews Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > Android creator Andy Rubin outs edge-to-edge Essential phone that's also modular Saurabh Singh   |   @singh_saurabh10 Last Updated: MAY 30, 2017 New Delhi Email Author Google may have given up on the idea of a future in which "one smartphone fits them all" concept would mean the end of having to buy a new phone every year, but Android creator Andy Rubin still hasn't lost all hope. So it seems. Just over two years after leaving Google, Andy Rubin has launched a new Android-based smartphone, called simply the Essential, with top-tier looks and top-tier specs. And it supports secondary modules via a magnetic connector on the back so you don't have "to buy new dongles, chargers, and accessories every time your phone is upgraded." Rubin's $699 Essential phone -- which is exclusive to the US for now -- boasts of very durable titanium and ceramic body (with Corning Gorilla Glass 5 on the front), and a 5.7-inch edge-to-edge screen with an unusual 19:10 aspect ratio instead of the regular 16:9. The phone, like Xiaomi's Mi Mix, doesn't have a distinct forehead and only the chin. The selfie camera - an 8-megapixel sensor capable of recording 4K videos - rests at the top though, unlike in the Mi Mix where it is tucked away at the bottom. Speaking of specs, the Essential phone has a 2K screen, a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor clubbed with 4 gigs of RAM and 128GB of memory (non-expandable) under the hood and a 3,040mAh battery with fast charging. It comes with a dual camera system -- 13MP+13MP -- wherein one of the sensors is RGB and the other monochrome. The dual system - according to Rubin's company (also called Essential) -- can take in more light and hence aid in better low light photos.   Erstwhile, the Essential phone supports Bluetooth 5.0 and USB Type-C for charging and data syncing. There is no 3.5mm audio jack on-board however. Although Rubin's Essential phone is modular like Lenovo's Moto Z, his company - for now - has just the one module that is compatible with it. The module - a 360 degree camera - can snap on to its back much like how Moto Mods snap on to the Moto Z. Essential's 360 degree camera - consisting of two 12MP fisheye lenses - will cost buyers $199, although there's an option to buy it along with the phone as well. The phone plus the camera module will be available for $749 for a limited period. Also Read: Android creator Andy Rubin is building his own phone on lines of Google Ara For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster Mark Zuckerberg gets his Harvard degree 12 years after dropping out: 10 quotes from his speech Judy malware infects millions of Android phones: What is it and does it affect you? Exclusive: Moto C to launch in India in June, to take on Redmi 4A Recommended Reviews Tecno i7 review: A decent smartphone that lacks polish Asus ZenFone Live (ZB501KL) review: Live and let live iPad 2017 review: Going back to the iPad's roots Smartron srt.phone review: Sachin Tendulkar's phone is off to a good start, almost Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster VIDEOS Inside a phone factory: How smartphones are made Xiaomi Mi Note 3: dual camera and other expected features Nokia 3310 (2017): Unboxing the India variant more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Shobhit VarmaDo not buy Nokia 3310 for nostalgia, buy it for peace of mind Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Home NEWS Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events ABOUT US ADVERTISING CONTACT US Home NEWS Carrie Ann , June 3, 2017 Waymo’s Self-Driving Truck Already in the Testing Stage Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Ohio Opioid Lawsuit Accuses Pharma Companies for Drug Overdose Deaths Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Christy Gren , May 31, 2017 Former Microsoft CEO, Steve Ballmer Talks About Investment in Twitter Christy Gren , May 26, 2017 Samsung Will Set up a 500 Billion Fund to Support Small Businesses Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Christy Gren , June 2, 2017 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Carrie Ann , April 6, 2017 Humor at Work: The road less traveled by which leads to Success Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Christy Gren , May 29, 2017 India is the Fastest Growing Economy in the World As Per Q1 Poll Results Christy Gren , May 8, 2017 Liquid Rich and Monetarily Poor Venezuela Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events Waymo’s Self-Driving Truck Already in the Testing Stage Ohio Opioid Lawsuit Accuses Pharma Companies for Drug Overdose Deaths Hyundai Electric Bus that Recharges Within an Hour to be Out by 2018 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Audible Sets up $5 Million Fund to Encourage Emerging Playwrights Subaru XV to Shield you from Dangerous Impact Home Featured Google AI Venture to Invest in Budding Tech Startups Google AI Venture to Invest in Budding Tech Startups Google AI Venture to Invest in Budding Tech Startups Featured NEWS Technology SHARE Carrie Ann , May 30, 2017 / 246 0 With the rapid growth of artificial intelligence in various sectors of technology, major companies have set aside a particular budget to spend on the development of the same. Especially in the tech world, it is extremely important to keep up with the times. Nobody needs outdated technology and therefore such a company would lose its business. Even one of the pioneers in the tech world, Google is taking significant steps for the same. Recently there was a report that the tech giant is planning to launch the Google AI venture for the same. For this, it will first establish a separate body to take care of the investments. This new venture by Google will majorly focus on investing in artificial intelligence startups. This clearly signifies that Google is working on developing its AI sector even further in order to retain its position amidst the fast-growing competition. The news was reported on Axios, but Google has declined to say anything about the same. This Google AI venture will be independent of the parent company Alphabet Inc. This means that the funds between these two organizations will also be separate. The move doesn’t come as a surprise as Google CEO Sundar Pichai has been stressing on giving artificial intelligence priority for the past one year. The Google AI venture will include a rotating cast of engineers instead of the investors participating in this project. Which startups will be a part of the Google AI venture Google will not finance any random startups under this organization. It will first test the eligibility of startups by their efficiency and then decide the allotment of the fund. Only those startups which seem promising will receive funds under this Google AI venture. The amount of this fund might vary from $1 million to $10 million depending on the expertise of the startup. The leader of this initiative will be Anna Paterson who is the VP of the engineering department. The Google AI venture will include a rotating cast of engineers instead of the investors participating in this project. Artificial intelligence is crucial for Google because it is useful in a majority of its sectors. Without adequate expertise in AI, the service quality of Google might incur a massive loss. Keeping such factors in mind, this step has been taken. Currently, Google is interested in making investments in startups such as Diffbot, Imagen, Anodot etc. Out of these and many others, we will know the shortlisted startups only after the company issues an official statement about the same. Author Carrie Ann Carrie Ann is Editor-in-Chief at Industry Leaders Magazine, based in Las Vegas. Carrie covers technology, trends, marketing, brands, productivity, and leadership. When she isn’t writing she prefers reading. She loves reading books and articles on business, economics, corporate law, luxury products, artificial intelligence, and latest technology. She’s keen on political discussions and shares an undying passion for gadgets. Follow Carrie Ann on Twitter, Facebook & Google. Tags: Artificial Intelligence, artificial intelligence startups, Google AI venture Next Article Zoom Past the Everyday Traffic in an Eco-friendly Way with the New BMW Motorrad Previous Article Honda Civic Si Ups the Game of a Regular Sedan Similar Articles Carrie Ann, November 12, 2014 McAfee Announces Its Annual “12 Scams Of The Holidays” List To Warn Consumers Of Cybersecurity Threats This Holiday Season Carrie Ann, December 31, 2016 Moroccan Oil Refinery Receives $3 Billion from an Anonymous Businessman Christy Gren, March 17, 2017 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 Convertible is Equipped with a Suite of Performance Technologies Related Posts Facebook director Peter Thiel sells off most of his shares as lock-up ends Bring it up. Toronto welcomes business. 5 Must Have Travel Apps for Business Travelers Volkswagen Sedric Lines Up for the Future Forward Driverless Technology Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. CAPTCHA Code* 2017 CURRENT ISSUE Highlights Big Ticket Luxury Comes at a Price ‘Most Expensive Yachts’ Crowdfunded, Inc Tesla Heading To Make U.S. Car Industry No. 1 Again Imminent Trends Solar Industry to Enter a New Phase By 2020 Table of contents » Subscribe Now Already A Subscriber? Log In Past Issues (click cover to view the magazine) VIEW ALL PAST ISSUES » Get Connected 5,253 Followers 16,227 Followers 1,243 Followers RSS Feeds Most Popular Article Chan Zuckerberg Initiative raises $3 Billion for a disease-free future What will the looming U.S Government shut-down mean in real-terms? The Economics of Sony PlayStation Network & Qriocity Identity-Hacks Timothy Geithner: Raise U.S Debt Ceiling or Risk Default The Stop Online Piracy Act: What Industry Leaders Can Do About It Sign up for Daily post updates About Industry Leaders Magazine Widely seen as a CEO's Magazine, Industry Leaders is widely read by corporate executives and professionals from a wide spectrum of industries and business functions. The brand has a huge and loyal patronage amongst readers for its sharp... Read More Get Connected 5,253 Followers 16,227 Followers 1,243 Followers RSS Feeds Recent Posts Waymo’s Self-Driving Truck Already in the Testing Stage Carrie Ann , June 3, 2017 Ohio Opioid Lawsuit Accuses Pharma Companies for Drug Overdose Deaths Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Hyundai Electric Bus that Recharges Within an Hour to be Out by 2018 Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Christy Gren , June 2, 2017 Other Navigation ABOUT US EVENTS ADVERTISING CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS & CONDITIONS SITEMAP CAREERS Leadership Story Of The Month leadership-story-of-the-month The Great Traits of Feminine Leadership! © Copyright 2016. All Rights Reserved. Industry Leaders Current Issue Highlights Big Ticket Luxury Comes at a Price ‘Most Expensive Yachts’ Crowdfunded, Inc Tesla Heading To Make U.S. Car Industry No. 1 Again Imminent Trends Solar Industry to Enter a New Phase By 2020 Table of contents » Subscribe Now × Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments PASSWORD RESET EMAIL Back to Login? Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments LOGIN EMAIL PASSWORD CAPTCHA Code Forgot Password?
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google DeepMind is shifting its focus from board games to scientific breakthroughs Sam Shead May 30, 2017, 7:28 AM 5,478 facebook linkedin twitter email print DeepMind cofounder and CEO Demis Hassabis.Google DeepMind DeepMind — an artificial intelligence (AI) lab acquired by Google for £400 million in January 2014 — is growing up. The research company announced over the weekend that one of its most celebrated research teams will stop focusing on board games and instead start putting their efforts into developing general algorithms that scientists can use to help solve real world problems. These include: finding new cures for diseases dramatically reducing energy consumption or inventing revolutionary new materials Alphabet has given DeepMind the freedom to pursue its research without having to focus on revenues but these new algorithms have the potential to provide Google's parent company with new revenue sources. DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis and lead AlphaGo programmer David Silver wrote in a coauthored blog post: "If AI systems prove they are able to unearth significant new knowledge and strategies in these domains too, the breakthroughs could be truly remarkable. We can't wait to see what comes next." The AlphaGo team is home to some of DeepMind's most impressive computer scientists and several of them have worked on papers that have made the front cover of Nature, an academic journal held in high regard by scientists worldwide. DeepMind already has teams working on healthcare and energy so it's likely that the AlphaGo researchers will simply start working more closely with the existing units. The AlphaGo AI became famous last year after beating world champion Lee Sedol 4-1 in a five game match. AlphaGo beat its second world champion in China last week at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen, thrashing Ke Jie 3-0. Chinese Go player Ke Jie puts a stone against Google's artificial intelligence program AlphaGo during their first match at the Future of Go Summit in WuzhenThomson Reuters "This week's series of thrilling games with the world's best players, in the country where Go originated, has been the highest possible pinnacle for AlphaGo as a competitive program," wrote Hassabis and Silver. "For that reason, the Future of Go Summit is our final match event with AlphaGo." DeepMind plans to publish publish a final academic paper later this year that will detail the improvements it made to the algorithms' efficiency and potential to be generalised across a broader set of problems. Hassabis and Silver added: "We have been humbled by the Go community's reaction to AlphaGo, and the way professional and amateur players have embraced its insights about this ancient game. We plan to bring that same excitement and insight to a range of new fields, and try to address some of the most important and urgent scientific challenges of our time. We hope that the story of AlphaGo is just the beginning." NOW WATCH: Everything we know about the next iPhone — including a completely new look Loading video... More: Google DeepMind DeepMind facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google DeepMind is shifting its focus from board games to scientific breakthroughs Google DeepMind is shifting its focus from board games to scientific breakthroughs DeepMind — an artificial intelligence (AI)... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss River Ridge home on oversized lot tops weekly sales after 4 days on the market Louisiana’s traffic cameras should be marked, lawmakers say Report: Disney has slight visitor declines at parks Jobs data could signal shortage of qualified workers to hire Immediate special session? House leaders think it’s unlikely $3.7B Louisiana school financing formula gets House support Hurdles added to prevent ‘doctor shopping’ for opioid drugs US employers add modest 138K jobs; rate dips to 4.3 percent Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year Mississippi River mayors: Paris pullout hurts US ag exports Governor names former lawmaker to Louisiana utility agency New Orleans CityBusiness The Business Newspaper of Metropolitan New Orleans News FEATURES Commission Accomplished Dining Out Q&A Renovation Report Startup CloseUp These Walls Office Space What’s On Your Phone Money Construction and Real Estate Government and Politics Energy Health Care Law Ports and Transportation Retail and Hospitality Technology Guest Perspective Events Leadership in Law Nomination Form Health Care Heroes Nomination Form Money Makers Nomination Form Women of the Year Nomination Form Best Places to Work Nomination Form Reprints Around Town People this Week Calendar Ones to Watch FYI Special Sections Top Construction Projects Health Care Annual Education Guide Real Estate Trends Path to Excellence Book of Lists E-mail Updates Classifieds Directory Advertising Subscribe Manage Account News FEATURES Commission Accomplished Dining Out Q&A Renovation Report Startup CloseUp These Walls Office Space What’s On Your Phone Money Construction and Real Estate Government and Politics Energy Health Care Law Ports and Transportation Retail and Hospitality Technology Guest Perspective Events Leadership in Law Nomination Form Health Care Heroes Nomination Form Money Makers Nomination Form Women of the Year Nomination Form Best Places to Work Nomination Form Reprints Around Town People this Week Calendar Ones to Watch FYI Special Sections Top Construction Projects Health Care Annual Education Guide Real Estate Trends Path to Excellence Book of Lists E-mail Updates Classifieds Directory Advertising Home / News / Google rolling out arsenal of services, gadgets Google rolling out arsenal of services, gadgets By: The Associated Press May 17, 2017 1 Comment Google provided a look at its latest digital offerings, with a heavy focus on its efforts to extend artificial intelligence features into more of its apps and services. CEO Sundar Pichai unveiled Google Lens, a set of vision-based computing capabilities that can understand what you are looking at. It will first be available as part of Google’s voice-controlled digital assistant — which bears the straightforward name “Google Assistant” — and Photos app. In the real world, that means you could, for instance, point your phone camera at a restaurant and get reviews for it. Pinterest has a similar tool. Also called Lens, it lets people point their cameras at real-world items and find out where to buy them, or find similar things online. Another tool in Google Photos will prompt you to share photos you take with people you know. For instance, Photos will notice when you take a shot of a friend and nudge you to send it to her, so you don’t forget. Google will also let you share whole photo libraries with others. Facebook has its own version of this feature in its Moments app. One potentially unsettling new feature in Photos will let you automatically share some or all of your photos with other people. Google claims the feature will be smart enough so that you could auto-share only specific photos — say, of your kids — to your partner or a friend. The company is also giving the crowd a look at new twists in its Android software for mobile devices, which powers more than 80 percent of the world’s smartphones. The next version of Android, available to the mass market later this year, aims to gauge and control how much battery life your apps are using. A feature called Google Play Protect, meanwhile, will scan all your apps for malicious software. As part of a years-old tradition, Google will name the next Android version after a dessert or sweet-tasting snack beginning with the letter “O.” (The current version of Android is the N version, Nougat.) It often takes years for a new version of the software to make it to older phones, and never arrives at all for some. Rival Apple plans to provide unveil changes to the operating system for its popular iPhone next month. Many of Google’s products are also vying against similar offerings from other tech conglomerates like Amazon and Microsoft. Google is also planning a slimmed down version of Android for low-end phones, primarily used in the developing world. Called Android Go, this software will automatically enable data-saving features and will steer users toward apps designed specifically for inexpensive hardware. Phones with less than one gigabyte of memory will automatically get Android Go. The overview came Wednesday during Google’s annual conference for thousands of computer programmers. Wednesday’s keynote took place at an outdoor theater near the company’s Mountain View, California, headquarters. To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Google 3:07 pm Wed, May 17, 2017 New Orleans CityBusiness The Associated Press Tagged with: Google One comment Brian Johnson May 29, 2017 at 9:50 pm I kind of like Google Lens because it can come in handy especially if you find long text on some places and you want to turn it into real text with your smartphone’s camera. But I think Android O doesn’t bring such huge improvements, especially when it comes to features. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Law Louisiana to get $586K from multistate settlement with Johnson & Johnson June 1, 2017 Louisiana may give domestic abuse protection to LGBT couples May 31, 2017 Uber fires autonomous car researcher involved in lawsuit May 30, 2017 Money US stocks back at record highs after better jobs data June 1, 2017 A pushback by investors over executive pay at Mylan May 31, 2017 Tech Talk Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year June 2, 2017 Tech Talk: Cold War over, Amazon video reportedly coming to Apple TV May 30, 2017 It’s primetime at Amazon.com … shares hit $1,000 May 30, 2017 Ports & Transportation Kenner approves ride-booking law June 2, 2017 Uber fires autonomous car researcher involved in lawsuit May 30, 2017 Uber, Lyft regulation bill shelved in Louisiana, deemed dead May 30, 2017 Drill Bits Governor names former lawmaker to Louisiana utility agency June 2, 2017 Investors press Exxon on disclosure of climate change impact May 31, 2017 Climate change among issues to be debated at Exxon meeting May 31, 2017 CityBusiness Email Alert Sign Up for New Orleans CityBusiness’ e-mail alerts. Bring the day’s business headlines directly to your desktop or mobile device free of charge. Digital Edition Get your copy of CityBusiness on Friday. Plan next week with an early look at local business news. For subscription information, please call (800) 451-9998 My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Louisiana’s traffic cameras should be marked, lawmakers say Report: Disney has slight visitor declines at parks Jobs data could signal shortage of qualified workers to hire Immediate special session? House leaders think it’s unlikely $3.7B Louisiana school financing formula gets House support New Orleans CityBusiness ADVERTISING CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS NEWSSTANDS Copyright © 2017 New Orleans Publishing Group | 3445 N. Causeway Blvd., Suite 901, Metairie, LA 70002 | Phone: (504)834-9292 E-mail: mail@nopg.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others India's online education industry to reach USD 1.96 billion by 2021: Google, KPMG India's online education industry to reach USD 1.96 billion by 2021: Google, KPMG Source : Last Updated: Tue, May 30, 2017 16:45 hrs [India], May 30 (ANI): Google and KPMG on Tuesday released a joint report titled; 'Online Education in India: 2021, which talks about the online education industry that will grow at a healthy rate of 8x, to become a USD 1.96 billion industry by 2021. The report is based on a comprehensive market research conducted by KPMG, along with a primary research and combined with insights from Google search. It finds that the paid user base will grow 6X from 1.6 million users in 2016 to 9.6 million users in 2021. However, it also reveals that over the last two years, there has been a 2x growth in online searches for education and a 3X growth in searches from a mobile device. Also, 44 percent of education searches are now coming from beyond the top six metros and there has been a 4X growth in education content consumption on YouTube in the last one year. Highlighting the segment wise growth in the online education space, the report highlights that reskilling and online certification is currently the largest. In 2016, it was valued at USD 93 million, and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 38 percent to reach 463 million by 2021. As per the report, the primary and secondary education category has the largest addressable audience with a student base of around 260 million when compared to the other categories. Owing to this, the primary and secondary supplementary education segment was the second largest category in 2016, and will grow at a CAGR of 60 percent to reach USD 773 million, making it the largest category in 2021. The test preparation which is a small segment as of today is likely to grow at an impressive CAGR of 64 per cent to become a USD 515 million category in 2021. "The online education segment is set to become a multi-billion dollar opportunity in India. There are many factors driving this growth including the perceived convenience, increased reach and personalisation offered by online channels. It is also interesting to note, that high growth in education search queries is now coming in from Tier II and III cities such as Patna, Guwahati, Aligarh and Kota - which points to the opportunities that growing penetration of smartphones and improving quality of internet have opened up," said Industry Director Google India, Nitin Bawankule. "There are several evolving trends in the Indian online education segment that are contributing to the growth opportunities ahead. These include emergence of hybrid learning channels, continuous need for working professionals to learn new skills as well as emergence of technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence that is enabling online education vendors to design customized content. At the same time, it will be critical for players to deliver differentiated offerings for consumers to see continued value in online education channels," said Partner KPMG India, Sreedhar Prasad. (ANI) SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Rahul Gandhi condemns Kerala's barbaric calf-slaughter! And the award goes to... We love you Manchester: Vigils held across UK after terror attack Terror strikes Ariana Grande concert in Manchester What GST could really mean! About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google is offering up to $10,000 to developers making Google Assistant actions Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 5:40pm PDTMay 29, 2017 24 Plus 1 on G+ 111 Share on Facebook 84 Share on Twitter Total Shares219 Google News Actions on Google is the name for third-party services on Google Assistant, which was opened up to developers back in December. There is no shortage of Actions available, but I have yet to find one that I would actually use more than once. Google wants developers to create compelling features for Assistant, so the company has started a competition with various monetary and physical rewards. There are quite a few prize categories, ranging from 'Best app by students' to 'Best life hack.' Google will chose three overall winners, with first place winning tickets to Google I/O 2018, $10,000, and a walk-through of Google's campus. Second place will win $7,500 and a Google Home, and third will get $5,000 plus a Google Home. Of course, this isn't a brand new contest - it was announced at Google I/O. To enter, developers will need to create an Action and submit it by August 31. The winner will be chosen sometime in Q4 2017. You can find more information at the source link below, and if you plan to enter, I wish you the best of luck. Source: Google Developers Via: Ian Lake (Google+) Tags Actions on Google competition Google google assistant prize subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] New unlocked dual SIM international Exynos Galaxy S8 (G950FD) and S8+ (G955FD) on ... ... Next Story YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear ... Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Dana Nice way to motivate developers into making assistant more useful👍 Indefinite Implosion I'm a glad at least one person is positive. Good day to you! 4Ui812 'Best life hack.' I hate that fucking term. Now I think I understand why Google has been producing buggy software lately. They're to busy trying to find the 'Best life hack.' PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Creating solutions for problems that don't exist is difficult. Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de91c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de91c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs381ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de91c:....,.... Teja You don't know that its a problem until you come across it. Problems do exist, we just have to figure out where they are. Ed. Blake AI can make old peoples life so much better if it can do more then show the news/wheater and actually comprehend a context and interact with the OS/apps. alexg No one cares about ML Zaman It is still a kind of proof of concept - G Assistant or Siri. Still pretty unreliable. Try to update your calendar with that voice control - miss or hit... Using keyboard is still the only option if you want to have the thing done quickly, especially with a help of an app like that one: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.a3w4u.addquickeventfree / https://itunes.apple.com/gb/app/add-quick-event-to-calendar-using-single-text-line/id1182758447?mt=8 Imparus Great spam marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/spam.gif Paul Smith "but I have yet to find one that I would actually use more than once" Ditto for Alexa skills. A huge buzzword, but essentially empty. I think Google Assistant has more legs than Alexa, simply because Google speech recognition and understanding is so much more advanced. LondonLeedsFan Regardless of what gets done, we probably won't get said features in the UK.. Still, at least we can ask it what the weather is. thezero4 The developers of Plex should get in on this. If Plex started working with assistant/home with integration to the chromecast it would be a shoe-in. Randroid I would LOVE to be able to say "Play (Movie or TV Show) in the living room" and have it play from Plex to my Chromecast. Even if I have to add the word "Plex" into that command, I'd still be OK with it. Like "Play (Movie or TV Show) from Plex..." Nick Coad Completely agree with you, great idea! Ed. Blake Yeah is kinda boring to have an AI only to show the news and wheater. A have an twitter account and an wheater homescreen widget for that. reggjoo Oh, good. Now there will be other ways to break my assistant. A month ago, update broke my "always on" voice feature, then my "from any screen" setting was gone. The only thing I got left is activating it from the home screen. What happened to velvet.apk? Watch out for upgrade time, if something's not right, as far as google sees it, they'll break you features, with no warning. adam seymour so if i made a action to make google fart they would pay me $10,000 what a age we live in AndTheWorldMayNeverKnow I hope they do something similar for Android Wear. I just invested in my first wear watch and I'm looking forward to seeing what the next year brings. vipregan Hey Google, play the music we want to listen to instead of a playlist! Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 115 queries | 0.416s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Contact Us About us Politics Featured Hungary marks Day of National Cohesion Jun 4, 2017 | Politics Featured Hungary express condolences after London terrorist attacks Jun 4, 2017 | Politics Recent Government office chief marks National Cohesion Dayby Daily News | Jun 4, 2017 | 0 Fidesz: Venice Commission recommendations on NGOs bill worth weighingby Daily News | Jun 4, 2017 | 0 Venice Commission: Hungary's NGO transparency bill has legitimate aims but is excessiveby Daily News | Jun 3, 2017 | 0 Business Featured A new Hungarian airline will take you to 22 cities Jun 3, 2017 | Business Featured Dynamic electronic scooter network in Budapest? Jun 3, 2017 | Business Recent Talks renewed on smaller gas pipeline along South Stream routeby Daily News | Jun 3, 2017 | 0 Hungary's house speaker holds talks in Chinaby Daily News | Jun 3, 2017 | 0 Orbán decorates Hungarian-born US brokerage CEOby Daily News | Jun 2, 2017 | 0 Society Featured Liberty Bridge is again the picnickers’ for four weekends Jun 4, 2017 | Society Featured Warning, absolute sweetness! BKK has hired a couple new announcers: kids Jun 4, 2017 | Society Recent Prosecutor presses sexual assault charge against Syrianby Daily News | Jun 2, 2017 | 0 Deregistration of jobseekers with health issues breach of legal certainty, says ombudsmanby Daily News | Jun 2, 2017 | 0 What Hungarians look for when buying propertyby Kinga Fegyó | Jun 1, 2017 | 0 Sport Featured EHF Champions League: Veszprém won bronze medal Jun 4, 2017 | Sport Featured Embankment promenade leading to the Duna Arena is finished in Budapest Jun 4, 2017 | Sport Recent Budapest Open: Swimming is finally on at the “Duna Arena” in Budapest!by Daily News | Jun 2, 2017 | 1 Ferencváros win record 23rd Hungarian Cupby Daily News | Jun 1, 2017 | 0 FINA satisfied with preparations for 2017 World Aquatics Championshipsby Daily News | May 30, 2017 | 0 Culture Featured A portrait of a Hungarian village - Photo exhibition in Kapolcs Jun 4, 2017 | Culture Featured Hundreds of thousands of Hungarian believers in Csíksomlyói búcsú - PHOTOS Jun 3, 2017 | Culture Recent The most popular jazz opera of Gershwin in Budapest againby Daily News | Jun 3, 2017 | 0 Israel, Jewish art in focus at Cafe Budapest Contemporary Arts Festivalby Daily News | Jun 3, 2017 | 0 Hungary to fund Csángó institutions in Romania with 2.1 million eurosby Daily News | Jun 2, 2017 | 0 Special Hungary Featured The ten most spectacular theatres of Hungary Jun 4, 2017 | Special Hungary Featured A split up nation – Hungary was divided 97 years ago in Trianon Jun 4, 2017 | Special Hungary Recent Recipe of the week: Fisherman’s soupby Alexandra Béni | Jun 3, 2017 | 0 The best breakfasts in Budapest for every day of the weekby Alexandra Béni | Jun 3, 2017 | 0 The 10 most beautiful parks in Hungaryby Alexandra Béni | Jun 2, 2017 | 0 Services in Budapest Accomodations Baths Embassies Hospitality Café Pubs Restaurants Culture and Museums Other services Education Dental clinic Select Page Autonomous cars driven by promising Hungarian brain – VIDEOS Posted by Kinga Fegyó | May 30, 2017 | Business | 1 Instead of experimenting on the roads, a Hungarian company makes the artificial intelligence of the autonomous cars practice with a simulator, while arming them with an outstanding software – reports hvg.hu. It is impossible to construct the world’s complete road network with every roadblock and accident getting into the database immediately. Yet, Google actually tries to accomplish something like this while experimenting with autonomous cars. Furthermore, not only this market leader American company, but actually all of the companies aim for this. Except for a Hungarian company, the AImotive, and the Israeli Mobileye that was bought up by the American Intel recently. They set out from the fact that a world map requires too many data, it is too expensive and very difficult to keep updated. Because what happens, for example, when the first autonomous car arrives at a temporary lane closure and, on the basis of the map, it thinks that it must not change to the oncoming lane? Of course maps will also be needed. “The difference is that Google says: I have a three-dimensional model of the whole world, but what I say is: the map is worth just as much as me driving without watching continuously the navigational device” – explains László Kishonti, founder and manager of AImotive. What makes their method different from the one that the cars of Google (and recently of its affiliated company Waymo) use is that, instead of expensive sensors, it relies on only a few cheap cameras and the mechanical brain does not simply practice on roads, but it is learning in a simulator, just like pilots are trained. And it definitely works. This method would be too expensive for human drivers’ training, but autonomous cars need only one – quite huge – simulator, as the knowledge gained this way can be passed on to all the other cars. All traffic situations can be typed into the simulator. While during those 2 million miles driven by Google only a few interesting things happened to the cars (those probably witnessed a dozen of minor accidents) – said Kishonti adding that testing every situation that may occur would require many billions of driving. And, of course, real emergencies must not be tested in traffic. The simulator is like a driving game – only they are not humans who are experimenting, but the machine that is made to learn. Just like artificial intelligence usually does, the mechanical driver also learns the way the human brain does – involving neural networks. It does not mean that concepts or rules would be typed into the system, but that, after experiencing many traffic situations, the machine will get to a point when it will “understand” the way of driving. Cars are dumb right now, they need to be developed further. They do not know many of the situations that may occur, therefore they cannot react properly yet. However, these cars are already able to cope with situations that seem to be difficult for humans. Kishonti gives the example of the six-lane roundabout without a single painted road mark around the Arc de Triomphe in Paris. It is said to be so chaotic that some insurers cast it out of the risks. This kind of herd instinct, the positioning reminding of a shoal of fish can already be handled by the software of AImotive. However, if people were also driving there in the same time, it would become confused; it would be unable to cope with what Kishonti experienced in Paris: scooter drivers tend to kick themselves away from the cars. If the car could sense these people, coming so close, it would be paralized. “The knowledge of the machine will not be as good as that of the outstanding pilots, but it will run with the reliability of the average driver, and most of the accidents can already be eliminated” – foretells Kishonti. If an accident occurs – and accidents will also happen with autonomous cars – the experience will be typed into the other vehicles. The software of the autonomous cars will be updated regularly the way Windows and other operating systems are provided with safety improvements. According to Kishonti, standards will be provided, which will be demanded by the authorities regulating them. As data security is problematic in the case of computers (signed by the appearance of the ransomware in the last weeks), it will mean a greater risk in the case of cars. However, problems can also appear without hostile attacks, since computers can freeze. It can also happen that the cameras or important sensors of the autonomous car get dirty, get damaged or do not give signs anymore. Kishonti predicts that, in addition to the big system, a smaller one will also be in service, which will only have one task: to make the car stop in suppliant mode as safely as possible. Videos and featured image: AImotive Ce: bm Source: hvg.hu TAGSbusinesscarsuccesstraffictransport Related Posts "Cars of the Future" conference - Hungary plans to build a test track for driverless cars Budapest, May 19 (MTI) - The government plans to build a test track for, primarily, driverless cars, in Zalaegerszeg, in western Hungary, Prime Minister Viktor Orbán announced on Thursday. Speaking… Hungary among 29 countries to sign declaration on autonomous vehicles in EU The countries are working together to ensure there are no obstacles to introducing #autonomous #vehicles in the European Union Hungary official discusses autonomous vehicle developments in Holland Budapest, December 8 (MTI) - Hungary is ready to cooperate with the Netherlands in several areas of autonomous vehicle developments, economy ministry state secretary István Lepsényi said after talks with… Hungary signs contract for autonomous vehicle test track Hungarian test track for testing #autonomous #vehicles Hungarian self-driving car toward world success AdasWorks received investment worth nearly HUF 700 million for a self-driving vehicle development which is 200 times cheaper than Google’s car, szeretlekmagyarorszag.hu wrote. The company got two and a half million… Currency exchange – Hungarian forint – 06.02.2017. Official forint fixing of the National Bank of Hungary: Australian dollar 220.52 Brazilian real 92.27 Bulgarian lev 158.07 Canadian dollar 221.09 Chinese yuan 41.92 Croatian kuna 41.46 Czech crown 11.44… A Hungarian rally driver crashed his car awfully – VIDEO Balázs Szalay, Hungarian rally racer participated in the National Cross Country Rally Championships when, in the second race, in Bábolna, an accident happened, writes 24.hu. Szalay and his co-pilot just crossed… Share: PreviousJobbik: Fidesz pockets profit from residency bond business and keeps terrorism threat NextSocialists to turn to Strasbourg court over speaker’s MP punishments 1 Comment Andrason 31/05/2017 at 9:31 am Tesla and Google have been using simulations for years. Leave a reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. COMMENT Name Email Website Top Stories Hungary marks Day of National Cohesion Jun 4, 2017 | Politics EHF Champions League: Veszprém won bronze medal Jun 4, 2017 | Sport The ten most spectacular theatres of Hungary Jun 4, 2017 | Special Hungary Liberty Bridge is again the picnickers’ for four weekends Jun 4, 2017 | Society Embankment promenade leading to the Duna Arena is finished in Budapest Jun 4, 2017 | Sport Recent Posts Hungary express condolences after London terrorist attacks Jun 4, 2017 | Politics Government office chief marks National Cohesion Day Jun 4, 2017 | Politics A portrait of a Hungarian village – Photo exhibition in Kapolcs Jun 4, 2017 | Culture Fidesz: Venice Commission recommendations on NGOs bill worth weighing Jun 4, 2017 | Politics Venice Commission: Hungary’s NGO transparency bill has legitimate aims but is excessive Jun 3, 2017 | Politics Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter. Follow Us Facebook Twitter Categories Business Culture Highlighted Politics Society Special Hungary Sport Uncategorized Recent Posts Hungary express condolences after London terrorist attacks Jun 4, 2017 | Politics Government office chief marks National Cohesion Day Jun 4, 2017 | Politics A portrait of a Hungarian village – Photo exhibition in Kapolcs Jun 4, 2017 | Culture Fidesz: Venice Commission recommendations on NGOs bill worth weighing Jun 4, 2017 | Politics Recent Comments Vanxay 04/06/2017 on Student job in Hungary: 2 euros per hour lENGYEL 04/06/2017 on A split up nation – Hungary was divided 97 years ago in Trianon Anonymous 04/06/2017 on A new Hungarian airline will take you to 22 cities fast proxy list 04/06/2017 on London is the sportiest city, Budapest took a great step forward © Daily News Hungary 2017 We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. Accept Pin It on Pinterest
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Asus Zenfone AR coming this summer (with Daydream & Tango features) 05/29/2017 at 10:45 AM by Brad Linder 1 Comment The first phone to support both Google’s Daydream virtual reality platform and Google’s Tango 3D mapping technology is coming this summer. Asus unveiled the Zenfone AR earlier this year, and the company is showing off an updated prototype at the Computex show in Taiwan this week… where officials told Engadget the phone is set to launch this summer. It should be available in Taiwan in mid-June before coming to the United States in late June or early July, where it will be available from Verizon. The phone features a Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor, a 5.7 inch, 2560 x 1440 pixel display, and up to 8GB of RAM (apparently there will also be a 6GB model). There’s a 23MP rear camera for snapping photos, but the phone also has additional cameras for depth and motion sensing, which are used by the Tango technology for creating digital representations of real-world items so that you can do things like measure distances or virtually redecorate your home by seeing what a new couch or wall color would look like. As one of the first Daydream-ready phones with Tango support, I’ll be curious to see if we see augmented reality apps designed to be used while wearing the phone in a headset. But I also kind of wonder if there’s even a market for that kind of feature now that Google has announced that standalone Daydream headsets with 6-degrees of freedom motion tracking are on the way. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 1 Comment on "Asus Zenfone AR coming this summer (with Daydream & Tango features)" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Member JP Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. This phone would be a no-brainier if I can get Verizon AND GSM at the same time for under $400. The Tango is a bit of a gimmick at this stage in it’s life, and I would be surprised if I used it more than a couple times. If AR gets the same attention as VR a year from now, then that will change. Other phones such as the Axon 7 might be a better deal. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 6 days 6 hours ago Latest News Latest Gigabyte Brix Gaming is a compact, VR-ready desktop PC Gigabyte's BRIX line of computers are tiny desktop PCs that often aren't much … [Read More...] MSI Cubi 3 is a fanless mini desktop PC with Intel Kaby Lake MSI is showing off the latest member of its Cubi line of tiny desktop … [Read More...] Compulab’s tiny UCM-iMX7 compute module bends over backward to stay small Compulab makes a line of tiny desktop computers that it sells under the … [Read More...] Popular articles MSI Cubi 3 is a fanless mini desktop PC with Intel Kaby Lake Latest Gigabyte Brix Gaming is a compact, VR-ready desktop PC Zotac PI225: A fanless desktop PC that's smaller than a 2.5 inch hard drive Deals Deals of the Day (6-02-2017) There was a time when Amazon's Echo devices were the only game in town when it … [Read More...] Featured articles Differences between Windows 10 S, Home, Pro, Enterprise, and Education This week Microsoft introduced a new version of Windows 10 which is designed for … [Read More...] This might be the best MP3 player you can get for $1.50 Need a cheap MP3 player? It doesn't get much cheaper than the Simplicity Fashion … [Read More...] What’s new in Android O? Google has released the first developer preview for Android O, the next major … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. The Father of Android Is Back, and He's Built the Anti-iPhone subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 7 hours Roboticists may have solved the problems drones run into while flying indoors—with marsupials wrd.cm/2suc0fJ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 4. Caption: Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 2 / of 4. Caption: Caption: Jason Keats, Essential's head of hardware architecture and noted prototyping enthusiast.Carlos Chavarria for WIRED Slide: 3 / of 4. Caption: Caption: Dave Evans, Essential's head of design, came from Playground Global to help make a new kind of gadget.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 4 / of 4. Caption: Caption: The Essential Phone has no branding, no logos, and no bezels. It's supposed to be all pixels.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: David Pierce. David Pierce Gear Date of Publication: 05.30.17. 05.30.17 Time of Publication: 6:47 am. 6:47 am The Father of Android Is Back, and He’s Built the Anti-iPhone Slide: 1 / of 8. Caption: Caption: Essential CEO Andy Rubin at the Playground Global offices in Palo Alto.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 2 / of 8. Caption: Caption: Rubin has a long history of making mobile devices, from the Sidekick to the G1 to the Droid.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 3 / of 8. Caption: Caption: The Essential team wanted to build products that felt more crafted than your average gadget, that felt more like furniture than technology.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 4 / of 8. Caption: Caption: Since Essential's not trying to sell phones to everyone on the planet, they went after a more refined, fashion-forward aesthetic.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 5 / of 8. Caption: Caption: Essential's offices, at the Playground headquarters, are full of cool gadgets and cooler furniture.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 6 / of 8. Caption: Caption: Andy Rubin's first love will always be robots. And so robots are everywhere at Essential.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Advertisement Slide: 7 / of 8. Caption: Caption: Rubin likes nice things. Nice cars, nice motorcycles. This is just one of his collection.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 8 / of 8. Caption: Caption: Rubin in his office with his dog (and semi-official Essential mascot), Cosmo. Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Related Galleries How to Watch Apple’s WWDC Keynote An IBM Breakthrough Ensures Silicon Will Keep Shrinking WWDC 2017 Liveblog: Siri, iPads, MacBooks and More A Race to Develop Pollution Sensing Tech Plays Out in Oakland Antitrust Watchdogs Eye Big Tech's Monopoly on Your Data Slide: 1 / of 8 Caption: Caption: Essential CEO Andy Rubin at the Playground Global offices in Palo Alto.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 2 / of 8 Caption: Caption: Rubin has a long history of making mobile devices, from the Sidekick to the G1 to the Droid.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 3 / of 8 Caption: Caption: The Essential team wanted to build products that felt more crafted than your average gadget, that felt more like furniture than technology.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 4 / of 8 Caption: Caption: Since Essential's not trying to sell phones to everyone on the planet, they went after a more refined, fashion-forward aesthetic.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 5 / of 8 Caption: Caption: Essential's offices, at the Playground headquarters, are full of cool gadgets and cooler furniture.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 6 / of 8 Caption: Caption: Andy Rubin's first love will always be robots. And so robots are everywhere at Essential.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 7 / of 8 Caption: Caption: Rubin likes nice things. Nice cars, nice motorcycles. This is just one of his collection.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Slide: 8 / of 8 Caption: Caption: Rubin in his office with his dog (and semi-official Essential mascot), Cosmo. Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Related Galleries How to Watch Apple’s WWDC Keynote An IBM Breakthrough Ensures Silicon Will Keep Shrinking WWDC 2017 Liveblog: Siri, iPads, MacBooks and More 8 Andy Rubin wasn’t ready to retire when he left Google in 2014. He certainly could have: After an illustrious career developing some of the most innovative products in tech, he had all the wealth and accolades anyone could want. As an engineer at the Apple spinoff General Magic, he built some of the world’s first internet-connected portable devices. As CEO at Danger, he created the Sidekick, a smartphone that defined the category before anyone had invented the term. And then, of course, Rubin created Android, the operating system found in more than two billion phones, televisions, cars, and watches. But Rubin wasn’t done. More to the point, he couldn’t be done. Ask around, and everyone says the same thing: Andy Rubin sees the future, and can’t sit around waiting for it to arrive. He’s spent the past few years watching Apple and Google and everyone else try to rule the world from walled gardens, and he considers that a dead end. Rubin has always believed that the open platform is the one that wins. Most people complain that there’s no innovation in smartphones. Andy Rubin disagrees. Vehemently. And so he’s back, as the CEO of Essential Products, his first company since Android. He wants to make Essential the first great gadget maker since Apple, one that builds and distributes the open platform that will power the billions of phones, watches, light bulbs, and toaster ovens about to come online. That wasn’t always the plan. Rubin likes telling a story from just after he left Google, where he spent a decade running Android and a few years leading its robotics projects. Over dinner and wine, he and his wife, Rie, discussed his next move. “How do I top Android?” Rubin asked. “What could I possibly do that would be bigger than that?” “Don’t do one thing,” Rie replied. “Do 10.” And so Rubin launched Playground, a venture capital firm where a few dozen engineers and designers at Playground Studios help startups build stuff. Read More Jason Tanz Andy Rubin Unleashed Android on the World. Now Watch Him Do the Same With AI Wired Staff Andy Rubin, Crispr, and Amazon Star at WIRED Business Conference 2017 Daniel Roth Google’s Open Source Android OS Will Free the Wireless Web Ryan Tate Andy Rubin and the Great Narrowing of Google Rubin and his partners sought out a wide range of investments. “You meet a ton of people, thousands of people,” he says. “Some really crazy ideas, some pretty good ideas, some teams that are great, some teams that are not that great.” As he speaks, Rubin curls his lanky body into a comfortable chair at the head of a long table in the same room where he met many of those people. He fidgets as he talks and touches his stubbled face as he thinks. Now and then, he walks over to the whiteboard to diagram his points. “We thought that people weren’t swinging for the fences and doing big-vision things in consumer products,” he says. All of which is to say, there hasn’t been an Apple since Apple, and Rubin figures it’s time. Essential launches publicly today with the announcement of two products expected later this summer: a $699 smartphone called Phone and a smart-home hub called Home that Rubin hopes will bring order to the endless standards, protocols, and systems wrought by the Internet of Things. To understand what Essential hopes to achieve in the long term, look at the hub. Rubin wants to build an open source, infinitely extensible platform, called Ambient OS, that powers all the smart stuff in your home. Android for everything. But even Rubin concedes that it will take a while. If you want to know how he plans on getting there, we need to talk about the Phone. Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Take a Bite Most people look at smartphones and see one of the largest and most competitive markets in history, one with no room (or profits) for anyone but Apple or Samsung. And most people complain that there’s no innovation. Rubin disagrees. Vehemently. He sees loads of innovation, but believes companies don’t take advantage of it because they’re simply too big. “When Apple finds some new technology, they’re like, ‘Great, can I have 50 million next quarter?’ Manufacturers are like, ‘No, you can’t. We just invented it,'” he says. Meanwhile, companies design by committee—with too much input from supply chain experts and accountants—and everything moves slowly. If Essential sells 50 million phones this quarter, Jason Keats, the company’s head of product architecture, is totally screwed. Essential simply cannot produce that many phones. That’s the point. “We’ve gone after technologies and methods of manufacturing that aren’t designed to support 50 million devices,” he says. He wants Essential to think like a high-end watchmaker, not a commodity gadget builder. (Granted, everyone says this, even the commodity gadget builders.) From the start, Essential’s designers and engineers met with countless manufacturers in search of the most interesting technology and materials, especially stuff no one could produce at scale. “We’re not for everybody,” Keats says. “You know it’s going to be a little exclusive.” Gadgets used to say something about their buyers, communicating fashion sense or nerd cred. Now that everyone has an iPhone or a Galaxy, neither say anything. Everybody at Essential hates the idea that you, your grandma, and your accountant all carry the same phone. Gadgets once said something about the people who carried them. They communicated fashion sense or nerd cred. Now they’re as personal as refrigerators. Rubin wants the Essential phone to clearly and emphatically state that the person carrying it isn’t won over by marketing, isn’t a fanboy, isn’t driven by trends. Jason Keats, Essential’s head of hardware architecture and noted prototyping enthusiast.Carlos Chavarria for WIRED People who buy an Essential phone, he says, want technology that works for them, not the other way around. The team knew from the beginning that it wanted to build a titanium phone. The material offers far greater durability and, perhaps equally important, sounds so damn cool. But machining titanium is expensive and wasteful. “So we literally traveled around the world to find somebody who could process in a different way,” Keats says. Essential eventually found a small German company that injection-molds the material, which involves pouring molten titanium into a mold rather than milling it from a block. Injection molding typically results in greater porosity than milling, but this company (which Keats won’t name) figured out how to, in Keats’ words, make it “super, super dense.” More than one Essential employee told me, with more than a little glee, that Apple tried to make the next iPhone from titanium, but couldn’t make it work. Dave Evans, Essential’s head of design, came from Playground Global to help make a new kind of gadget.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED Shaping the Future The Essential team wanted to make something unique, something fresh and exciting. But everyone knew people weren’t ready for a wild new form factor or radical technology. The team spent hours cutting plexiglass into every conceivable shape, just so people could see how it felt in their hands. Dave Evans, the company’s head of design, especially liked a subtle hourglass shape. “It would cradle your hand really, really gracefully,” he says. “The grip was fantastic.” Essential’s goal is to become the first great gadget maker since Apple. Still, Essential went with a rectangle and an off-the-shelf camera, because why reinvent the wheel? Look for the weird, wild stuff later. For now, Essential is focused on finally getting the smartphone right. “Product design for me isn’t more complicated than just building a product for myself,” Rubin says. He buys every phone—they cover virtually every surface of his office—and they all leave him wanting. “It could be something as simple as bad battery life, or a user interface that was unusable, or a bunch of fluff and bloatware that I didn’t need.” The Phone, Rubin says, is the phone he always wanted. It has no branding whatsoever. It doesn’t even have a name beyond Essential Phone, because it’s not Essential’s phone, it’s yours. (As long as you can afford the blistering sticker price.) It runs Android, pure as the driven snow, with no bloatware or customized interface. Aside from a small notch for the front-facing 8-megapixel camera, the 5.7-inch screen has no bezel. It runs the latest Snapdragon 835 processor, along with 4 gigs of RAM and 128 gigs of storage. Internally, at least, Essential didn’t try to change the game—it just tried to win. On paper, this thing looks great, even if it isn’t waterproof. Let’s Connect The most important feature is a pair of tiny dots on the back, up there on the right. It’s a magnetic dock for attaching accessories. Essential created a modular handset, but not in the build-a-phone sense of the Moto Z or Project Ara. Rubin calls it “a new notion of what an accessory is, and trying to make the accessory as future-proof as possible.” Ultimately, Essential’s success or failure hinges on what comes after the smartphone. As other manufacturers ditch headphone jacks and connectors, they render entire accessory lines obsolete. Rubin loves to mention the iPod docks with 30-pin connectors you still see in hotel rooms. He wants to make sure your Essential add-ons never go out of style. “Let’s say I come up with a new phone in the future,” Rubin says. “And let’s say it looks nothing like this. I don’t want the person who bought an accessory to have to throw it out and buy the new accessory for the new form factor.” Accessories for the phone will work on the smart-home hub, through the same connector, and will work with whatever Essential makes next. Rubin believes consumers want a beautiful, usable phone and the flexibility to decide what it does and how it works. The Essential’s first accessory isn’t, strictly speaking, an accessory. It’ll ship in the box with the phone as part of the device: a 360-degree camera, barely larger than your thumb. There’s no companion app or Bluetooth pairing; the phone simply treats it like an internal camera. It’s the smallest, simplest 360 camera you’ll find anywhere. Other accessories are coming later, and Essential plans to open source the docking system so others can build cool stuff for it. The 360 camera offers a compelling glimpse of where Rubin sees this going. Most of the 360 cameras on the market are cumbersome and complicated and not very good. Essential believes something seamless and integrated will push the technology into the mainstream. That approach helped Apple become the biggest company on the planet—MP3 players existed before the iPod, and smartphones existed before the iPhone, but Apple seemed like the first company to nail those two ideas. Essential exists in no small part because Rubin believes Apple can’t do that anymore. He wants to pick up where Apple left off. This Time, It’s Personal Ultimately, Essential’s success or failure hinges on what comes after the Phone. Rubin’s interest lies in artificial intelligence and robots. He hopes Ambient OS, and the smart gadgets it will control, is his true spiritual successor to Android. It’s the open source Internet of Things platform he’s surprised no one has built. The Home, coming a little later this year, is designed to choreograph all the smart devices in your home, finally making them all work together. The team built a system that combines SmartThings, HomeKit, Nest, and the rest, futzing in the background with the public APIs in order to make everything work seamlessly together. It works with Alexa and Siri and Google Assistant, has a touchscreen and voice control. Rubin hopes it’ll feel like you’re interacting with your home, not a gizmo in your living room. The Essential Phone has no branding, no logos, and no bezels. It’s supposed to be all pixels.Carlos Chavarría for WIRED All the smart home stuff is still coming into focus, though. Essential started with a phone because it is your most important and most intimate device, and one you already understand. And so the revolution must start there. “You have to slipstream into the ways society works,” Rubin says. He mentions Google Glass, which failed not because the tech was bad but because the world wasn’t ready to wear them. Still, the Phone feels personal to Rubin. Near the end of our time together, he walks over to a large shelf in his office and starts picking up devices he created in his previous jobs. He shows me an early Sidekick prototype, made to test the opening and closing of the complex hinge. One shelf up sits a Sony MagicLink, the proto-PDA he helped create in the ’90s at General Magic. You could argue that only Steve Jobs played a bigger role in the mobile revolution. And yet Rubin can’t stop trying to build the phone he’s always wanted. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. android Andy Rubin internet of things phones Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular The Internet Defines ‘Covfefe’ Internet Culture The Internet Defines ‘Covfefe’ Angela Watercutter The Gospel of Hard Work, According to Silicon Valley Business The Gospel of Hard Work, According to Silicon Valley Nitasha Tiku Welcome to Poppy’s World In Depth Welcome to Poppy’s World Lexi Pandell The Physics of Ramming an Imperial Star Destroyer, Explained Science The Physics of Ramming an Imperial Star Destroyer, Explained Rhett Allain Inside the Factory Building the World’s Smallest, Cheapest Private Jet aviation Inside the Factory Building the World’s Smallest, Cheapest Private Jet Eric Adams While You Were Offline: Trump’s Paris Agreement Decision Turned Into Quite a ‘Covfefe’ While You Were Offline While You Were Offline: Trump’s Paris Agreement Decision Turned Into Quite a ‘Covfefe’ Graeme McMillan String Theory’s Weirdest Ideas Finally Make Sense—Thanks to VR Virtual Reality String Theory’s Weirdest Ideas Finally Make Sense—Thanks to VR Nick Stockton A Stunning Video of Mars That Took Three Months to Stitch Together—by Hand whoa A Stunning Video of Mars That Took Three Months to Stitch Together—by Hand Liz Stinson More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear WWDC How to Watch Apple’s WWDC Keynote Arielle Pardes WWDC WWDC 2017 Liveblog: Siri, iPads, MacBooks and More Wired Staff Environmental science A Race to Develop Pollution Sensing Tech Plays Out in Oakland Apple WWDC 2017: What’s Coming at Apple’s Big Spring Fling David Pierce Wired Staff OK, House. Get Smart: Make the Most of Your AI Home Minions Wired Staff Chips An IBM Breakthrough Ensures Silicon Will Keep Shrinking Brian Barrett We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 7 hours Roboticists may have solved the problems drones run into while flying indoors—with marsupials wrd.cm/2suc0fJ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 7 hours Roboticists may have solved the problems drones run into while flying indoors—with marsupials wrd.cm/2suc0fJ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us SecureDrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN Collection Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Home About The RealtyBizNews Team Contacts Advertise with Us Contributing Writers RealtyBizNews: Real Estate News With the latest on mortgages, refinancing, real estate & home tips Realtors US Real Estate Commercial Featured News Technology Investing Memphis Real Estate International Press Release You are here: Home / Technology / SEO / Are You Making this SEO Mistake with Your Real Estate Site? Are You Making this SEO Mistake with Your Real Estate Site? May 30, 2017 by Lili Steffens 2 Comments Subscribe to our RSS feed to get the latest realty news. You can get our headlines via email as well, or follow us on Twitter. Have you ever considered that optimizing your website too much is an SEO mistake? SEO over-optimization is a real thing, and it can hurt your rankings. Rumors of Google working on a penalty for over-optimized sites started as early as 2011, yet many website owners ignored the threat and kept on over-optimizing pages for specific terms. In most instances, those pages do not rank, and website owners are frustrated because they invested time, money, and energy to see their sites among the first in Google’s SERPs. Too Much Optimization Is a Common SEO Mistake If you thought over-optimizing is a myth, think again. Google’s Gary Illyes confirm in a Twitter discussion that over-optimization is as real as it gets. “Is over-optimization really a thing, and if it is, can you please come up with a name for it that isn’t an oxymoron?,” Twitter user @bubba_ji asked, to which Illyes answered: “That is totally a thing, but I can’t think of a better name for it. It is literally optimizing so much that eventually, it starts hurting.” @bubba_ji That is totally a thing, but I can’t think of a better name for it. It is literally optimizing so much that eventually it starts hurting — Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) May 24, 2017 Over-optimization used to work: if you remember, keyword stuffing was one of the main strategies to make a page rank in SERPs. This led to a poor experience for the Google searchers, as algorithms ranked a lot of crappy sites (like “Made for Adsense” sites) higher than genuine businesses. Some website owners still optimize for keywords repeating them obsessively in page titles, headers, footers, URLs, and so on. Since too much SEO can hurt your site, there are a few things to do to avoid the over-optimization penalty. Don’t think about over-optimization regarding keywords and keyword stuffing. Too much SEO can also mean keyword-rich anchors for internal links; poor internal or external linking, like pointing all internal or external links to top-level navigation pages; having too many <h1> header tags; footer over-optimization; linking to spammy sites; hyper-optimized URLs; using keywords that are not relevant to a website; and so on. If you are using any of the SEO tactics mentioned above, you are likely over-optimizing your site, and it’s time to stop. Steps to Avoid SEO Mistakes Instead of optimizing your site for traffic and search rankings, start building with your buyers in mind. Traffic without sales is just smoke. Over-optimization, also known as negative-SEO, can have serious consequences on your site. Too much SEO can make your real estate site appear spammy, and once penalized, it is hard to recover. Specifically, Google’s Panda update, which was released in February 2011, was specifically aimed at over-optimized sites. If you have a site managed with WordPress, you can always use the Yoast SEO plugin to check if your on page SEO is good. They also have a Drupal module. You should look for proper tools for sites managed on other CMS platforms too. If you don’t use a plugin to monitor the quality of your SEO, just build an awesome website, with a strong focus on quality rather than quantity. You are recommended to use a holistic SEO approach: focus on good design that provides an excellent user experience: clear navigation, good site structure, mobile friendly, fast, and accessible use HTTPS to allow users to buy or to share their data with confidence keep your site secure and free of viruses focus on good content: high quality copy that has a clear objective use excellent visual content: images increase social media shares and time on site You can learn more about how to avoid over-optimizing your website reading this article by Neil Patel. About Lili Steffens A PR and marketing professional with extensive SEO expertise, a former contributor to Search Engine Journal, Liliana Steffens covers online marketing tips, mobile, social media, and SEO for RealtyBizNews. Comments Tim O'Keefe says: May 31, 2017 at 11:36 am Hasn’t over optimization been an issue since the 90s that SEs have tried to deal with. Keyword stuffing, color on similar color words background. And with the advent of CSS placing text way off the visual page lol. Of course noscript was an easy way dirty way to help a flash site. Additionally, what is over optimized? is a moving target. Especially as Google has got better at learning from associations via other sites. In other words, be in a trusted network of associations, and the likelyhood of getting hit from “optimization” is less likely. Reply Lili Steffens says: May 31, 2017 at 11:50 am Of course, Tim! My point is that many people are still doing it old-school. I get so many emails daily from snake oil SEOs salesmen trying to sell me “first-page” rankings for keywords. It’s really sad. I also see so many sites from clients who miss the mark. I cannot give examples, obviously. I can only advise people to pay attention. Reply Speak Your Mind Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Follow Realty Biz News In other news… Smart Home Technology Increasing Accessibility Zillow’s new paint color analysis shows blue bathrooms are the way to go Memphis Nightlife on Beale Street Middle class African-Americans, Hispanics, priced out of home ownership in largest U.S. metros Recity analyses key development trends in Washington DC Sponsored Ads Tips and tricks of the trade 3 Home Purchasing Expenses to Consider June 1, 2017 By Jamie Richardson 5 Warning Signs That Your Home Has Been Invaded by Pests Get to Where You Need to Go with MyRouteOnline Integrating Into a New Community When You Move Real Estate Market Today John Green & Co. REALTORS® Launches New and Improved Website May 3, 2017 By Press Release Catalysts that are Predicting a Positive Outlook for REITS in 2017 Trulia warns of shrinking home inventories Digital Realtor Roundup: Memphis, Tennessee Real Estate Technology Smart Home Technology Increasing Accessibility June 3, 2017 By Allison Halliday 5 Tools for Real Estate Agents to Avoid Social Media Meltdown in 2017 Are You Making this SEO Mistake with Your Real Estate Site? 4 Tactics for Growing Your Brand on Instagram All contents © Copyright 2016 RealtyBizNews · All rights reserved. Sign up Now and get our guide on Facebook for Real Estate Professionals for Free Sign up to the Realty Biz News mailing list to get updates from our site and also get our guide to Facebook marketing for Real Estate professionals for free SUBMIT Thank you   Download the Guide
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News open Business open Opinion open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries open Jobs open Autos Real Estate open Classifieds open FIND&SAVE open Photos & Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community open Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business open Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges open Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports open More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Girls Volleyball Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar open Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining open Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com Here's the job Alabamians Google the most Updated on May 30, 2017 at 6:02 AM Posted on May 30, 2017 at 6:01 AM What is the job Alabamians Google the most? By Leada Gore lgore@al.com There are plenty of recent graduates hitting the job market, ready to cash in on that diploma in hopes of starting a lucrative and rewarding career. And, if one recent analysis is correct, lots of those graduates - as well as others in the workforce in Alabama - have their sights set on Hollywood. Zippia, a career website, used Google data to determine the most searched-for job in each state. The data showed interest in careers was literally all over the map, including top searches for: president (Texas and Oklahoma); zookeeper, (West Virginia); YouTube star (Ohio); bus driver (Mississippi); lion tamer (Louisiana); and ninja (Virginia). Alabama's choice wasn't quite so creative. The most frequently Googled job in our state was "actor," the same as it was in 15 other states. Another analysis by Zippia - this one detailing which job each state Googles more frequently than any other - showed many Alabamians have a more heavenly career in mind. The job that Alabamians Google at a higher frequency than anywhere else in the country was "chaplain." In contrast, Google users in neighboring Georgia searched for information on becoming a stripper more than anywhere else in the country. Mississippi was tops for searches on becoming a truck driver while California and Louisiana apparently prefer wilder careers, each leading the way on searches related to becoming a lion tamer or zoo keeper, respectively. Welcome to Tuesday's Wake Up Call. Let's see what's going on: Theft from Marine One A Virginia man has pleaded guilty to stealing more than $100,000 worth of equipment intended for Marine One, the helicopter fleet that transports the president. Branden Baker, 34, acknowledges stealing more than 50 image intensifiers and other night vision equipment from Marine Helicopter Squadron One. The stolen equipment, believed to have been taken from 2013 to 2015, was later sold on eBay. Baker faces up to 10 years in prison. Town welcomes Confederate memorial Brandenburg, Kentucky is welcoming a monument to the Confederate soldiers of the Civil War, inheriting the structure after it was removed from the University of Louisville. The 70-foot tall concrete statue, first erected in 1895, features a Confederate soldier at its crown. The statue was placed at a riverfront park where the city holds a biennial Civil War reenactment. The memorial was removed from the University of Louisville in April 2016 after students and faculty complained it glorified the Southern tradition of slavery. Zookeeper killed by tiger A female zookeeper was killed Monday by a tiger that entered the enclosure where she was working. Rosa King, 33, was working at Homerton Zoo Park outside of London when the incident occurred. Zoo officials said the tiger entered the enclosure where King was working in what they are describing as a "freak accident." Visitors were evacuated from the zoo and rumors quickly spread that the animal had escaped. Zoo officials quickly disputed that claim, saying "at no time did the animal escape" from its enclosure. Until tomorrow. View Comments About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Trump administration Islamic State Latin America Series 2017 Inside Rural America Fake news Subscribe Dark Money Exploring the rise in private power Tax take shrinks as online accommodation agents rake it in May 30, 2017 7.01am EDT Michael West Author Michael West Adjunct Associate Professor, School of Social and Political Sciences, University of Sydney Partners University of Sydney provides funding as a member of The Conversation AU. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. Wotif is one of a slew of formerly competitive rivals bought up by Expedia. Dan Peled/AAP Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger This is a huge market and no one knows how it all works except the mug operator who washes the linen, cleans the toilets and battles with being recognised by Google to compete with these guys … and pays income tax on every dollar earned. Duncan McIntyre is the owner of Mt Martha Villas, a B&B on Victoria’s Mornington Peninsula. Like thousands of hotel and short-stay operators across the nation, McIntyre is alarmed at the growing market power of online travel agents (OTAs). When the OTA market began around 2000, online accommodation sites were efficient. They dealt with the overhang of inventory – spare rooms, that is – and they matched the travelling public with B&B operators for a small charge. Now, says McIntyre, the market has consolidated and foreign, tax-avoiding multinationals are calling the shots, driving up prices. Another beachside apartment operator on the New South Wales South Coast – she didn’t want to be named for fear of reprisal – says the OTAs stop her from discounting. The fees can be up to 30% per cent (to get premium position on an OTA website) and they don’t allow you to compete (on price) with them. As a small business, we are beholden to list with these sites as they obviously have power in Google rankings, and we would disappear without such listings. Both operators talked about tax. Online accomodation websites are booming yet their billions of dollars in income, income that used to flow to Australian companies and contribute to Australia’s tax base, now almost entirely bypasses these shores. Heading for a virtual duopoly The two leaders in the accommodation space are Booking.com and Expedia, with more than 18,000 in listings daily. An investigation of their financial statements shows the former books its sales directly to The Netherlands and the latter directly to the US; so no GST and virtually no income tax. The chief executive of the Accommodation Association of Australia (AAA), Richard Munro, says the gross value of the accommodation bookings market is A$15 billion to A$17 billion. The two top players command roughly one-third, or A$5 billion in gross spending (30% market share of total bookings, or almost 85% of online bookings in Australia). Assuming average commission rates to Booking.com and Expedia of 15% of each sale, says Munro, these two players alone rack up annual sales in Australia of more than A$750 million. Here is the punchline though. This A$750 million or so in sales is nowhere to be seen. Last year, Bookings.com disclosed revenue of just A$16.2 million, according to its skimpy financial statements filed with the corporate regulator, while Expedia booked $$93 million. Almost all revenue in both instances came from offshore parent companies in “service” arrangements. Over the past three years, Booking.com has paid a mere A$2.46 million in tax in Australia, despite its offshore associates raking in A$1 billion or so in revenue. Expedia’s financial statements are so lame they don’t disclose tax in the cash-flow statement, nor in the notes – nothing to see there. They have booked a tax expense, but expense is an estimate not a payment. A familiar tax-avoidance structure All this is now convention, a well-trodden path of accounting and disclosure chicanery pioneered by Google, eBay and Facebook on the advice of the Big Four accounting firms. These are the hallmarks of the US digital giants: zero income made in Australia actually booked in Australia ditto GST pitiful amounts of tax paid, and then only in recent years a skinny board, a triumvirate of directors: typically two offshore and one in Australia with a low profile a small CBD head office in an accountancy firm market domination. As much as tax is a challenge for regulators, there is also a critical antitrust consideration. The two big players in the space have been gobbling up smaller pretenders, consolidating the market, forcing prices up, forcing small hotels, motels and B&Bs to deal with them or be left with little opportunity to access eyeballs on the world’s greatest monopoly, Google. The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) is believed to be still investigating competition issues. Expedia has been pouncing on a slew of rivals. It now owns Travelocity, Orbitz, Hotels.com, Wotif, Lastminute, Hotwire, Trivago, CheapTickets and eBookers. There was outrage last year as hotel operators slammed the ACCC for striking a “secret” deal with the duopoly which stopped hoteliers from offering cheaper prices online. What can authorities do about this? While the industry brawl over pricing parity rages on, authorities could do some simple things to enhance accountability by these conniving tax avoiders. For one, the Tax Office could force – as it has done with Google and Facebook – the OTAs to bring their revenue onshore to be taxed, instead of letting them pretend their Australian businesses are really Dutch or American. These multinationals, like the others, command puppet regimes across the globe. Their real directors, the “shadow directors”, are offshore, so their companies should be treated as such, as undisclosed agencies, and taxed accordingly. As usual, the accountancy profession is miserably failing to uphold standards, and their multinational clients aren’t compelled to file proper General Purpose financial reports rather than the feeble Special Purpose reports designed to conceal. Booking.com – auditor Deloitte – lists an address in Martin Place, Sydney. In 2016, it disclosed A$7.1 million in dividends to its Dutch shareholder Booking.com NV. The ultimate shareholder is US giant Priceline Inc. Besides its one Australian director, Eve Crestani, Booking.com’s directors are a Jupiter Tsui, resident of Singapore, and Johannes Wilhelmus Pieter Maria Trass, resident of Holland. It’s a similar deal for Expedia, registered address Bird & Bird Martin Place, Sydney. Two US directors, one Australian. The only mention of tax in the notes to the latest accounts is a small increase in “foreign tax payable” of A$976,000. In the case of both companies, it seems the costs were bulked up to minimise profit and therefore tax paid. Expedia shows a A$34 million marketing and advertising budget and a jump in “other” expenses from A$2.7 million to A$8.8 million last year. It was a mistake for the ACCC to have permitted Expedia to have swallowed Australian business Wotif three years ago. Australian authorities have allowed predatory, secretive overseas businesses to plunder their tax base while penalising thousands of Australian accommodation operators thanks to onerous commissions and diminishing competition from a duopoly. This column, co-published by The Conversation with michaelwest.com.au, is part of the Democracy Futures series, a joint global initiative between The Conversation and the Sydney Democracy Network. The project aims to stimulate fresh thinking about the many challenges facing democracies in the 21st century. Auditors Tax avoidance Democracy Futures multinational tax avoidance Dark Money Previous post May 22, 2017 Report: government won’t rule out underwriting Adani’s Carmichael coal mine Tweet Share Get newsletter Newsletter The Conversation is a non-profit + your donation is tax deductible. Help knowledge-based, ethical journalism today. Make a donation Most popular on The Conversation The rising homegrown terror threat on the right Fidget toys aren’t just hype Why do only some people get ‘skin orgasms’ from listening to music? 7 in 10 smartphone apps share your data with third-party services Why Jefferson’s vision of American Islam matters today Should we put juveniles away for life? Meet the teen who sparked a debate What’s behind the fidget spinner fad? Are we overreacting to US withdrawal from the Paris Agreement on climate? How would engineers build the Golden Gate Bridge today? How do the chemicals in sunscreen protect our skin from damage? Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 51,000 academics and researchers from 2,050 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Science & Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Google's Project Tango-phone Asus Zenfone AR release details revealed Asus' Google Project Tango-phone Zenfone AR will be first released in home market Taiwan in June and later to other markets in coming months. Rohit KVN   May 30, 2017 16:09 IST Google's Project Tango phone Asus Zenfone ARAsus It's been close to six months since Asus unveiled the second-generation Google Project Tango-phone Zenfone AR at Consumer Electronics Show 2017, Las Vegas. Now, the flagship phone will finally be made available to the public soon. The Zenfone AR is slated to be released first in the company's home market Taiwan in mid-June and later in the US in July, Jerry Shen, CEO, confirmed to Engadget. Also read: Huawei tipped t build new-gen Google Project Tango phone; all you need to know Asus has confirmed that the Zenfone AR (6GB RAM+128GB storage) model will be made exclusively available on Verizon in America.The price details will be announced in coming days. The Zenfone AR boasts of a 23MP shooter, which comes equipped with Tango TriCam system featuring Motion tracking camera that lets ZenFone AR track its location as it moves through space and has a depth sensing camera with an infrared (IR) projector that lets ZenFone AR measure its distance from real-world objects The new Asus phone features top-of-the-line hardware. It comes with 5.7-inch WQHD screen, Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 quad-core with 6GB/8GB RAM, 32GB/63GB/128GB/256GB internal storage, 8MP front camera and a 3300mAh battery with Quick Charge 3.0. The highlight of the Project Tango phone is it comes with a set of sensors and computer-vision software developed by Google that offers unique AR user experiences on a smartphone, such as AR gaming, AR utilities, and indoor navigation. And, Daydream is Google's platform for high quality, mobile virtual reality and supports Daydream VR apps. With such advanced software and hardware, Assu Zenfone AR user can enjoy immersive 3D-shopping experience on e-commerce website. For instance, Wayfair's in-house AR app allows shoppers to visualise furniture and décor in their homes before making a purchase, tackling one of the largest barriers to online shopping. With AR technology, WayfairView app users can select a furniture from an extensive 3-D catalogue, and virtually preview items in any of their rooms through the lens of a smartphone. Asus has promised there will be more than 1000 such AR and VR-ready applications on Google Play store. Keep an eye on this space for latest updates on Asus products Key specifications of Asus Zenfone AR: Models Asus Zenfone AR Display 5.7-inch WQHD (2560x1440p) super AMOLED screen 79% screen-to-body ratio Tru2life technology for high contrast and outdoor readable Bluelight Filter for Eye Care Corning Gorilla® Glass 4 (Super Anti Scratch) NTSC over 100% /3,000,000 : 1 dynamic contrast Touch: 10-finger capacitive touch Fingerprint and smudge-resistant oleophobic coating Support glove touch OS Android 7.0 with brand-new ASUS ZenUI 3.0 Processor 2.35GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 (Kryo cores x 4) quad-core GPU Adreno 530 RAM 6GB/8GB LPDDR4 Storage 32GB / 64GB / 128GB / 256GB (UFS v2.0), expandable up to 2TBSpecial offer: ASUS WebStorage: 5GB free for life Google Drive: 100GB free space (2 years) Camera Main: 23MP camera with f/2.0 aperture, 6 P Largan lens m Fix Focus, Auto Focus, 0.03 second laser auto-focus, 32 second long exposure, Close-up macro photography (5 cm), 3X optical zoom / 12X total zoom, 4-axis, 4 stops Optical Image Stabilization for steady photos, 0.03 sec Ultrafast TriTech auto focus, Ultra-fast 0.03 sec, TriTech Focus System, Phase Detection AF / 2nd gen Laser AF / Continuous AF Color correction (RGB) sensor for the best white balance and natural-looking colors, RAW file support, Blue Glass IR Filter, Zero Shutter Lag, LED flash, Dual-LED real tone flash, 4K video recording TriCam System for Tango: Motion tracking camera lets ZenFone AR track its location as it moves through space. Depth sensing camera with an infrared (IR) projector lets ZenFone AR measure its distance from real-world objects. High-resolution 23MP camera lets you view virtual objects in your actual environment in stunning detail. Front: 8MP camera with f/2.0 aperture 85˚ wide-viewing angle Fix Focus Auto Focus Dual-LED real tone flash Pixel Master 3.0 camera mode Back Light (HDR) Mode, Low Light Mode, Manual Mode (for DSLR-like camera detail settings), Real Time Beautification Mode, Super Resolution Mode (for up to 4X resolution photos), Night Mode, Depth of Field Mode, Photo Effect Mode, Selfie Panorama, Selfie Mode, GIF Animation Mode, Panorama Selfie Mode, Miniature Mode, Time Rewind Mode, Smart Remove Mode, All Smiles Mode, Slow Motion Mode, Time Lapse Mode, Panorama Mode Battery 3300mAh (non-removable) BoostMaster Fast Charging : 60% battery capacity in 39 minutes (18W) PowerDelivery 2.0 Quick Charge 3.0 Network 4G-LTE Add-ons Google's Daydream VR platform compatible Fingerprint sensor, dual-SIM (type: nano), Bluetooth v4.2, Wi-Fi (802.11 a/b/g/n/ac; dual-band: 5GHz & 2.4GHz 2x2 MIMO support), A-GPS, GLONASS/BDS, USB Type –C 2.0, 3.5mm audio jack, NFC (Near Field Communication)Audio: Built-in Mono speaker "New" 5 magnet speaker for up to 40% better performance ASUS SonicMaster 3.0 DTS Headphone:X™ for virtual 7.1 surround sound Hi-Res Audio 192kHz/24-bit standard that is 4 times better than CD quality NXP Smart AMP technology delivers up to 4X sound volume Dimensions 158.67 x 77.7 x 4.6 ~ 8.95 mm Weight 170g Colours Leather-like finish : Charcoal Black Premium-crafted metallic diamond-cut Related ARM launches Cortex-A75, Cortex-A55 CPU series, Mali-G72 GPU; all you need to know Moto Z2 Play teaser, release date details revealed Apple iPhone 8, 7s series release date details revealed Post Comment IBT TV Close Macron-Trump handshake under scrutiny as pair meet for first time Why advertise with us? Latest News Here's how to watch Apple WWDC 2017 live 8 hours ago By Rohit KVN Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] 19 hours ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular Best 4G data tariff plans for June 2017 from major telecom operators Here are the best 4G data plans you can avail in May 2017 from Reliance Jio, Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and BSNL. Moto X Play finally gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat update Motorola has announced the roll out of Android 7.1.1 Nougat update to its Moto X Play but there is no word on Moto G Play. Do you want to earn $200,000? Find bug in Google's Android OS Google has announced a bounty of $200,000 for researchers and engineers who find a bug in Google's Android OS. Apple iPhone 8 is still months away, but Samsung and LG are already scared of it Launches of new Galaxy S8 and LG G6 variants suggest that Apple's Korean rivals are already scared of the upcoming iPhone 8, which is still months away. Foxconn insider leaks design details of Apple iPhone 8, Siri speaker, AR glasses and redesigned iMacs Foxconn insider has shared some interesting tidbits about forthcoming Apple products via dedicated Apple thread on Reddit. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] Guide to install Android 7.1.2 update on Redmi Note 3 via LineageOS 14.1 ROM. Should you buy OnePlus 3T or wait for OnePlus 5 launch? OnePlus is expected to launch its flagship OnePlus 5 in the next few weeks and it is going to take on its predecessor OnePlus 3T. Fireball malware affects more than quarter of billion global PCs; India worst affected Fireball manipulates the victims' browsers and turns their default search engines and home-pages into fake search engines and spy and even add more malware into PCs. Photo Gallery Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs Champions trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs. Sanjay Dutt supports tree plantation Sanjay Dutt spotted during the event organised to support 1000 tree plantation at BMC garden. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Strategy News DeepMind retires AlphaGo AI from competitive play DeepMind retires AlphaGo AI from competitive play Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Clare Hopping, Jessica Seamands News 30 May, 2017 Team to focus on diseases and energy issues Google's DeepMind has revealed that its AI's victorious set of Go matches against world champion Ke Jie will be its last in competitive sport. The company made the announcement in a blog, saying the team behind AlphaGo will now concentrate on applying its abilities to problems in areas like medical research, rather than playing games against some of the most strategic thinkers of the universe. "The research team behind AlphaGo will now throw their energy into the next set of grand challenges, developing advanced general algorithms that could one day help scientists as they tackle some of our most complex problems, such as finding new cures for diseases, dramatically reducing energy consumption, or inventing revolutionary new materials," Demis Hassabis, co-founder and CEO of DeepMind, said. "If AI systems prove they are able to unearth significant new knowledge and strategies in these domains too, the breakthroughs could be truly remarkable." DeepMind will write one more paper about the changes it has made to AlphaGo's computer mind and hopes that doing so will inspire other developers and scientists to explore the potential of AI. It will also turn its findings during the development of AlphaGo into a Go teaching tool, working alongside Go play Ke Jie to help others play a more dynamic game. "We have been humbled by the Go community’s reaction to AlphaGo, and the way professional and amateur players have embraced its insights about this ancient game," Hassabis finished. "We plan to bring that same excitement and insight to a range of new fields, and try to address some of the most important and urgent scientific challenges of our time. We hope that the story of AlphaGo is just the beginning." 26/05/2017: Google's AI beats human Go champion - again Google's AI machine, AlphaGo, has beaten world Go champion Ke Jie in its second match as part of a three-game series. "For the first 100 moves it was the closest we've ever seen anyone play against the Master version of AlphaGo," DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis said in the post-game press conference. In this second round, AlphaGo won when Chinese champion Ke resigned, making it a clear victory for AlphaGo - points didn't even come into it as they did in the first match. 19-year-old Ke described the robot as "a god of a Go player," he was so impressed by its gameplaying style. "Today's game was different from the first," Ke said. "AlphaGo made some moves which were opposite from my vision of how to maximize the possibility of winning. I also thought I was very close to winning the game in the middle but maybe that's not what AlphaGo was thinking. I'm a little bit sad, it's a bit of a regret because I think I played pretty well." The third and final Go match is scheduled to happen on Saturday, although AlphaGo is already the winner in this little tournament, it would seem. 24/05/2017: Google's AI beats the world's best human Go player Google DeepMind's AI machine, AlphaGo, has beaten the world's number one Go player in a match, with Google's robot winning by just half a point. The robot was put up against Ke Jie, following the defeat of another world leading Go player South Korean grandmaster Lee Se-dol last year. Following the victory, Google invited Jie to play against the machine at the Future of Go Summit in China, which was organised by Google to show off the system's expertise. AlphaGo learned how to play the game by studying past games in-depth, including many of Jie's previous matches with other humans. "There were some unexpected moves and I was deeply impressed," competitor Ke Jie told the BBC. "I was quite shocked as there was a move that would never happen in a human-to-human Go match." The robot will now take part in two further matches with Ji to prove itself as the all-conquering Go player. The second match will take place on Thursday, with the final game planned for Saturday. The game requires strategic thinking, with players required to place stones on a 19x19 square grid. The aim of the game is to take as much of the grid as possible. "It was a such close game, an exciting game and showed how much work Ke Jie put into preparing for the match," DeepMind co-founder Demis Hassabis added. "It was interesting for us to see him using moves from AlphaGo's previous games, and we were intrigued to see how AlphaGo deals with its own strategies used - huge respect to Ke Jie for pushing AlphaGo to its limits." Google plans for AlphaGo to be used for deeper implementations in the future, including medicine and science now it's been proved just how intelligent the system is. See related  What is AI? Machine learning vs AI AlphaGo achieves near-divine status Read more about Strategy AI Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Strategy What to expect from HPE Discover 2017 Opinion WWDC 2017 dates, news and rumours: What to look out for at WWDC News What is the value of bitcoin? In-depth BA shutdown blamed on contractor switching off power News AR and VR set to hit new heights in 2017 News See all Popular Raspberry Pi: Top 27 projects to try yourself Mobile How to boost your home Wi-Fi Networking Don't like Windows 10? Here's how to uninstall it Operating Systems Windows vs Linux: what's the best operating system? Operating Systems Google Home vs Amazon Echo vs Apple Siri speaker: Apple gears up to launch Siri-enabled speaker Desktop Hardware Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Alphr Know Your Mobile Expert Reviews Channel Pro Cloud Pro © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Photos Videos Topics Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Technology News India's online education industry to reach USD 1.96 billion by Shares0 Tue, 30 May 2017-03:46pm , ANI Google and KPMG on Tuesday released a joint report titled; ? Google and KPMG on Tuesday released a joint report titled; ?Online Education in India: 2021, which talks about the online education industry that will grow at a healthy rate of 8x, to become a USD 1.96 billion industry by 2021. The report is based on a comprehensive market research conducted by KPMG, along with a primary research and combined with insights from Google search. It finds that the paid user base will grow 6X from 1.6 million users in 2016 to 9.6 million users in 2021. However, it also reveals that over the last two years, there has been a 2x growth in online searches for education and a 3X growth in searches from a mobile device. Also, 44 percent of education searches are now coming from beyond the top six metros and there has been a 4X growth in education content consumption on YouTube in the last one year. Highlighting the segment wise growth in the online education space, the report highlights that reskilling and online certification is currently the largest. In 2016, it was valued at USD 93 million, and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 38 percent to reach 463 million by 2021. As per the report, the primary and secondary education category has the largest addressable audience with a student base of around 260 million when compared to the other categories. Owing to this, the primary and secondary supplementary education segment was the second largest category in 2016, and will grow at a CAGR of 60 percent to reach USD 773 million, making it the largest category in 2021. The test preparation which is a small segment as of today is likely to grow at an impressive CAGR of 64 per cent to become a USD 515 million category in 2021. ?The online education segment is set to become a multi-billion dollar opportunity in India. There are many factors driving this growth including the perceived convenience, increased reach and personalisation offered by online channels. It is also interesting to note, that high growth in education search queries is now coming in from Tier II and III cities such as Patna, Guwahati, Aligarh and Kota - which points to the opportunities that growing penetration of smartphones and improving quality of internet have opened up,? said Industry Director Google India, Nitin Bawankule. ?There are several evolving trends in the Indian online education segment that are contributing to the growth opportunities ahead. These include emergence of hybrid learning channels, continuous need for working professionals to learn new skills as well as emergence of technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence that is enabling online education vendors to design customized content. At the same time, it will be critical for players to deliver differentiated offerings for consumers to see continued value in online education channels,? said Partner KPMG India, Sreedhar Prasad. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Technology ISRO's GSAT-19, GSAT-11 satellites to revolutionise communications in region Social Media WATCH| Soon, magical pub to open for Harry Potter fans Science Playing a musical instrument can be good for brain, claims research Science China plans to launch space telescope to understand Milky Way pulsars Science Russian and French astronauts end 196-day mission on ISS, land on Earth Technology Microsoft is paying users to search with Bing over Google Related Apple readying Siri-powered home assistant: Report Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping service case Google marks ICC Champions Trophy with its addictive doodle Video WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma View all Tags Google ALIGARH Guwahati PATNA Online Education KPMG India Nitin Bawankule Tier II SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Etihad Airways to suspend flights to and from Qatar from Tuesday CBI carries out searches at residence of Prannoy Roy Case registered against NDTV co-founder Prannoy Roy for causing loss to bank INSIGHT-Canada beats US in pork sales to China - feet, elbows and all As Russia probe grinds on, Trump struggles to gain traction on agenda Sport Rugby-British and Irish Lions team to play Auckland Blues Soccer-Hazard to miss Belgium matches after fracturing ankle Rugby-O'Driscoll incident back in focus at Blues team naming NBA-James struggles to find any positives after another big defeat Dominic Thiem demolishes Zeballos to march into French Open quarters Entertainment 5 reasons why we love the 'Munna Michael' trailer! 'Wonder Woman' soars with $100.5 million, 'Pirates 5' fizzles out at US box office Ariana Grande gets emotional as she closes One Love Manchester concert Tight security and tears at benefit concert for Manchester bomb victims Ariana, others perform in Manchester as tribute to attack victims Money Developers hopeful of solar tariff at Rs. 1.5 per unit China stocks fall even as IPO pace cools; Hong Kong also eases Goldman, Nomura heeded warnings before Venezuela bond deal FOREX-Dollar edges away from lows hit on downbeat US jobs data, sterling slips South Korea draws up $10 billion extra budget to create jobs Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us ZenFone AR will be available through Verizon early July By John Hoff - May 30, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter ASUS announced at Google I/O 2017 that they will indeed be bringing the Tango-powered and Daydream-enabled ZenFone AR to the US as an exclusive through Verizon. And now, with information from Computex 2017, we now know that the Taiwan-based company is looking at launching the phone in July for the US market. If you remember, ZenFone AR will not only be powered by Google’s Tango for augmented reality, it’s also capable enough to run Google’s Daydream VR portal for Android. We spent some hands-on time with the new phone and were basically impressed by it. It has a large 5.7-inch display with QuadHD resolution, powered by last year’s flagship Qualcomm chipset, the Snapdragon 821. It’s supported by a mammoth 8GB RAM allocation, and up to 256GB internal storage. According to ASUS, the ZenFone AR is now able to run at least half of the 100+ Tango apps with stable operations. It features a 23MP main camera equipped with 4-axis OIS, depth and motion tracking sensors for Google Tango. A 3,300mAh battery keeps the power on. If you’re itching to give augmented reality a go, the ZenFone AR is probably the best way to go about it. You also get a Daydream-capable phone to go with it, so it’s a VR/AR fan’s dream phone, available this coming July. VIA: Engadget Story Timeline Qualcomm slips by posting some ASUS Zenfone AR details ahead of launch ASUS ZenFone AR unveiled: hands-on with Daydream and Tango ASUS ZenFone AR exclusive from Verizon, arriving this summer TAGS Android Asus ASUS ZenFone AR augmented reality Daydream Smartphone Tango John Hoff Must Read HTC U11 Hands-on: squeezing every last measure available BlackBerry KEYone Review Samsung Galaxy S8 Review Community 922.6klikes 478.3kfollowers 85.9kcomments / Free WordPress Plugins and WordPress Themes by Silicon Themes. Join us right now! Latest Devices ZTE nubia Z17 Motorola Moto Z2 Play Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise RSS Feed © 2008 - 2017 Android Community
Menu About Tamebay Advertise on Tamebay Tamebay Guide Tamebay TV Events eBooks Sign up Login News Headlines Marketplaces Amazon eBay Alibaba Allegro CDiscount Etsy SKU Cloud Gumtree Halfords Jet.com Newegg Notonthehighstreet Rakuten Tesco Yumbles Zalando Payments Logistics Ecommerce Small Business Tamebay Guide Share: POST TWEET SHARE SHARE EMAIL Home NewsPayments coming to Google Home – Prepare for Google Home Shopping Payments coming to Google Home – Prepare for Google Home Shopping By Chris Dawson May 30, 2017 - 10:45 am Google have released a new Google Payment API, which lets people pay in app or online with any verified credit or debit card saved to their Google Account, via products like Google Play, Chrome and YouTube. For users, the option to pay with Google means breezing through checkout without needing to remember and type multiple lines of payment details. You simply choose your preferred card, enter a security code or authenticate with your Android device, and check out. Payments coming to Google Home In the next few months, Google will use the new API to enable people in the US to send or receive payments via the Google Assistant. On your Google Home or Android device, it’s as simple as saying “Ok Google, send $10 to Jane for pizza.” All you need is a debit card linked to your Google account. Whilst this isn’t adding shopping to Google Home, it’s the first step towards doing so. First comes payments and later down the line ecommerce is almost certainly going to be added. Quite how Google will add shopping remains to be seen, it’s possible it will be limited to Google Certified Shops and likely to launch in the US before we see it in the UK. Adding the ability to send money is the first step and so notable and definitely something to watch. Google product feed requirements It’s worth reviewing Google’s requirements for product feeds – if you want to be ready to get your products available to buy on Google Home once ecommerce is enabled, the first thing you have to do will be to get your products on Google. Basic product data Unique identifier (SKU) Title Description Link Image link Mobile link Price & availability Availability (e.g. ‘In Stock’) Price Product category Product identifiers Brand GTIN Manufactures Part Number Detailed product description Condition Adult (yes/no) Multipack Bundles Age Group Size Colour Item Group (Variants) Delivery Tax Have your say Click here to cancel reply. View our Comment Policy Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Latest News 8 hours ago Etsy start suspending listings unless you use Etsy Payments 8 hours ago Minimum 18 month continued support announced for Magento 1 8 hours ago Top keywords from over a million searches on Pricesearcher 9 hours ago 9th June deadline to enter the British Small Business Awards 2017 See More Stories Related posts 8 hours ago Etsy start suspending listings unless you use Etsy Payments 5 days ago Barclaycard trial ‘Grab+Go’ offline payment app with staff 5 days ago UK SMEs can now use the Square Virtual Terminal See More Stories < Previous Will eBay businesses masquerade as private sellers to avoid 50% fee hike? Next > Amazon Charts to rival New York Times best seller lists Tamebay Guide Tamebay TV Events Ebooks Contact About Tamebay Become a Member Account Sign in Advertise on Tamebay Privacy Policy Tamebay is an imprint of eSeller Publishing Limited, published by SJP Business Media on its behalf Tel.: UK +44 (0) 20 7933 8980 Email: info@tamebay.com Log in Privacy Policy
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About DATA Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 How Gary Gygax's Dungeons & Dragons changed fantasy forever How Gary Gygax's Dungeons & Dragons changed fantasy forever Board Games 1 day ago Mars mission astronauts must ‘prepare for non-survivable illnesses or injuries’ Mars mission astronauts must ‘prepare for non-survivable illnesses or injuries’ Space Flight 1 day ago Global reign of terror: map plots every terrorist attack and death in real-time Global reign of terror: map plots every terrorist attack and death in real-time Cartoporn 1 day ago WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender 1 day ago India's Moon Shot: the unlikely outsiders shooting for the lunar X-Prize India's Moon Shot: the unlikely outsiders shooting for the lunar X-Prize Moon 1 day ago Get your weekend fix with the best Netflix series according to WIRED Get your weekend fix with the best Netflix series according to WIRED Netflix 2 days ago Podcast of the Week: 'Alice Isn't Dead' joins our best podcasts list Podcast of the Week: 'Alice Isn't Dead' joins our best podcasts list Podcast 2 days ago Fontjoy website uses machine learning to perfectly pair fonts Fontjoy website uses machine learning to perfectly pair fonts Design 2 days ago YouTube cracks down on ads placed on ‘hate speech’ videos YouTube cracks down on ads placed on ‘hate speech’ videos Technology 2 days ago Amazing lasers, Nasa's trip to the Sun: Podcast 320 Amazing lasers, Nasa's trip to the Sun: Podcast 320 Podcast 2 days ago How long do you have left to live? A new AI could have the answer How long do you have left to live? A new AI could have the answer Science 2 days ago What is the Paris climate agreement and what happens next? What is the Paris climate agreement and what happens next? Climate Change 2 days ago Google to launch Chrome ad-blocker in early 2018, warns publishers to prepare Google to launch Chrome ad-blocker in early 2018, warns publishers to prepare Chrome 20 Apr 2017 How Theresa May and the world's leaders reacted to Trump's Paris decision How Theresa May and the world's leaders reacted to Trump's Paris decision Climate Change 2 days ago Sony Xperia XZ Premium review: Incredible slow motion video not enough to stand out Sony Xperia XZ Premium review: Incredible slow motion video not enough to stand out 7/10 Phones 2 days ago Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat 2 days ago The biggest movie releases coming out in June The biggest movie releases coming out in June Film 2 days ago They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time Gravitational Waves 3 days ago New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery Brain 3 days ago Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Google 6 items 3 days ago Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Music 3 days ago How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy Work Smarter 3 days ago UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit Politics 3 days ago Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road 3 days ago Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft 4 days ago Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple 3 days ago Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Sun 4 days ago Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Ancient Egypt 5 days ago Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help General Election 4 days ago The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far Flights 5 days ago The biggest new game releases for June The biggest new game releases for June Gaming 2 days ago The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK Amazon Prime 24 May 2017 This month's free games for PlayStation Plus This month's free games for PlayStation Plus Playstation 27 Apr 2017 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About ONLY £1.50 AN ISSUE + FREE DIGITAL EDITIONS Subscribe Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up How Gary Gygax's Dungeons & Dragons changed fantasy forever How Gary Gygax's Dungeons & Dragons changed fantasy forever Board Games 1 day ago Mars mission astronauts must ‘prepare for non-survivable illnesses or injuries’ Mars mission astronauts must ‘prepare for non-survivable illnesses or injuries’ Space Flight 1 day ago Global reign of terror: map plots every terrorist attack and death in real-time Global reign of terror: map plots every terrorist attack and death in real-time Cartoporn 1 day ago WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender 1 day ago India's Moon Shot: the unlikely outsiders shooting for the lunar X-Prize India's Moon Shot: the unlikely outsiders shooting for the lunar X-Prize Moon 1 day ago Get your weekend fix with the best Netflix series according to WIRED Get your weekend fix with the best Netflix series according to WIRED Netflix 2 days ago Podcast of the Week: 'Alice Isn't Dead' joins our best podcasts list Podcast of the Week: 'Alice Isn't Dead' joins our best podcasts list Podcast 2 days ago Fontjoy website uses machine learning to perfectly pair fonts Fontjoy website uses machine learning to perfectly pair fonts Design 2 days ago YouTube cracks down on ads placed on ‘hate speech’ videos YouTube cracks down on ads placed on ‘hate speech’ videos Technology 2 days ago Amazing lasers, Nasa's trip to the Sun: Podcast 320 Amazing lasers, Nasa's trip to the Sun: Podcast 320 Podcast 2 days ago How long do you have left to live? A new AI could have the answer How long do you have left to live? A new AI could have the answer Science 2 days ago What is the Paris climate agreement and what happens next? What is the Paris climate agreement and what happens next? Climate Change 2 days ago Google to launch Chrome ad-blocker in early 2018, warns publishers to prepare Google to launch Chrome ad-blocker in early 2018, warns publishers to prepare Chrome 20 Apr 2017 How Theresa May and the world's leaders reacted to Trump's Paris decision How Theresa May and the world's leaders reacted to Trump's Paris decision Climate Change 2 days ago Sony Xperia XZ Premium review: Incredible slow motion video not enough to stand out Sony Xperia XZ Premium review: Incredible slow motion video not enough to stand out 7/10 Phones 2 days ago Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat launches £130 video-recording Spectacles across Europe Snapchat 2 days ago The biggest movie releases coming out in June The biggest movie releases coming out in June Film 2 days ago They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time They've done it again! Ligo scientists find gravitational waves for the third time Gravitational Waves 3 days ago New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery New technique lets researchers control brain cells without the need for surgery Brain 3 days ago Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Pictures: Google's new London campus plans Google 6 items 3 days ago Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Best wireless earphones: Embrace the sound of silence with these Bluetooth earphones Music 3 days ago How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy How to launch a travel startup to rival the sharing economy Work Smarter 3 days ago UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit UpVote episode 6: Labour's surge and the secrets behind Brexit Politics 3 days ago Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht loses appeal against life sentence Silk Road 3 days ago Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft is now 'paying' UK users to ditch Google and search with Bing Microsoft 4 days ago Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple WWDC 2017: Fresh reports suggest 'Siri speaker' unveiling is imminent Apple 3 days ago Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Nasa's mission to Sun renamed after astrophysicist behind solar wind theory Sun 4 days ago Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Rare mummy DNA has revealed clues about the relatives of ancient Egyptians Ancient Egypt 5 days ago Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help Baffled by the general election? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help General Election 4 days ago The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far Flights 5 days ago The biggest new game releases for June The biggest new game releases for June Gaming 2 days ago The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK Amazon Prime 24 May 2017 This month's free games for PlayStation Plus This month's free games for PlayStation Plus Playstation 27 Apr 2017 Data Google wants AdWords to track you both on and offline Third-party partnerships give Google around 70 per cent of US credit and debit card sales By Matt Burgess 5 days ago By Matt Burgess Tuesday 30 May 2017 Getty Images / Sean Gallup / Staff It's no secret that Google amasses huge amounts of data from people who interact with its services. Going forward, the firm wants to combine this online data with offline information to help those working in advertising. ADVERTISEMENT Google tracks everything you do: here's how to delete it Google tracks everything you do: here's how to delete it Technology 20 Mar 2017 At Google's Marketing Next conference, the company announced two new tools: Google Attribution and a measurement tool for stores. Ultimately, those working in advertising will be able to see whether online advertisements create offline sales. READ NEXT Who will win the Champions League Final? We asked machine-learning experts Who will win the Champions League Final? We asked machine-learning experts By João Medeiros Google Attribution measures online activity from AdWords, DoubleClick, Search and Google Analytics. In the coming months, the company will also introduce the "store sales measurement" that is currently in beta. "This will allow you to measure in-store revenue in addition to the store visits delivered by your Search and Shopping ads," Google says in a blog post. This means that those companies who collect email addresses when making sales can "import store transactions" into Google's AdWords system to compare what is being purchased against advertising spend. As Google announced the move, it also revealed the amount of customer spending data it already has available. It says its third-party partnerships record around 70 per cent of both credit and debit card sales in the US. Stats from 2013 show people in the US spent $4.077 trillion on credit and debit cards in one year. ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT Password manager OneLogin hit by 'malicious actor' who may be able to decrypt customer data Password manager OneLogin hit by 'malicious actor' who may be able to decrypt customer data By Matt Burgess – Google tracks everything you do: here's how to delete it As well as bringing together its features for those working in advertising, Google is introducing a new search tool to allow those online to see more tailored content. According to 9To5Google, the firm has launched a 'Personal' tab for search that will show results that are related to their interests and the data stored in their email and calendar. The move to combine offline and online data has, unsurprisingly, been criticised by privacy campaigners. Marc Rotenberg, executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, told The Washington Post that "as the companies become increasingly intrusive in terms of their data collection, they also become more secretive." In response to criticisms, Google says it created a new "custom encryption technology" to ensure user data remains anonymous. Subscribe to WIRED ADVERTISEMENT While the latest combination of online and offline data combination raised concerns, Google has been using phone mobile phones and devices to monitor where people connect to Wi-Fi networks for some years. In 2014, the company introduced 'store visits measurements' that allow it to show where people are. Since then, the firm says advertisers around the world "have measured more than 5 billion store visits using" using the AdWords' platform. It says that using machine learning it has been able to expand this to 'multi-story malls'. This article has been updated to clarify that Google Attribution is an online tool that does not measure offline activity. Data Technology Google Internet Share this article RECOMMENDED Google launches YouTube Go and free Wi-Fi in India to help the 'next billion' get online Google launches YouTube Go and free Wi-Fi in India to help the 'next billion' get online By Liat Clark YouTube 28 Sep 2016 Sonos Playbase - the speaker for your TV that will make you want to bin your Playbar Sonos Playbase - the speaker for your TV that will make you want to bin your Playbar By Jeremy White Speakers 04 Apr 2017 Facebook will start tracking you to link offline and online shopping Facebook will start tracking you to link offline and online shopping By Matthew Reynolds Technology 16 Jun 2016 Google tracks everything you do: here's how to delete it Google tracks everything you do: here's how to delete it By Becca Caddy Technology 20 Mar 2017 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google offers up to $10,000 in prizes for new Google Assistant actions Newsby Scott Adam Gordon6 days ago 3 497 22 In an effort to get more developers investing in Google Assistant, Google has challenged devs to create some compelling new Actions for it. In return, the search giant is offering more than 20 prizes, including $10,000, and a trip to Google I/O 2018. Actions is the platform on which developers build Google Assistant interactions, be it for Android, iOS or Google Home. This opened up to developers in December last year, and can be taken advantage of to extend the functionality of regular apps with Assistant-enabled features. (You can watch a video on building actions for Google Assistant here.) Developers have until August 31 to submit their apps to Google for the contest, and the app that scores the highest in “creativity, relevance, quality and usage” will win the overall prize of $10,000 and a chance to visit the Google Headquarters. See also: Google Play Music now offers 4-month free trial for new users 7 days ago Apps are judged by a panel of Google experts, and aside from the grand prize, there are a number of other categories in which devs can win smaller rewards, including: “best voice only interaction”, “best life hack”, “most adaptive app”, and “most fun distraction”. Devs can submit up to three apps for the competition, but residents of Italy, Brazil, Quebec, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, Syria, North Korea, or Sudan are ineligible. This is a smart way to get developers thinking about how they can apply their own apps to Google’s growing Assistant platform, and with free entry, it could attract a lot of submissions and unearth some exciting new products. Read the full details of the contest over at the Google Developers blog. News Google, Google Assistant Google, Google Assistant  Google Developers Scott Adam Gordon Scott Adam Gordon is a European correspondent for Android Authority. Originally from the UK, Scott has been tinkering with Android phones since 2011 and writing about them full-time since 2014. He now lives in Berlin with three roommates he never sees. Befriend him on Twitter and Google+ at the links. Show 3 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 14 hours ago25 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS The countdown is on to Ireland’s sci-tech extravaganza, Inspirefest 2017 Time running out to get your hands on Inspirefest early bird tickets Construction begins on €500m Limerick Twenty Thirty development Dave, technology and the power of people Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Armed with improving revenues, Spotify could float by end of year ‘I want my daughters to grow up in a country that treats them with respect’ Tech giants in uproar as Trump pulls US out of Paris climate agreement New images show plans for Google’s massive, futuristic London campus 17 reasons not to miss Inspirefest 2017, an essential sci-tech experience Nest wants more than just heat control, it wants security, too Fenergo’s Niall Twomey: ‘How often does IT have to say no?’ Qualcomm’s next-gen charger is fitter, stronger, faster Connecting the data dots for the future of healthcare Stripe launches Sigma to help e-commerce players analyse revenue Insurers could really slip up over cybersecurity risks How an evolving data ecosystem is transforming the healthcare industry EU reveals €120m plan to provide free wireless internet in 8,000 public places Economic impact of Virgin owner’s European broadband network reaches €7bn Five firms win Ireland’s first 5G licenses in €78m auction Three U-turn sees roaming data limits bumped back up Death of net neutrality in America: FCC votes for internet fast and slow lanes Eir wants to shake up mobile market with new Wi-Fi Calling service Who dares, scales: NDRC winners and judges emphasise sales Cork company raises €2.2m to fight against infectious disease New age of retail sees multiple start-ups raise funding Breastfeeding app Coroflo wins Dublin leg of Voom tour Recruitment AI start-up Opening.io bags €30,000 at NDRC Investor Day Lust for life sciences: 24 start-ups that will send investor pulses racing ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE David Puttnam steps down from role as Irish digital champion Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Weekend takeaway: A design for life sciences It’s like we’re trying to create teenage mutant ninja turtles … DCU scientists discover new role for opiates in DNA binding Regeneron: Injecting life back into Limerick business Third gravitational wave detected, revealing massive black hole collision Ireland’s unique population could cure a world of health problems Team develops first blockchain that can’t be hacked by quantum computer How can Bluetooth benefit the healthcare system? Autonomous driving sector could create new $7trn ‘passenger economy’ New ‘miracle material’ could spell the end of cracked smartphone screens 8 simple rules for integrating usability into your medical device Citizen brain: How medtech is helping us keep our heads How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS Here’s everything you need to know to land a career in life sciences Reach for the stars with space events in Cork throughout the summer Irish people cast shade on poor digital skills taught in schools What makes Ireland the perfect place for biopharma? The talent How to bring more talent into the world of life sciences What will working in biopharma look like in the future? How to build a biopharma career in 5 easy(ish) steps Want to work in biopharma? Here’s what you need to study 9 tips to kick-start an amazing software developer career Have your team’s stress levels reached breaking point? How to become a web developer later in life 4 ways to wow with your interview presentation ‘The future of biopharma looks bright and promising’ How will green exercise change your life? From Mice to Men: An insider look at the world of clinical trials From student to CEO: The Cork scientist tackling a new adventure The new gold standard: How will the latest research prevent aneurysms? 10 people to follow if you want a career in life sciences 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Do you know where your life sciences degree will take you? BMS: ‘We’re looking for the best and brightest talent’ Almost 850 biopharma jobs announced so far this year 9 top companies hiring in biopharma right now How can you make your career matter? Spend it saving lives Google’s new job search tool already seen in the wild ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING What app did you use at Guns N’ Roses? Probably Snapchat Google: You can check out any time you like, but you can never leave Palm-sized drone, perfect for selfies – haven’t we heard this before? Should you pee on a jellyfish sting? It might not be the best idea … Smartphones ‘biggest challenge’ facing teachers, many students ‘addicted’ WHO study finds kids’ use of technology is wreaking havoc on their health Ireland and rest of Europe can now ‘Snap’ up Spectacles online Google reveals new GIF maker, for journalists not in a rush Beneath the Surface: Microsoft is now making its own silicon This clever mapping tool is a must for An Post Rás enthusiasts Refurb of the Mac: Apple to ramp up processing power in new MacBooks Proposed ban on ‘unrestricted’ smartphones for kids discussed Another nail in TV’s coffin: YouTube to produce 7 original series this year YouTube reveals new Material Design desktop site E-sports champions will now get medals at 2022 Asian Games Well, well, well, YouTube finally gets serious about live TV Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? While we were laughing at ‘covfefe’, millions of Twitter bots joined Trump’s ranks Carnage in Manchester: Social media captures horror of attack at Ariana Grande concert What is the Antikythera mechanism and why is it so important today? ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ is today’s glorious Google Doodle 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ALL BioPharma Ambition: The convergence of manufacturing and care Irish exporters must start planning now to continue global growth post-Brexit Liberty IT creates an environment where people love coming to work Jet is looking for talented people to join the team Fraunhofer Project Centre opens at Dublin City University Aon: Where success is built on collaboration and innovation ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT All Advice People Employers Jobs Jobs Google. Image: tongcom photographer/Shutterstock Google’s new job search tool already seen in the wild by Gordon Hunt 5 days ago16 Shares Job seeking may get a little more consolidated in the coming months, with Google for Jobs the latest tool to be developed by the Sundar Pichai-led tech giant. Google’s I/O two weeks ago was one of the more revealing of recent times, with a whole swathe of new tools and initiatives released. There was news on how much AMP is improving our mobile browsing, with pages loading twice as fast as when it launched only a few months ago. There’s a new GIF tool for journalists and storytellers, and hotel rankings will soon be hosted directly in the Google search engine. And it’s within the search engine that we will stay, for now, with Google for Jobs a particularly interesting project. On stage at I/O, Sundar Pichai, CEO of Google, explained how the company is launching a jobs search engine in the US, with roles ranging from entry-level service industry to high-end professional. Utilising Google’s machine learning and AI platforms, the new search engine will seek to better understand how jobs are classified and related. Pichai said that it will include a feature that collects and organises the millions of postings from all over the web to tailor them for jobseekers. Hiring Now Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share Always at the cutting edge of new innovation Help develop the future of sales and trading Informing, entertaining and connecting the world And reports have now emerged of Google for Jobs already out in the wild, though only in a select number of cases. Android Police has revealed just how this new tool looks, with an example of ‘barista jobs’ displayed with the full Google for Jobs treatment. When revealing the tool at I/O, Pichai said 46pc of US employers face talent shortages and yet, there is a disconnect between employers and jobseekers. “The challenge of connecting jobseekers to better information on job availability is like many search challenges we’ve solved in the past,” Pichai said. Google’s moves are becoming more and more straightforward. Are there areas of the internet better suited to Google than hotel booking and job seeking, for example? Left: current layout. Centre, right: new layout. Image: Android Police “It’s inspiring to see how AI is starting to bear fruit that people can actually taste,” he said. “There is still a long way to go before we are truly an AI-first world, but the more we can work to democratise access to the technology – both in terms of the tools people can use and the way we apply it – the sooner everyone will benefit.” Google. Image: tongcom photographer/Shutterstock Tweet Share Email Share More Share Pin This Reddit Related: recruitment, Google, jobs, jobseekers By Gordon Hunt Gordon joined Silicon Republic in October 2014 as a journalist. Unafraid of heights or spiders, Gordon spends most of his time avoiding conversations about music, appreciating even the least creative pun and rueing the day he panicked when meeting Paul McGrath. His favourite thing on the internet remains the ‘Random Article’ link on Wikipedia. Check out life at some of the top sci-tech companies See more employers More from careers Future-proofing the Irish healthcare system The new gold standard: How will the latest research prevent aneurysms? Who doubted HTTPS? Wikipedia switch thwarts state censorship MSD to create 330 new jobs in Cork and Carlow in massive €280m expansion Loading Read More Loading now, one moment please! Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Maps v9.54 prepares to add saved locations for your school and gym, notification channels, and what looks like a task list [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/05/26 6:22am PDTMay 26, 2017 41 Plus 1 on G+ 69 Share on Facebook 51 Share on Twitter Total Shares161 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Saved locations for School and Gym 1.2 The 'Other' Notification Channel 1.3 A few new prompts 1.4 A task list called "Nearby Need?" 2 Download An update to Google Maps v9.54 began rolling out to users through the beta channel yesterday, but it doesn't appear to have any visible changes going live quite yet. However, a teardown of the apk does bring a few hints about what to expect in the future. There are clues about a couple of new saved destinations like the Home and Work slots that have become so useful, the first stirring of support for Android O's notification channels, a few new "promos" to get people interested in various features, and a very curious feature that might turn out to be a task list of sorts. As usual, we've got a link at the bottom to download this update to sideload if you're not interested in waiting for Google to deliver it to your device. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Saved locations for School and Gym If you find yourself regularly using the Home and Work saved locations for quick navigation, you'll enjoy this one. The Maps team is expanding the list to include two more common destinations: your gym and your school. <string name="GYM_LOCATION">Gym</string> <string name="SCHOOL_LOCATION">School</string> Since those two strings don't really include any specific telltale signs that they're intended to be default saved locations, I've included the two previously existing lines for Home and Work for comparison. It's pretty obvious that the naming convention matches up. <string name="HOME_LOCATION">Home</string> <string name="WORK_LOCATION">Work</string> There is also a newly added icon for education, which I would naturally assume will go with the School destination. There doesn't appear to be a similar icon dedicated to the Gym slot, but it's not as if Google can't easily color-fill the existing fitness icon. Nevertheless, this one missing icon might be a hint that Google won't make these new destination slots available until a future update includes the missing icon. These two new entries will obviously operate just like Home and Work for the purposes of navigation and quick route selection. And as always, users don't have to actually link these slots to real schools or gyms. I'm sure a lot of people will welcome this simple improvement because so many of us travel to more than just work and home in a typical day. The 'Other' Notification Channel I'll just make a quick mention of this topic since it's not really that interesting. Google Maps is going to have a notification channel on Android O titled "Other notifications." <string name="OTHER_NOTIFICATION_CHANNEL">Other notifications</string> I doubt this will be the only custom channel for Maps. After all, there are several subsections in Settings dedicated to each notification type, so we'll probably see the channel list grow a fair amount in the future. I would assume the Maps team is still trying to decide how to best organize the app's notifications. This "other" channel will probably become a placeholder for most of the notifications until they are organized into suitable channels. A few new prompts I normally skip changes that are meant to advertise existing features, but sometimes the focus of banners and notifications can give a little insight into the features and apps that may not be performing as well as expected or simply need user awareness. The latest Maps update includes three new promos. The first banner is for the Google Trips app. Launched around this time last year, Trips is basically an itinerary management app that's also intended for making local recommendations. Trips probably doesn't have a very substantial user base yet, so it's not hard to imagine why Google is trying to breathe a little more life into it. code <string name="OFFLINE_MAPS_TRIPS_APP_BANNER_TITLE">Take your travel info with you</string> <string name="OFFLINE_MAPS_TRIPS_APP_BANNER_TITLE_WITH_AREA_NAME">Take your %1$s travel info with you</string> <string name="OFFLINE_MAPS_TRIPS_APP_BANNER_BODY">Reservations • Things to do • Day plans</string> <string name="OFFLINE_MAPS_TRIPS_APP_BANNER_DOWNLOAD_LINK">Get Google Trips app</string> <string name="OFFLINE_MAPS_TRIPS_APP_BANNER_DISMISS_LINK">No thanks</string> The next addition is intended to get users to try out the recently launched location sharing feature. It's pretty normal to show prompts to get users only newly released features, so there's nothing unusual about this one, but you can probably expect to see it in your navigation setup soon. code <string name="CAR_TI TLE_JOURNEY_SHARING">Share journey</string> <string name="JOURNEY_SHARING_PENDING_PROMPT_TEXT">Share your trip with %1$s</string> <string name="JOURNEY_SHARING_PENDING_PROMPT_TTS">Sharing your real-time location with %1$s until you arrive.</string> <string name="CAR_MENU_START_JOURNEY_SHARING">Share journey</string> <string name="CAR_MENU_STOP_JOURNEY_SHARING">Stop sharing</string> The final promotional banner will belong to the always familiar Local Guides program. As usual, it's going to encourage users to contribute to Maps for points. The one interesting oddity is that these strings have "v2" in their names. It's possible this just means they are for a new set of promos, or this might hint at a revised version of the points program. I would expect the former, but it's at least worth acknowledging the latter is possible. code <string name="POINTS_V2_PROMO_TITLE">Reach new Local Guides levels</string> <string name="POINTS_V2_PROMO_TEXT">Now earn more points for your reviews, photos, edits, and adding new places.</string> <string name="POINTS_V2_PROMO_GOTO_STATS">SEE YOUR LEVEL</string> <string name="POINTS_V2_PROMO_OPEN_HELP">Learn more</string> A task list called "Nearby Need?" There's very little to go on for this topic, but it looks just weird enough that I suspect there's a feature brewing in there somewhere. A pair of new layouts were added with the name "nearby need," one of which defines the look of a list, and the other is for items in that list. There is also a single string with a related name and just the word "navigate" for text. <string name="NEARBY_NEED_NAVIGATE">Navigate</string> /layout/nearby_need_item.xml /layout/nearby_need.xml Based on this very limited amount of information, it does sound a little like a shopping list of sorts. Perhaps less like a grocery list and more like a list of chores or tasks – e.g. getting new tires on the car, picking up some materials for a weekend project, and buying new clothes. I would assume each item goes into a list and Google Maps will make it easy to navigate to the next nearest place where each of these things can be taken care of. I'm not actually sure if these are related, but there are also three new images to be found in the resources, and they certainly would fit with my theory. The first is for creating new tasks, the second is for completed tasks, and the final one is for "old" completed tasks. I suppose the old one might be for things a user did on previous days but hasn't removed from the list. This is all guesswork right now, but many people have been asking for ways to use Maps to get through chores, and this feels like the first hint of something like that. The one aspect that's not yet hinted at, but I certainly hope to see, is a feature that will sort tasks efficiently so people can choose the shortest (or fastest) route to get everything done. I'll keep watching and follow up when there are more developments. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 9.54.0 beta APK Mirror Download QR-Code Maps - Navigation & Transit Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app download downloads google maps maps notification channels saved places task list teardown subscribe ... Previous Story Nova Launcher beta brings Android O's notification dots ... Next Story Google Play promo codes are now available in 8 more countries Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments rndusrnm479461 The plus and tick icons aren't new though. They are used when you go to Your Contributions -> Check the Facts/Uncover Missing info. I think after all this time those two are still only for lvl 5 local guides... so yeah. Cody Toombs Right, the look of the images aren't new, but the files containing those images are. Or said more clearly, there are now multiple copies of those icons. mmark27 I sure would like there to be a "Work" and then a "Parking for Work" section for those that don't park right next to their office. Point being, if I want walking direction/estimations, give them from my office. If I want driving directions/estimations on time, know that I have to walk to my car, then drive from my parking location. The School addition will be good to finally have pop up automatically now though. Cody Toombs If you're not going to use all four slots for their intended purpose, you might just assign one of the others to be your work parking. Frankly, I would have liked these saved slots to have custom labels, since some people don't fit into this one shape. For example, I know somebody that has to travel to two different sites for the same job, and another friend that was enrolled in two different schools at the same time. It's not like one of these destinations can't go into the "Gym" slot, but it would be nice if the titles could make sense. mmark27 Right. I now have my "Work" location saved as my parking lot, which is silly, but it's the only way to get decent estimations. Your fix is what I'll be doing otherwise unless they fix it. The subtly though in this situation is El Goog knowing that the Work and Work Parking are linked existentially, so they can decipher where my body is and estimate from there, etc. Same can be said for Home and Home Parking if not directly on site. Would seem like Google's apartment-city-dwelling-first mentality would be more amenable to this off the bat. I agree that we should be able to have free labels on places and also as many places as we can stomach estimations/notifications on time to. Google knows where I am at all times....make it actually useful, guys. henleyb I work from home and Google would keep asking me to set my work address which is of course the same as my home address, it was a small but annoying thing. :) Cody Toombs I hated that for years. I've been working from home in one capacity or another for more than a decade and it took far too long to see Maps lighten up on having a different Work address. Austin Spangrud Sure would be nice if maps got integrated assistant into it. None of the commands and home commands that I have integrate with the Voice button in maps. Oh and In b4 where's my speed limit pop up Cody Toombs Speed limits are still limited geographically. Since I was in the Bay Area last week, I finally saw them pop up for the first time on my phone and in Android Auto. Funny enough, I now have a Speed Limit toggle in settings on one phone, but nowhere else :/ And now I'm probably not going to see the speed limits again for a long time. Paul_Werner Yeah and we used to have them and they disappeared. At least it did for me here in the Milwaukee, WI area. Same for when I travel to Chicago Nicholas Matranga Finally, it was so annoying to have to save my school address as my work address just to get commute updates. mike shwilly Grow up Maxr1998 Had to do the same, I'm very glad they implement this option now that I will have finished school in less then a month... (And haven't visited it for anything except a few exam-days since late April..) Hamilton Jimenez Vasquez Finally, Im glad that we can save more pinned-saved choices other than the usual Home and Work, although I would prefer to customize them on my own in the same manner we customize the saved list. I could make a really good use of few in my mind like Church, Work2, University, etc. Jon Xuereb Couldn't you use this school one for University Hamilton Jimenez Vasquez I used the word University just an example, the point is that it would be great to customize those pinned saves using our own creations. Taylor Hardy I work from comfort and ease of my property or home, through doing easy gigs that only takes from you a Computer and web connection and I am also joyful than before... After six months time in this project and also i got made in sum 36,000 usd... Basically I make near 80 bucks/hr and work for three to four hours every day.And excellent point relating to this work is that you can easily handle time and effort while you work and for how long as you prefer and you generate a paycheck per week........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now Paul_Werner I can't wait to see that "nearby need" implemented. Your guesswork on it sounds like it could be a really useful feature. h4rr4r Why are these static names? Why can't I add random strings and assign them saved locations? Ken Vincent what ever happened to speed limits? I thought that was on the verge of being a thing more then a year ago. UKTK8 "In the coming weeks" Meaning whenever Google d#$% well pleases. Jon Xuereb Lawyers I'm assuming dmo580 Yet Waze and other GPS apps have no issues. How about just displaying my current speed? Ken Vincent Not only that, but google provides speed limits as a service. I would imagine that is where Waze gets their speed limit info. https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/roads/speed-limits Jon Xuereb Because Google Maps is exponentially larger in terms of user base, and google is a bigger target for lawsuits Ken Vincent Waze is wholly owned by Google. They are not even an Alphabet company, they are Google. Jon Xuereb Still the size of the userbase affects the their risk assessment icyhotmike why not just let us add "Saved" locations such as Home and Work and whatever else we want? Damn Google in control of everything. makapav My God the Google apps and ecosystem are becoming such a clusterfuck with no sources of truth for data points. All the information is spread across random places. Richard Oldroyd I do use home a lot but for the others like gym I save as a contact and nav just as quick. Richard Oldroyd I'd love maps to display my current speed and advise what the speed limit is. Obviously they would have to add a warning saying they can not be held responsible for displaying an incorrect speed limit. I'd also like to see us be able to choose what is displayed underneath where they show destination time and miles to go, it would be useful to see arrival times at all stops not just the one you are currently naving to. Sathiya Moorthy Karan Really usefull information Regards, Sathiya Moorthy K developeit.net Jason List/Task ?? Why does Google keep messing with reminders/task ? Just create a dedicated reminders/task app already and move on. I hate that my reminders are spread out all over the place. Inbox, Calendar, Assistant, Keep. Get it together Google. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 130 queries | 0.621s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Lions 2017 French Open Cricket Boxing Formula 1 Racing Other Sports WWE UFC Rugby League Golf AthleticsExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Loans Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited Home Technology Apple Technology Android user? Apple's new 'Switch to iPhone' campaign wants to convert you The iPhone and iPad maker is pushing for more people to switch over from Google's Android phones  Share  Comments ByJeff Parsons 09:39, 30 MAY 2017 Technology Apple's Switch to iPhone campaign is targeting Android users (Photo: Apple)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Tech fans are divided over which system is better - Apple's iOS-running iPhones or the varied Android devices that use Google's OS. While Apple offers a uniform experience across its devices (and often a higher resale value) the Android phones are often cheaper. And as Google showed with its recent I/O conference, there's a lot of impressive features on Android devices like the Pixel phone. But ahead of its own developer conference - next week's WWDC - Apple has launched a new campaign dedicated to winning over Android users to iPhone. Read More We're Siri-ous: Google launches it's voice-controlled Assistant on your iPhone Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now The "Switch to iPhone" campaign has its own subsection on Apple's website where the company lays out how easy it is to swap over. Boldly claiming that "Life is easier on iPhone", the campaign has various questions and answers about why gadget fans might favour the fruit. There's also information on battery life, privacy and Apple's own commitment to environmental policies. Read More Android O: 5 key features of Google's new mobile operating system "There’s no need to save your stuff elsewhere before switching from Android. Just download the Move to iOS app from the Google Play Store and it securely transfers your content for you," explains Apple. Why does Apple want users to switch? When it comes to owning the mobile market, Android far outstrips Apple's iOS. That's because Google allows any manufacturer to use its software on its devices. That means whether its the high-end Samsung Galaxy S8 or low-price Moto X it still runs the same software, and Google gets the credit. Read More Google I/O 2017 keynote LIVE: Tech giant to announce updates to Android, Home and Daydream at annual developer conference Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now During its quarterly earnings calls, when Apple reveals its numbers to investors, one key factor is often how many users have switched from Android to iOS. poll loading Which mobile operating system do you use? 0+ VOTES SO FAR iOS Android Windows Phone "We saw the largest absolute number of switchers outside of Greater China that we've ever seen in the same period," Apple boss Tim Cook said at the last Apple earnings call. As Google continues to innovate with Android, Apple has to push hard to make sure it retains a decent segment of the mobile market. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple Google Android Pixel iOS iPad iPhone Technology all Most Read Most Recent ArchaeologyAstonishing 3D face of 10,000-YEAR-OLD African caveman discovered in Brazil could settle historic debate The relic, nicknamed Apiuna, was found deep inside a cave in Brazil some 50 years ago, Mirror Online can exclusively reveal FIFAWhen is Fifa 18 coming out? 2017 release date, price, where to buy and what leagues are being added EA Sports' all-conquering footy game is due a refresh and there are plenty of rumours about what's coming iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's flagship phone for 2017 Apple's iPhone 8 - which could be called the iPhone Edition or iPhone X - is expected to be the company's biggest smartphone launch in years Pokemon GoMagikarp Jump guide: Hints, tips and tricks on how to conquer the addictive new Pokémon game Are you hooked on the brand new Pokémon smartphone game? Here's how to become a Magikarp Jump champion OnePlusOnePlus 5: Price, UK release date, specs and rumours about the iPhone 7 rival The OnePlus 5 could be here in a matter of weeks - here's what we know so far ArchaeologyAstonishing 3D face of 10,000-YEAR-OLD African caveman discovered in Brazil could settle historic debate The relic, nicknamed Apiuna, was found deep inside a cave in Brazil some 50 years ago, Mirror Online can exclusively reveal London Bridge terror attackHow Facebook's Safety Check shows true spirit of capital in wake of London Bridge terror attack It went from a safety feature to a sign of the true spirit of the capital as it was flooded with offers of help Worldwide Developers ConferenceWWDC 2017 rumours: Siri speaker to be unveiled alongside iOS 11 and macOS 10.13 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Apple will announce3 its latest software developments at its annual developer event in June Worldwide Developers ConferenceWhen is WWDC 2017? Conference dates and how to watch Apple boss Tim Cook's keynote address Marking the start of the annual WWDC development conference is a speech from Apple's head honcho Mobile phonesThese new laws are coming in to force this summer including holiday data roaming charges, cricket and gambling But cheaper phone use could be reversed because Brexit could change everything when when the UK formally leaves the EU Most Read Most Recent WWEWWE Extreme Rules 2017 LIVE: Final card, results and updates Five men will battle for the right to face WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar LionsLions rescued from circus and flown to Africa to keep them 'safe' butchered in suspected witchcraft killing Male lions Jose and Liso were found with their heads severed and their paws hacked off for potions and charms Cristiano RonaldoCristiano Ronaldo celebrates Real Madrid Champions League triumph by getting BRUTAL new haircut The world's most famous footballer just shaved off all his hair. THIS IS NOT A DRILL, PEOPLE London Bridge terror attackMan flees London Bridge terror attack still holding pint of beer in his hand - and Brits couldn't be more proud The image has been shared thousands of times, with Brits defending it as using "our dark humour helping us to cope" London Bridge terror attackFamily of London Bridge terrorist killed by police say 'we just want to grieve in peace' The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children London Bridge terror attackCommuters face chaos around London Bridge as terror attack investigation continues Police said cordons put in place while officers carry out investigation work would remain "well into Monday" Manchester United FCManchester United transfer news and rumours: Red Devils 'prepared to pay more than £100m for Gareth Bale' PLUS: Antoine Griezmann confirms he will stay at Atletico...for now Liverpool transfer newsLiverpool transfer news and rumours: Roma owner responds to Mohamed Salah reports PLUS: Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is ready to snub Liverpool to stay at Arsenal WWEWWE Extreme Rules 2017 results as five men fought to face Brock Lesnar Titles changed hands and a Fatal 5-Way match determined the new number one contender One Love ManchesterIs Ariana Grande engaged? Singer confuses fans with ring on finger as she's supported by boyfriend at One Love Manchester Ariana, 23, and boyfriend Mac Miller performed together but the huge sparkler on her finger sent speculation into overdrive Top Stories London Bridge terror attackFamily of London Bridge terrorist killed by police say 'we just want to grieve in peace' The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children One Love ManchesterThe song that made Arianna cry: Star weeps as she closes One Love concert with Somewhere Over The Rainbow It was an emotional performance London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives London Bridge terror attack'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mum relives terrorists' cry before 'putting knife into her son' Daniel O'Neill was one of the scores of people attacked by three terrorists in the London Bridge area last night London Bridge terror attack“It was like a horror show": Traumatised drinker sees woman stumble into pub with blood spurting from her neck Jeff Witsey, 54, saw the young woman stagger into the The Mudlark pub after having her throat cut by terrorists TerrorismSecurity barriers installed at London bridges after terror attack killed seven and injured 48 Many have questioned why barriers weren't installed after the Westminster attack London Bridge terror attackSchoolboy feared he would die in terror attack and 'said goodbye to family and friends' Miles Clarke, 14, ran for his life as the three jihadis stormed the Black and Blue steakhouse in London Bridge London Bridge terror attackISIS claim responsibility for London Bridge terror attack which left 7 dead and 48 injured Three killers mowed down pedestrians by driving a van at high speed along the kerb across London Bridge London Bridge terror attackCommuters face chaos around London Bridge as terror attack investigation continues Police said cordons put in place while officers carry out investigation work would remain "well into Monday" London Bridge terror attackBlue Thunder choppers and police 'gunships': Inside crack SAS operation during London Bridge terror attack The Dauphin helicopters, dubbed Blue Thunder, dropped off two teams of eight heavily armed special forces troops London Bridge terror attackChilling video shows London Bridge terrorists calmly hunting for victims The harrowing images show the murderous trio stride past the Market Porter pub ahead of the second part of their killing spree that left seven dead and 48 injured One Love ManchesterAriana Grande says emotional meeting with mum of girl killed in bombing changed One Love gig The star said she cried when she hugged Olivia's mum ArchaeologyAstonishing 3D face of 10,000-YEAR-OLD African caveman discovered in Brazil could settle historic debate The relic, nicknamed Apiuna, was found deep inside a cave in Brazil some 50 years ago, Mirror Online can exclusively reveal FIFAWhen is Fifa 18 coming out? 2017 release date, price, where to buy and what leagues are being added EA Sports' all-conquering footy game is due a refresh and there are plenty of rumours about what's coming iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's flagship phone for 2017 Apple's iPhone 8 - which could be called the iPhone Edition or iPhone X - is expected to be the company's biggest smartphone launch in years Pokemon GoMagikarp Jump guide: Hints, tips and tricks on how to conquer the addictive new Pokémon game Are you hooked on the brand new Pokémon smartphone game? Here's how to become a Magikarp Jump champion OnePlusOnePlus 5: Price, UK release date, specs and rumours about the iPhone 7 rival The OnePlus 5 could be here in a matter of weeks - here's what we know so far SonyPlayStation 5: Rumours, price, release date and other news about Sony's latest video game hardware Is the PlayStation 5 real - or is it just a collection of internet myths? Here's what we know so far Sex robotsRealistic sex robots with customisable nipples that can quote Shakespeare to replace women in the bedroom The sex tech industry is already estimated to be worth $30 billion, and sex robots are expected to be the next big craze London Bridge terror attackHow Facebook's Safety Check shows true spirit of capital in wake of London Bridge terror attack It went from a safety feature to a sign of the true spirit of the capital as it was flooded with offers of help SnapChatThis simple trick will let you screenshot a Snapchat message without notifying the sender If you want to screenshot a Snapchat message without the sender knowing, all you need is this simple trick SmartphonesOne in six Brits store their passwords on their mobile phone - but only a third protect against hackers Many save passwords in the Notes app, while over a quarter save them as the name of the organisation in their contacts list SonySony Xperia XZ Premium: Release date, price and specs of Sony's new flagship smartphone Sony's latest device has a 4K HDR display an advanced camera technology capable of recording an incredible 960fps Mobile phonesThese new laws are coming in to force this summer including holiday data roaming charges, cricket and gambling But cheaper phone use could be reversed because Brexit could change everything when when the UK formally leaves the EU Worldwide Developers ConferenceWWDC 2017 rumours: Siri speaker to be unveiled alongside iOS 11 and macOS 10.13 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference Apple will announce3 its latest software developments at its annual developer event in June RobotsThis robot suit gives you an extra pair of arms to use at the office The MetaLimbs system lets wearers control two robot arms with their legs Samsung Inc.How waterproof is the Galaxy S7? We put Samsung's new smartphone to the test Samung's new Galaxy S7 smartphone went on sale today - so how waterproof is it really? Worldwide Developers ConferenceWhen is WWDC 2017? Conference dates and how to watch Apple boss Tim Cook's keynote address Marking the start of the annual WWDC development conference is a speech from Apple's head honcho Sex toysAnother sex toy has been HACKED - and this one has a camera on the tip The Siime Eye vibrator has a built-in torch and endoscope camera, allowing the user to "record and share" their experiences with a partner AnonymousAnonymous issues global #BDStheUS threat and demands Americans be BANNED from international travel In response to President Trump's efforts to curb immigration, the hactivists are urging countries to 'boycott, divest and sanction' the USA FacebookHow to find out if someone's been 'stalking' you on Facebook Maybe it's time to exercise a little restraint iPhone 7How waterproof is the iPhone 7? We put Apple's new smartphone to the test Apple's new iPhone 7 goes on sale- so how waterproof is it really? News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software The keyboard on Windows phones may be coming to Windows 10 PCs and tablets 1 hour ago Alleged Foxconn connection offers details on an array of future Apple products 1 hour ago Bethesda Game Studios is working on a free-to-play game 4 hours ago Microsoft may release three new versions of Windows 10 4 hours ago View all recent news The keyboard on Windows phones may be coming to Windows 10 PCs and tablets 1 hour ago Microsoft may release three new versions of Windows 10 4 hours ago Internal builds confirm Microsoft will remove Silverlight support for Windows 10 Mobile 9 hours ago Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing and first impressions Jun 3, 2017 View all Microsoft news LG G6 review: A solid, stylish Android phone that checks the right boxes 10 hours ago Google's Street View celebrates its 10th anniversary Jun 3, 2017 Those in Canada can now preorder Google Home Jun 3, 2017 KISS partners with Google to produce limited edition Pixel and Nexus cases Jun 3, 2017 View all Google news Alleged Foxconn connection offers details on an array of future Apple products 1 hour ago US tech firms pledge to meet Paris climate targets Jun 3, 2017 Images said to be of new iPhone show off large display, and rear Touch ID sensor Jun 2, 2017 Apple has paid out $70 billion to app developers since 2008 launch Jun 2, 2017 View all Apple news SafeInCloud 17.2.1 17 hours ago Nox App Player 3.8.3.0 18 hours ago Shotcut 17.06 19 hours ago FileZilla 3.26.1 [Update] Jun 2, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending LG G6 review: A solid, stylish Android phone that checks the right boxes 10 hours ago Review: The best of both worlds, Samsung's new convertible wireless charger May 24, 2017 Bluboo Edge review: A curved screen gimmick on an entry-level smartphone May 21, 2017 Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing and first impressions Jun 3, 2017 HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings $89 Raspberry Pi rival that runs Windows and Android shipping in August Jun 4, 2017 OnePlus releases an image that teases the size of the OnePlus 5 Jun 4, 2017 Microsoft may release three new versions of Windows 10 4 hours ago KISS partners with Google to produce limited edition Pixel and Nexus cases Jun 3, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get Pagico 8.7 for just $19.99 - 60% off via Neowin Deals Jun 2, 2017 Get this Complete Python Programming Bundle at 93% off via Neowin Deals - now just $79 Jun 1, 2017 Get this Unity System Samsung S8 Mount & Case Bundle for just $21.99 May 31, 2017 Get the Cisco CCNA Training Suite for just $39 via Neowin Deals May 30, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Check Point says Judy is "possibly the largest malware campaign found on Google Play" By Gurkaran Singh Neowin LLC @karansingh990 · May 29, 2017 with 16 comments After WannaCry's sizable impact on many Windows machines around the world, details have been revealed of a malware campaign targeting Android devices through the Google Play Store. The auto-clicking adware, named 'Judy', was discovered by the IT security firm, Check Point. It is estimated to have affected between 8.5 and 36.5 million users. One of the infected apps on the Play Store. Judy seems to be stemming from about 41 apps made by a Korean company. There are other apps from different developers that seem to share the infected code, but Check Point was unable to verify whether those third parties had colluded with the Korean firm. The malware relies on communication with its Command and Control server (C&C) for its operation. Check Point explained the working of Judy: To bypass Bouncer, Google Play’s protection, the hackers create a seemingly benign bridgehead app, meant to establish connection to the victim’s device, and insert it into the app store. Once a user downloads a malicious app, it silently registers receivers which establish a connection with the C&C server. The server replies with the actual malicious payload. The malware, then, uses [the] infected devices to generate large amounts of fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it. While now removed by Google, the apps were downloaded between 4.5 million and 18.5 million times before being taken down. All of these apps were updated recently, making it difficult for the security company to calculate Judy's exact impact and reach. It is also tricky to determine exactly when the malicious code was injected into the apps. The creator of the malware is a company named Kiniwini, registered on Google Play as ENISTUDIO corp. The company makes apps for iOS as well as Android. However, Judy's impact appears to be limited to only Android devices. Android is notorious for leaving a majority of devices hanging when it comes to security updates and while Google is taking steps to improve security on Android devices, and on its Google Play Store, there's clearly room for further improvement. Source: Check Point Tags Google Android Malware Judy Google play store Korea Android security Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story Microsoft fixes another 'potentially extremely bad' vulnerability found by Google researcher Next Story Get this Sinji Panoramic Smart WiFi Camera for just $59.99 via Neowin Deals Community Activity Refresh $89 Raspberry Pi rival that runs Windows and Android shipping in August in Front Page News Alleged Foxconn connection offers details on an array of future Apple products in Front Page News The keyboard on Windows phones may be coming to Windows 10 PCs and tablets in Front Page News Obtain IELTS, TOELF, GMAT, GRE, NEBOSH, PTE,( ieltscertified2017@yahoo.com ) in General Discussion F9: Dragon CRS-11 - ISS resupply (mission thread) in Science Discussion & News Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing and first impressions in Front Page News Corsair shows off $18,000 Concept Curve computer case in Front Page News Intel: 8th-generation 'Coffee Lake' Core processors offer 30% performance boost over 7th-gen in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories $89 Raspberry Pi rival that runs Windows and Android shipping in August Jun 4, 2017 with 22 comments OnePlus releases an image that teases the size of the OnePlus 5 Jun 4, 2017 with 10 comments Microsoft may release three new versions of Windows 10 4 hours ago with 8 comments KISS partners with Google to produce limited edition Pixel and Nexus cases Jun 3, 2017 with 2 comments Related Stories Arrow Launcher gets updated to version 3.5 for beta testers, adding a bunch of new features May 31, 2017 Tech support scams are now exploiting the WannaCry fiasco to trick users May 24, 2017 Google announces Play Protect, making Android security "more visible" to users May 17, 2017 Google releases May Android security update; new Pixel and Nexus factory images available May 1, 2017 Show Comments 16 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals Ivacy VPN: Lifetime Subscription $1,434.00 $29.99 98% off PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $89.00 85% off Cybersecurity Certification Mega Bundle $999.00 $69.00 93% off Infinity VPN $499.99 $55.00 89% off UltraBright 500-Lumen Tactical Military Flashlight: 2-Pack $100.00 $17.99 82% off review The best of both worlds: Samsung's new convertible wireless charger convertible review Bluboo Edge: A curved screen gimmick on an entry-level smartphone bluboo edge review codename 'northstar' Images emerge of Microsoft's cancelled 'Lumia 960' flagship lumia 960 catch up! A week of Essential Androids, Windows 10 Mobile PCs, and Winsider mayhem 7 days REVIEW The LG G6 is a solid, stylish phone that checks the right boxes lg VIDEO Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing lenovo First Xbox Insider build for Version 1706 rolls out to Alpha ring alpha ring Microsoft reveals the "next generation of Skype" across all major platforms skype Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Advertisement Home News Mobile PC & Tablet Operator Apps Gaming TV & Audio Accessories Home appliance Camera Digital Compare Mobile PC & Tablet Reviews Mobile PC & Tablet Apps TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories Gaming First Cut Gallery Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories Videos Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories App Web Gaming Product finder Mobiles Tablets Laptop Camera Tv Refrigetator forum Recharge Top 5 Mobile Pc & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera How To Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera App हिन्दी Home » News » Mobile » Asus ZenFone AR with 8GB RAM to land in US by July Asus ZenFone AR with 8GB RAM to land in US by July By: Meenu Rana, The Mobile Indian, New Delhi Last updated : Tuesday, May 30, 2017 - 13:33 Asus Zenfone AR is the second smartphone, after Lenovo Phab 2 Pro, which comes equipped with Google aspirational project, Tango. Earlier this month, we got to know that Google confirmed that Asus ZenFone AR will be arriving sometime later this summer. During an interview with Engadget, ASUS CEO Jerry Shen confirmed that the timeframe of Asus ZenFone AR unavailability in Taiwan and the US.  However, there is no information on the pricing of ASUS ZenFone AR smartphone. The Asus ZenFone AR will be available for purchase in US in July while it will go on sale in Taiwan in mid-June. It is also to be noted that the smartphone will be carrier-exclusive to Verizon Wireless. This is the first time that a US carrier will be selling a smartphone that's infused with Google's Tango augmented reality (AR) technology. Asus Zenfone AR is the second smartphone, after Lenovo Phab 2 Pro, which comes equipped with Google aspirational project, Tango. The smartphone also supports Google Daydream VR, which makes it the first smartphone to feature both Tango and Daydream technologies. For those who are not aware, Tango is a technology platform developed and authored by Google that uses computer vision to enable mobile devices, such as smartphones and tablets, to detect their position relative to the world around them without using GPS, while Daydream is Google's take on the high-quality mobile VR experience. Though Phab 2 Pro was the first device to come equipped with Tango it was let down with some mediocre specs, but the Zenfone AR is a true flagship device which comes with some insane specifications. The device comes with a 5.7-inch WQHD Super AMOLED display with a screen resolution of 2560x1440 pixels, which makes it an ideal device to run augmented reality apps. Under the hood, the Zenfone AR packs a Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor, which the company is optimised for Tango. Though Qualcomm unveiled its state-of-the-art Snapdragon 835 processor, Asus says that ZenFone AR was developed in close cooperation with Google to deliver the best Tango and Daydream experiences. The device is also the first to sport a whopping 8GB of RAM and the company has also promised that the device will come in different variants including a 6GB of RAM and storage option ranging from 32GB to up to 256GB. The smartphone comes with a 23-megapixel Sony IMX318 rear camera, with usual Tango sensors for motion tracking and depth sensing. The main camera also supports TriTech+ autofocus system, dual-PDAF, second-gen Laser Focus, and continuous focus. The rear camera supports 4-axis OIS (optical image stabilisation) as well as 3-axis EIS (electronic image stabilisation) for video recording alongside support for 4K video recording. The device comes with an 8-megapixel front camera and is backed by a 3,300mAh battery. The smartphone runs on the latest Android 7.0 Nougat and supports Hi-Res Audio, DTS virtual surround sound, and a 5-magnet speaker. ASUS Zenfone AR Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Tango Project Tango Lenovo ASUS Asus Zenfone AR available Asus Zenfone AR launch Asus Zenfone AR coming soon Asus Zenfone AR Tango Tango Asus Zenfone AR ASUS Zenfone AR US ASUS Zenfone AR Taiwan First Published : Tuesday, May 30, 2017 - 13:32 Advertisement Similar News Asus Zenpad 10 with Android Nougat announced in two variants Asus ZenPad 3S 8.0 unveiled with Android Nougat and 4680 battery Asus X00KD running on Android 7.0 Nougat and dual camera setup spotted Asus Zenfone Live vs Xiaomi Redmi 4 Asus Zenfone Live Review Asus Zenfone Live launched in India at Rs 9,999 Advertisement Hot Trend on TMI Exclusive: Yu Yureka Black to get Android 7.1.2 Nougat update immediately after its availability Nokia 6, Nokia 5 and Nokia 3 expected to launch in India on June 13 OnePlus 5 latest leaks reveal dual-camera setup and 3300mAh battery Nokia 6, Nokia 5 and Nokia 3 to receive Android O update: Report Nubia Z17 with Qualcomm SD 835 SoC, 8GB RAM launched Motorola Moto C with Android 7.0 Nougat launched in India at Rs 5,999 Advertisement Advertisement Product Finder Advertisement FOLLOW US ON Facebook Twitter Google Plus Youtube How To on TMI How to find your lost smartphone in India How to enable YouTube's built-in Dark Mode How to use your Android smartphone camera as webcam How to bring back the old WhatsApp Messenger: Step-by-Step Guide How to enable Google Assistant on your Android smartphone Latest on TMI 01 Exclusive: Yu Yureka Black to get Android 7.1.2 Nougat update immediately after its availability 02 Nokia 6, Nokia 5 and Nokia 3 expected to launch in India on June 13 03 OnePlus 5 latest leaks reveal dual-camera setup and 3300mAh battery 04 Uber adds thank you feature to its app 05 Nokia 6, Nokia 5 and Nokia 3 to receive Android O update: Report The Mobile Indian Latest Mobiles Sony Xperia XZ Premium Rs.59990 Yu Yureka Black Rs.8999 Samsung Galaxy S8+ 6GB Rs.74990 Panasonic Eluga I3 Mega Rs.11490 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 32GB Rs.16990 Samsung Galaxy J5 Prime 32GB Rs.14900 Advertisement   Know Us About Us Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Articles News Reviews How To Top 5 Device Finder Mobiles Tablets Laptop Camera TV Refrigetator CONTACT US Contact Us Copyright © 2017 the mobile indian.
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Asus ZenFone AR with Tango and Daydream support to launch in the US in July Asus ZenFone AR with Tango and Daydream support to launch in the US in July Asus' ZenFone AR, the world's smartphone to support both Google Tango augmented reality and Daydream mobile virtual reality platform, will be launched in the US in July. The smartphone was first announced at the annual CES trade show in Las Vegas this year. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Published:May 30, 2017 1:18 pm First announced at CES 2017 in January, Asus’ ZenFone AR is the world’s first smartphone to support both Google Tango augmented reality and Daydream mobile virtual reality platform. Related News Computex 2017: Asus ZenPad 3S 8.0, New ZenPad 10 tablets launched Asus Blue Cave antenna-less Wi-Fi router launched at Computex 2017 Computex 2017: Asus’ ZenBook Flip S, ZenBook 3 Deluxe and VivoBook Pro laptops launched Looks like Asus is finally ready to release the ZenFone AR in the market. The first smartphone to support both Google’s Daydream and Tango support will be launched in the US in July. The information has been revealed from a report by Engadget who spoke to Asus CEO Jerry Shen on the sidelines of the ongoing Computex tradeshow which is currently happening in Taipei. According to Shen, the ZenFone AR will first hit the company’s homemarket in June sometime around mid-June, followed by the US towards the end of June or early July. We already knew that the smartphone would be launching in the first-half of the year. At Google I/O 2017, the search engine giant confirmed that the ZenFone AR would finally launch sometime this summer. Verizon will be the only network provider in the US to carry the device (at least, for now). First announced at CES 2017 in January, Asus’ ZenFone AR is the world’s first smartphone to support both Google Tango augmented reality and Daydream mobile virtual reality platform. Lenovo’s Phab 2 Pro is the world’s first smartphone to come integrated with Google’s Tango, but it doesn’t support Google Daydream. Spec-wise, the ZenFone AR is powered by a Snapdragon 821 processor and 8GB RAM. There’s another variant of the device, featuring 6GB RAM. The phone also features a 5.7-inch Super AMOLED (QHD) display, and a 3300mAh battery. Given the fact that the smartphone is a Tango-ready device, it comes with three-cameras. The main camera on the rear offers a 23-megapixel Sony IMX 318 sensor with OIS and 4K video recording support and other two for motion tracking and depth sensing. Plus, it has an 8-megapixel rear-facing shooter on the front. The device runs Android 7.1 Nougat. Unfortunately, pricing of the phone still remains a mystery, but when asked if the ZenFone AR could be priced more than the Galaxy S8+, Shen replied that we wouldn’t dare to charge more than that. More Related News Asus Zenfone Live vs Xiaomi Redmi 4 vs Lenovo K6 Power: Key specifications and features Asus ZenFone Live with live beautification launched: Price and specifications For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: ASUS No Comments. Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MHT CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check score card now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE cut ties with Qatar; say it supports 'terrorism' J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora CBI raids underway at NDTV co-founder Prannoy Roy's residence OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Modi and Macron will always have Paris Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested SportsIndia vs Pakistan: Mother of all mismatches SportsWATCH: Wild celebrations after India register big win  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017 keynote: What time is livestream, how to watch and everything else to note Jun 05: Latest News GSLV Mk III, India’s heaviest satellite to be launched today WWE Extreme Rules Results: Samoa Joe becomes no. 1 contender for Brock Lesnar’s WWE Universal Championship CBI raids underway at NDTV co-founder Prannoy Roy’s residence Mexico election: Ruling party has preliminary lead in key state vote Reliance Jio tops chart in 4G download speeds in April again: TRAI report                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS US Edition Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Computex 2017 iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Project Scorpio Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Here’s what you should know about new Android-based ‘Judy’ malware Here’s what you should know about new Android-based ‘Judy’ malware By Chethan Rao Software   Yet another headache for Google Shares Malware and Android are quite synonymous for a variety of reasons. Given the versatility and openness of the Android platform, malicious apps can easily make their way into the Play Store. However, things are slightly different now with the introduction of Google Bouncer which screens every app for malware. However, some developers are clever enough to bypass this altogether and still have malicious apps on the Play Store. Earlier today, we discovered a new Android-based malware called “Judy”. The name stems from the app, “Chef Judy”. The app comes from Korean developer Kiniwini under ENISTUDIO Corp. The vulnerability was spotted by research and security firm Check Point. The developer apparently has a total of 41 apps on the Play Store that come with this malware. These apps have reportedly spread malware to nearly 36.5 million Android devices. So what does this malware do? Check Point claims that Judy basically creates fraudulent ad clicks on its apps to multiply revenues for the developers. The worst part is that the apps have been around for a couple of years now and were updated recently, telling us that the company has been fooling Google’s security system for a couple of years. The fact that it can completely surpass Google’s Bouncer system is worth pointing out as well.   Here’s what Check Point has to say on how Judy works - “Once a user downloads a malicious app, it silently registers receivers which establish a connection with the [Command and Control] server. The server replies with the actual malicious payload, which includes JavaScript code, a user-agent string and URLs controlled by the malware author. The malware opens the URLs using the user agent that imitates a PC browser in a hidden webpage and receives a redirection to another website. Once the targeted website is launched, the malware uses the JavaScript code to locate and click on banners from the Google ads infrastructure.” What now? Well, Google has now removed the malicious apps from the Play Store, so users no longer have to worry about stumbling across these apps accidentally. It’s important to note that these apps are available on iOS as well, but there have been no known reports of malware outbreaks. There are about 45 apps from ENISTUDIO Corp on the iTunes App Store right now. Forget WannaCry: hackers promise floods of tears with fresh malware Related news Nvidia shows off Max-Q for thinner and more powerful gaming laptops Gigabyte gives global launch-dates to its gaming laptops The MSI GT75VR Titan looks like the ultimate desktop replacement Not convinced yet? Apple still really wants Android owners to ‘Switch to iPhone’ See more Software news Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 2 The best free VPN 2017 3 New Nokia 3310 (2017) review 4 The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 has to have a 4K screen 5 OnePlus 5 leak tips it to be faster than the Samsung Galaxy S8 1 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 2 It doesn’t matter if you hate the new Nokia 3310, it’s already done its job 3 Kodi, VLC and other media players are open to malware attack via subtitles 4 Yes, Samsung Galaxy S8's iris scanner can be hacked – here's how 5 Huawei MateBook X review TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter AU politics US world science US politics business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › media home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Australian Broadcasting Corporation ABC robbing commercial media of revenue, Fairfax chief Greg Hywood tells MPs CEO steps up campaign against public broadcaster spending taxpayer dollars on Google and partnering with Netflix Greg Hywood says the ABC is ‘aggressively moving into the commercial media space’. Photograph: Dean Lewins/AAP Australian Broadcasting Corporation ABC robbing commercial media of revenue, Fairfax chief Greg Hywood tells MPs CEO steps up campaign against public broadcaster spending taxpayer dollars on Google and partnering with Netflix Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Amanda Meade Tuesday 30 May 2017 03.32 EDT Last modified on Tuesday 30 May 2017 06.07 EDT The ABC is robbing commercial media of revenue by spending taxpayer dollars on Google and partnering with Netflix, the chief executive of Fairfax Media, Greg Hywood, has told parliament. Hywood stepped up his campaign against the ABC using the search engine Google to promote its content and called on the government to take action against the national broadcaster “undercutting the competitiveness” of the Sydney Morning Herald and the Age. Fairfax chief Greg Hywood refuses to discuss pay deal at Senate hearing Read more “The ABC has been aggressively moving into the commercial media space competing for audience ‘eyes’ without the need to meet a commercial return – a significant advantage,” Hywood said in answers to questions on notice put to him at the journalism inquiry. “Additionally the ABC is now directing taxpayer funds to Netflix – a foreign-owned SVOD [streaming video on demand] operator instead of locally operated SVODs such as Stan – a joint Fairfax Media/Channel 9 operation. “Fairfax believes the ABC oversteps the mark and, deliberately or no, undermines commercial companies’ ability to sustain quality journalism. There is clear evidence to sustain such a view. It is not – as the ABC contends – simply commercial media whingeing.” Hywood gave evidence on day one of the Senate inquiry into public interest journalism this month and accused the ABC of stealing Fairfax traffic by “aggressively expanding” from television and radio into digital news and then paying Google to put ABC websites at the top of the search engine. Last week at Senate estimates the managing director of the ABC, Michelle Guthrie, answered Hywood’s accusations, saying the ABC needed to increase audience awareness of its content. “Would you prefer us to have this great journalism and not tell our audience about it?,” Guthrie said. “It seems to us that both the paid search and the social media marketing that we do are cost-effective ways of helping audiences locate content that is particularly hard to find or provides access to a depth of content that is appreciated by our audiences. Frankly, the amount of money that we are talking about is a very low proportion of our budget. I think about 0.2% of our budget is spent on total external marketing, and digital would be a portion of that.” ABC redundancy round targeting 120 staff has started, Michelle Guthrie says Read more Guthrie said she disagreed with Hywood’s claim that the ABC was undermining Fairfax’s business model. “I mean, we are not taking any advertising dollars out of the system at all. All we are doing is trying to attract audience to our content. It is not a zero-sum game. “We are actually in the market for an audience, and the audience has a lot of choices, as you know, now. They can go to the New York Times; they can go to Fairfax; they can go to a lot of different sites.” Hywood also urged the government to consider a tax write-off for people taking out subscriptions for both online and print media to help the local media companies compete with global giants such as Facebook and Google. Fairfax Media also suggested Canberra consider making a “more level playing field” through the taxation system. Topics Australian Broadcasting Corporation Fairfax Media Australian media Netflix Google Australian politics news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media selected crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Media › Australian Broadcasting Corporation AU politics US world science US politics business back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Update: Starts today] Google Assistant is coming to all Android 6.0 and above devices Rita El Khoury Follow View All Posts 2017/03/02 8:10am PDTMar 2, 2017 243 Plus 1 on G+ 833 Share on Facebook 222 Share on Twitter Total Shares1298 Google Marshmallow 6.0 News Nougat 7.0/7.1 Videos Update 1: 2017/03/02 8:14am PST And right on time, it looks like the Assistant rollout to non-Pixel Android M and N devices is starting today. Google already published a short YouTube video ad and a I guess it was bound to happen: Google Assistant is finally breaking free from the shackles of the Pixels and launching onto the millions of devices running Android 6.0 Marshmallow and above, no need for GApps or root. But this shouldn't come as a surprise to you. The signs were there all along. Despite being revealed as a Pixel exclusive on phones in the Android 7.1 changelog, Assistant has been available through Allo on all Android 4.1+ phones, announced for all Android TV 6.0+ devices, and was shortly enabled by mistake through an alpha version of the Google app on non-Pixel phones. Actually, it was that same alpha app that gave us plenty of hints that Assistant would be coming to more Android devices. Plus, we've known for a while that the new LG G6 should have the Assistant, which hinted, if not confirmed, that the Pixel exclusivity was not long for this world. And now the news is official in conjunction with the launch of the LG G6. Google says the Assistant will start rolling this week to Marshmallow and Nougat devices for English users in the US followed by Australia, Canada, and the UK, plus German speakers in Germany. More languages will be added later. It will replace Google Search, launching with a long press of the home button or the "OK Google" voice command. We don't know yet if it'll require an update to Play Services or if it'll be a server-side switch, but we'll sure update you either way. As for what you can do with Assistant, think of it as an evolution of Google Search and "OK Google," with a bit of added functionality like smart home controls, remembering things, and an open API developers can plug into. However, don't be surprised if you notice that Assistant on your phone is still oddly missing some features that Google Search has had for a while, like recognizing songs, reading messages, and adding items to specific Google Keep lists. The hope is that when Assistant launches on non-Pixels this week, it will truly replace Google Search and not lack any commands users have been issuing for years, or disappointment will ensue. The even bigger hope is that the fragmentation of what you can do with Assistant on phones, Home, Wear, and Allo (not to mention TV and Auto when they are available) will no longer exist. Well, one can dream. Update 1: 2017/03/02 8:14am PST And right on time, it looks like the Assistant rollout to non-Pixel Android M and N devices is starting today. Google already published a short YouTube video ad and a tweet to let everyone know this is happening now. Now rolling out to more @Android phones, it’s time to meet your #GoogleAssistant → https://t.co/tu9bGCgo7F pic.twitter.com/aeWdgBTJH1 — Google (@Google) March 2, 2017 Let us know if you've started seeing Assistant on your devices and check whether that involved a new Play Services version or was simply a server-side switch. Remember, the rollout is limited to English users in the US first, so you may not see it if you live overseas or if you have chosen another default language in your Google settings. End of Update Our MWC 2017 coverage is proudly sponsored by dbrand.com Source: Google Tags google assistant marshmallow mwc 2017 mwc2017 nougat pixel video subscribe ... Previous Story Popular prison escape game The Escapists comes to the Play Store ... Next Story Google may still make laptops after all, says Google Hardware SVP Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments ←  Older Comments  → Paden Rivers I have an idol 4, been waiting on assistant since this announcement​. Updated Google play services to highest I could but it wasn't working. Then I JUST cleaned the cache out for Google play services and Bam! I now have Google assistant. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6cb8c320d8f17d7df606268679b2367b91c0612375dda58cda3a03056300cbfa.png Paden Rivers Updated Google play services, cleared the app cache and Bam! Now have GA. On idol 4 no root. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6cb8c320d8f17d7df606268679b2367b91c0612375dda58cda3a03056300cbfa.png Joe Beach Just got assistant and reverted to Google Now instantly. I'm not looking for an experimental interactive experience Scarlett how do u revert back? Joe Beach Go to languages, choose English, then choose US Virgin islands. After that swap the Virgin islands to the top as primary. Then no more garbage assistant Scarlett it doesnt show that for me :/ Scarlett i just uninstalled all the updates on the google app, fixed it for me, not putting up with shitty assistant Joe Beach Doesn't work on pixel. Not sure what to do if that doesn't work SavageJeep Why? I hear people saying No On Tap or missing this but I have seen little functionality lost. Joe Beach Obviously everything is personal preference. To me a smartphone is a tool. I'm not going to start talking to ratchets and hammers or phones. I definitely don't want any of them to talk back to me. IMO all they need to do is put a switch in settings where you can choose Google Now over assistant​. This is an attempt to best apple in something but I think Siri is stupid, along with assistant. I'm not alone on this. It slows anything I want to do down also. SavageJeep Have you tried it. You don't have to talk to it if you don't want to. Go into Google via the app or the search bar and everything is the same, cards, weather, news... Manbir Maan 8 Am in India. I check my 6p and BAM! Got that GA😀 Satyapriya Satyarthi Finally got it on my moto G4 play (India). ACF05 Got it! Samsung galaxy s6 edge, Italy, english US. If you do not receive yet try to cancel the cache of play services. Simon Hooker Hi I am just letting you know I have the oneplus 3 running open beta 12 in the UK , and I have just received GOOGLE ASSISTANT OTA....thanks and regards... Geoff Cormier Got it on my AT&T LG G5 Norm Ostasiewski Got it today, 3/8. Nexus 6p in eastern US. Yay. Freddy De La Cruz same here. Noticed it last night, 3/7 David Marín One question, if I live in Spain but I have the mobile in English, will I have Google Assistant at the same time as in America or will I have to wait? Bala kumar As I understand from other users, the location doesn't matter as far the Device and Google app language is set to English US. But Google only knows WHEN you will actually get the Google Assistant. David Marín Thanks! Few minutes after read your comment I tried to launch Google Assistant and it's here! https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/748fea8f3e1369f434811749515ae82e104539d69504577854e7566a5c6c4ce1.png Bala kumar But still I didn't received it 😪😥 nasso Me neither Nexus 5X spain David Marín I replied you in you're other comment ;) David Marín Do you want the apks? Bala kumar Yup... If can ACF05 i live in italy and setting english US i reiceved the assistant, update the play servicies and clear the cache, next try... good luck David Marín Ok! Thanks! 2 minutes after read your comment I tried to launch Google Assistant and... IT'S HERE!!!! https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/748fea8f3e1369f434811749515ae82e104539d69504577854e7566a5c6c4ce1.png ACF05 Good! 😀 David Marín Yay! 😁😀 nasso What version do you have? Spain Nexus 5x and Play services v 10.2.98 what can i do? And set to english us David Marín Those ones (view the photos). If you want, I can share you the apks... I have an Aquaris U Plus an I have it so... Are you from Spain?! I was thinking that I was the only one😂😂 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0f9b6519116662c92ee5ecd82cfe2cbfb5a43f19afa46415772ed7873bc23e06.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/01b0a71a1100677fe25462a202f86a6a3a4f8d73281396afe871f9779315fac0.png nasso Do you have telegram? We can speak by there David Marín Yes I have, but I prefer to continue talking here to not make public personal data nasso No problem haha just received an Android update on my Nexus 5X later i'll tell you news nasso Nothing after the update i'll wait for this night David Marín Do you want that I share you my apks or Google Play Services and the Google App? nasso Yes please but are going to work on 64 bits processor? And i have the same Google APK David Marín Hmmm... I am running 32 bits software (the hardware support 64 but the software runs 32 bits), so I don't think so yet... nasso I only can wait i think but what happen first, the Play services update or assistant appears? David Marín Try to do this: https://youtu.be/gt9MTBWrTlg. After start, download TouchVPN to fake that you live in India. Good luck! wlkn Just arrived on my HTC 10 this morning. I just realized how much I use Google now :( Urmil Shroff #APKPLZ AbheySaini Got it in India! HD Where's Android Wear 2.0? Doby Gillis Who cares? Has nothing to do with this anyway. Daniel Krause AW 2.0 uses Assistant ;) Carlos David Got it on Ecuador! Yesterday updated to March security patch, maybe related. Cleared cache before rooted the phone, maybe clearing cache related too. Jeesan I got the assistant after uninstalling the updates from play services (after deactivation) and updating to current level. I am in India and using Nexus 5 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2bde0c886bdfbbde24709c418416c172f4921894531ae62ec1a4e0379b45e804.png Richard Mircea Thanks for the tip. Just got it myself this way. Jeesan Uninstall play services to factory level and update to current level again to get the assistant. In India, Nexus 5 EcE Did not work for me. Bala kumar What is your play services version? Bala kumar I believe it is being activated by Play Services version 10.2.99 & above. But manual installation via APK won't work. We need to get the update via play store. Above are just assumptions . Daniel Tiberius Automatically got it on my T-Mobile v20. Neato! BlackHawkRider . Finally got the google assistant on my phone. There was no notice regarding it. I just happened to press the home button to scan a text message and assistant popped out! Anyone else got the assistant yet? Austin Eschweiler My T-Mobile 6P got it last night, wasn't any update that I saw so it must have been server side. Matt I got Google Assistant in the UK after installing Play Services Beta and setting all language settings to US English. Restarting my phone a couple times and then leaving it alone for a little while. But I changed the language back to UK English and after about 30mins, it reverted back while I was using it! So if you get it and want to keep it don't revert back to your language (or UK at least) just yet. nasso How do you install Play services beta? I've joined to the beta a day ago and no updates yet Bala kumar You didn't got an update in Play Store since GOOGLE didn't flipped the switch yet for you... As I said in other comment, only GOOGLE knows WHEN you will get it... ACF05 Try to update the play services from apkmirror and to delete the cache of it. nasso What is the version i have to dowload? I've cleared the cache and rebooted at least 3 times ACF05 The last version, look in the menu of application of your device what version you have so you can see what apk you must install nasso Thanks a loot!! I've Google assistant!!!! Amaziiing ACF05 Great! 😀 ghostdroid1 Finally got it on my S7 edge yesterday! Scarlett is there a way to take off the google assistant to where if you long press the home button it sends you to google now? douglas gomes Hello. I can not activate Google assistant. I would like to know who has the Google app Beta and which version is it? Beatle Bailey So let me see if I've got this right according to reports... People got Nexus devices ostensibly to be first in getting all things new in Android. Of those people, many also enroll in beta programs to be at the forefront of innovation. It looks like those people are mostly still in the dark waiting for Assistant (including me) while Joe Shmoes everywhere are getting it on Motorola, Samsung, etc. devices. 🖕 Google. Blake Yep. How the Nexuses weren't first is kinda mind boggling. Still nothing on my 6P. Anel I got it yesterday, but after 1 hour it disappeared, now i can't activate again, it just doesn't show up? Any idea why Beatle Bailey Is your phone rooted by chance? Anel No, stock andorid 7.1.1 nexus 5x Anel No its not im stock Bala kumar Did you change the Phone language or Search Language? Anel I didnt touch nothing, its weird isn't it? Anel No i didn't change anything,, strange geeq i just hate google for the fragmentation of android, now GA, still no waze for android auto... i wish there would be a decent win10 phone with "auto" features, waze, all the google apps like maps, streetview, gmail, etc... ×XWreckTeamX× I know at least 10 people that have it and I checked one of their phones to see if it was a different version on the google app but it was the same as mine Beatle Bailey I'm curious, are you're rooted? I'm starting to wonder if being rooted disqualifies devices for Google Assistant. Like how Android Pay doesn't work on rooted phones. ×XWreckTeamX× No I'm not at&t 7.0 S7 edge Henboy10 I wonder if my Nexus 7 running Android M will get it Ernie Still nothing on my Nexus 6p!!!! Blake Same...It's getting ridiculous. Rob Haven't got it yet :( Marty Some other sites have related Google Assitant to a Google Play Services update, but I don't believe it is. I have GA on my N5X with GPS version 10.2.98. I extracted that GPS as an APK and installed it on another device but GA isn't working on the other device. Ernie Update: Just got it after I got the new Google app beta!!! Marty So far it's working on one of my phones that I moved the Google app to System before installing the Google beta app. I guess it's hit and miss, though, because I did this to another phone and GA isn't working on it. Bala kumar Finalllllyyyyyyyy I got the GA. Just minutes back got an update for Google App beta. May be coincidence...? I didn't clear any app cache, didn't restart the phone... Nothing... Just pop up when I did a screen search.☺️💐 I can say "Google just flipped the switch ON for my device" TannoV I'm an English user in the Netherlands, and it's available to me. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/bcd9c327d79f009bcd9e1807db260db7a8366e766e2a7439b526f6ec28e46826.png David Marín For all the people who don't have Google Assistant yet, try to do this: https://youtu.be/gt9MTBWrTlg. After start, download TouchVPN to fake that you live in India. Good luck to all you! Ktoś It's a bit annoying that you can't select a desired local only for google assistant... (I'm Polish, I have all my devices in Spanish for learning purposes and have google search set to use English(primary), Spanish and English) and… I got the assistant when I switched UI to English US (which has another awful feature of using am/pm ;) ) but after playing for a while I've reverted back... because google now seems more usefull… sergey a Yeah. Got it as well here in Russia. But sure what to do with it though. It is weird to speak with the phone IMHO. 😂 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c2964c7d5f2b70be724555503e8d93d1e0fad5c54c973a3d3b308dc0ce1df9b6.png cinval It just turned up on my 5X here in Norway :) cinval Just got it on my Honor 8 in Norway 🇳🇴 but it hasn't arrived yet on my 6P.. Mohammed G. Mansi Finally got it! Nexus 6 7.1.1, signed up for the google app and google play services beta, updated them, cleared data for both apps, restarted the phone, tried, nothing, google app setting, voice, set up google assistant, tried again, vualla :D Gabriele Di Bernardo How did you get 7.1.1 on the Nexus 6? I have been waiting and waiting but currently I have 7.0 Mohammed G. Mansi I flashed the ota manually.. I always do that instead of waiting months for the update to arrive on my phone, it's easy and doesn't reset my phone, so why not? :) Mohammed G. Mansi Guys I just tried it on my wife's phone,I just cleared google app data (all data not just the cache) tried and it worked! She has a Samsung Note 5 6.0.1 Paul Schmidt Just noticed that Google Now had automatically upgraded to Assistant on my LG G3 on Verizon. I am on Play Services 10.2.98 Blake Lol I STILL don't have it on my 6P. Kinda don't care at this point though. But it's weird. Yakuzah Love to know where this feature is, because I still don;t have it enable on my Nexus 6p Gabriele Di Bernardo Press and hold home button ('O' Button) and Google Assistant will open. Was issued with their latest update. I have it on my Nexus 6 with android version 7.0 which I understand will be upgraded to 7.1.1 Harshal Soni I join the beat update of Google app and Google Play services but still I am not able to get the assistant on the launch it just go to the normal search Bar of the Google. I am using the Vivo v5 and this process was made on it. Plz give me reply Manos Striligkas Guys I have a Huawei P8 Lite with android 5.1 that I recently updated to 6. Though there is no google assistant. Why is that? Can you help me out? metz2000 Still not available on Nexus 5. I have it on 5X but not on 5. Amit Kukreja Google Assistant is not received my device name is Samsung Galaxy J5 I tried all t methods but nothing work can anyone help me but I want Googleassistant without root guys help me My device j5 2015 Running on marshmallow 6.0.1 1.5b ram 720p resolution Amit Kukreja https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/50bb8f0a83fdf8978ff41a18064b118a970650926b23c99a0f98e32ed55d918b.png ←  Older Comments  → Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 132 queries | 0.409s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Menu Television TV Shows Animation Awards Thriller Talent Reality Mythological Documentary Crime Comedy Drama Series Factual Food Fiction TV Channels Regional People News Broadcasting Specialised and Niche Sports Viewership Terrestrial Music and Youth Movie Channels English Entertainment Kids GECs Factual & Documentary Production House TV Commercial Post Production Online Content Non-Fiction Film Production Documentary Fiction Cable TV People Local Cable Operators DAS Multi System Operators DTH DTH Operator DTH Services People Regulators People I&B Ministry High Court Supreme Court TDSAT TRAI MAM Marketing Brands Above The Line MAM Below The Line Media and Advertising Sponsorship Ad Campaigns AD Agencies Account Event Agencies Digital Agencies Out Of Home People Media Agencies Satellites Insurance Satellite Launches Satellite Operators Teleports iWorld Video On Demand Telecom Broadband Social Media Pay-Per-View e-commerce eNews Over The Top Services IPTV Gaming Movies Short Films Regional Movies On Mutiple Platforms Documentary Hindi Hollywood International Independent Box Populi Technology ces Hardware Headend Equipment Set-top Boxes Uplinking & Downlinking Distribution Components Software Firmware Middleware Applications Resources Education insitutes Education Channels forums History Producers Media agencies Legal and Policies Jobs Cable TV MSOs Address Book Ad sales agents Ad agencies Satelite Reckoner Shooting floors TRAI Technology suppliers Studios DTH Specials Event Coverage IBC2016 VidNet ASIA TV FORUM Content Hub Ficci Frames Filmart Golden Globe Awards ICC WORLD CUP IDOS Mipcom Miptv MixRadio Music Connects News Television Summit Occasions Budget Budget 2000 Budget 2001 Budget 2002 Budget 2005 Budget 2014 Budget 2015 Budget 2016 Budget 2017 Year Enders Our events MAM DigitalF5 acquires Google specialist AdClear, aims for Delhi dominance 30 May, 2017 - 11:24 AM IST     |     By indiantelevision.com Team     MUMBAI: DigitalF5, the leading digital innovator with vast expertise in the domains of Design & Content, Marketing and Technology, recently acquired AdClear, a Google Partner Company specializing in the domain of performance digital marketing. Incepted in February 2017, AdClear, despite being a new entrant, has equipped itself with an emphatic understanding of the performance marketing domain and has established a strong foothold in the market of New Delhi. AdClear founder member Ajay Anand’s 14+ years of industry experience and the organization’s domain specific expertise will definitely help to widen the reach of DigitalF5 in New Delhi, where it aims to augment its market share. Ajay Anand, a Google certified professional, GNIIT and an M.B.A from Sikkim Manipal University, has utilized his core technical as well as marketing knowledge impeccably over a vast and illustrious professional career spanning more than 14 years. He has served as Director of Digital Marketing at DAMAC Properties, UAE where he was responsible for the entire digital functioning such as sales channel, lead generation from paid and organic online media, e-commerce, analytics and social content marketing. Prior to that, he served as General Manager- Digital Marketing at Times Internet, the largest online group in India, which deals in a plethora of digital services ranging from online news, e-commerce, music, video, daily deals and location-based services. This role was a huge learning curve for him as he was responsible for the entire SEO, SEM, Mobile App Marketing, App Store Optimization, Web Analytics, Mobile Analytics, Social Media Marketing, Online Media Buying, Affiliate Marketing etc. for various verticals of Times Internet. Commenting on being a part of DigitalF5, Ajay said, “Digital F5 is an established brand with a proven track record & an impressive digital footprint. Furthermore, it brings acceleration to AdClear which is an early stage startup. I am very excited to be a part of Digital F5 and look forward to leading its growth in Delhi.” Post the acquisition, Ajay will be designated as a Founder and Business Head-Delhi and will be one of the partners, the others being Barin Mukherjee and Ravi Dubey, the founders of DigitalF5. Ravi Dubey said, “We believe mutual cooperation and understanding brings out the best results when two solid entities merge and that is exactly what we are looking forward to by joining forces with AdClear. With the clear goal of the next 1 year being allocated to widen the reach of DigitalF5 in New Delhi, together we will build a talented and efficient team and acquire new business while enhancing our skill and resource strength.” Some of AdClear’s key clients will also be a part of the acquisition. These include Indian Express, LivPure.in, MyDreamHoliday.in, Cybex.in and Translabinnovations.com. With the coming together of DigitalF5 and AdClear and the accretion of their respective strengths and deep insights, the digital marketing arena can surely expect a major powerhouse in the making. tags DigitalF5AdClearAjay AnandRavi DubeyBarin Mukherjee Trending Dear Maya....Meandering malady! Star World exits & AXN enters Top 5 list, Sony Pix slips two slots Hanuman Da' Damdaar....Kid stuff Kirloskar campaign recognises 'smile of joy' O&M wins a black & max Kyoorius blues, FCB, BBDO, BBH & DDB bag a handful   Latest Reads mCube: Star, Zee, Filmfare, NDTV, WATConsult, AdLift & Patanjali win awards AdLift, a global digital marketing agency with offices in the US and India, has won two gold awards at Master of Modern Marketing Awards and Conference at New Delhi. YouTube sensation Pammi Aunty entertained and educated the audience when he joined the session on influencer marketing with AdLift... MAM Marketing MAM 04 Jun, 2017 O&M wins a black & max Kyoorius blues, FCB, BBDO, BBH & DDB bag a handful Kyoorius announced the winners of the Kyoorius Creative Awards 2017 at DOME@NSCI in Mumbai on 2 June. MAM Marketing MAM 02 Jun, 2017 Kirloskar campaign recognises 'smile of joy' Leading industrial engineering group, Kirloskar Group has been a silent yet successful enterprise touching the lives of many Indians every day. The brand is salient, and awareness about the group is quite high. However, what is not so well known is the fact that the brand touches our lives and it... MAM Media and Advertising Ad Campaigns 02 Jun, 2017 DHFL Pramerica feted as 'Marketeer of the Year' at Annual Insurance India Summit MUMBAI: DHFL Pramerica Life Insurance was felicitated as the Marketeer of the Year 2017 at the 2nd Annual Insurance India Summit and Awards 2017 for delivering a full mix Marketing program for Dengue Shield. MAM Marketing MAM 02 Jun, 2017 ASSOCHAM & Videocon pledge GST summit across 200 towns MUMBAI: In a view to generate awareness and educate retail partners around GST implications, ASSOCHAM and the leading Consumer Electronics and Home Appliances Company, Videocon, organized the first-of-its-kind GST Summit for traders. The daylong ASSOCHAM Videocon GST Summit for traders witnessed... MAM Marketing Brands 02 Jun, 2017 Nissan India launches IGNITE 2.0 campaign MUMBAI: Nissan India has launched the second phase of its IGNITE brand campaign with a focus on car enthusiasts ahead of the upcoming International Cricket Council (ICC) Champion’s Trophy tournament. A new TVC featuring John Abraham and Sushant Singh Rajput for the IGNITE 2.0 campaign was rolled... MAM Media and Advertising Ad Campaigns 02 Jun, 2017 Life is a beautiful sport, says Lacoste campaign MUMBAI: Lacoste presents the brand film “Timeless” at the heart of a new advertising campaign. Broadcast around the world, the campaign will be shown on TV, online, and outdoor. The campaign is accompanied by digital ads and bumpers. MAM Marketing MAM 02 Jun, 2017 Sonam to showcase Kalyan's Ziah collection Kalyan Jewellers, India’s most trusted and leading jewellery brand, has launched Ziah - Infinite Sparkles, an exquisite range of diamond jewellery, which recreates the perfect look of Solitaires. MAM Marketing Brands 02 Jun, 2017 betterU ropes in Chris Gayle as brand ambassador betterU, India’s largest online marketplace for education, has announced that Chris Gayle, cricketer from the Indian Premier League (IPL), has joined betterU’s Brand Ambassador programme in the company’s effort to continue to grow awareness and draw attention to the importance and personal value of... MAM Marketing Brands 01 Jun, 2017 Gallery The content Paradigm 25 Aug, 2016 The Customer: Vidnet 2016 25 Aug, 2016 Proud winners at the NT Awards 2016 04 Jul, 2016 A night to remember: NT AWARDS 2016 - Part 2 30 Jun, 2016   Latest News Load More Subscribe Newsletter TVLinx | ADLinx | Archive What to Read Next DTH subscriber growth slows down even further BENGALURU: Despite the information and broadcasting (I&B) ministry extending the deadline for phase IV of cable television digitisation by three months to 31 March 2017, owing to the “unsatisfactory progress of installation of set top boxes (STBs) in phase IV areas”, reports submitted by the carriage industry indicate that subscriber additions in the extended period have been low. DTH DTH Operator 05 Jun, 2017 Which Indian show has 400m viewers across 50 countries? Television TV Channels Terrestrial 05 Jun, 2017 Powering television with voice-based search Technology Software Applications 05 Jun, 2017 ISRO gears up for GSAT-19, GSLV Mk III launch today Satellites Satellite Operators 05 Jun, 2017 SonyLIV leverages Clevertap to gain greater understanding, segment, engage & track users iWorld Video On Demand 05 Jun, 2017 More News RJ Naved moves from 'Mirchi Murga' to 'The Naved Khan Show' Watch Anton Kubikov's cool video for 'North' from his upcoming LP 'Whatness' Heren turns up the heat with his summer anthem 'One Life' Source By Radioandmusic.com Honeymoon drama to kick start in Bhaag Bakool Bhaag Mumbai- home away from home for TV actors Congrats! Kriti Sanon is the Insta Queen of the week! Source By Tellychakkar.com Kyriediculous: NBA Champion, Kia NBA All-Star MVP, and Cover of NBA 2K18 Mist VFX Studio Pvt Ltd MIP China paves way for increased sino-international TV content Source By Animationxpress.com Editor's Choice DTH subscriber growth slows down even further DTH Operator 05 Jun, 2017 Which Indian show has 400m viewers across 50 countries? Terrestrial 05 Jun, 2017 Powering television with voice-based search Applications 05 Jun, 2017 ISRO gears up for GSAT-19, GSLV Mk III launch today Satellite Operators 05 Jun, 2017 SonyLIV leverages Clevertap to gain greater understanding, segment, engage & track users Video On Demand 05 Jun, 2017 Articles By Category News Headline Executive Dossier Comment Special Report Research Case Study Genre Primer Financials Reviews Events Promos & Campaigns Press Release Sign up for our Newsletter subscribe for latest stories Facebook Twitter YouTube Linkedin RSS Television Cable TV DTH Regulators MAM Satellites iWorld Movies Technology Resources Specials Our events About Privacy Disclaimer Advertise Contact Us 2017 @ Copyright Indiantelevision Dot Com Pvt Ltd. All rights reserved.
We're Sorry eNCA does not support the browser you are using. Please update Internet Explorer to version 11 or higher, or download and install the Google Chrome browser No thanks I'll take my chances ... click here to view eNCA.com in this browser. 21 °C 6 °C Johannesburg, South Africa 23 °C 7 °C Pretoria, South Africa 22 °C 10 °C Cape Town, South Africa 22 °C 12 °C Durban, South Africa 23 °C 9 °C Mbombela, South Africa 21 °C 4 °C Bloemfontein, South Africa 23 °C 8 °C Polokwane, South Africa 20 °C 13 °C Port Elizabeth, South Africa 22 °C 13 °C East London, South Africa 27 °C 11 °C Upington, South Africa 24 °C 6 °C Mahikeng, South Africa Change City Johannesburg Pretoria Cape Town Durban Mbombela Bloemfontein Polokwane Port Elizabeth East London Upington Mahikeng Newsletters News Stream TV Guide Story WATCH: 'Covfefe' meets Trump Story MAP: Terror attacks in Britain Story WATCH: Karoo Brenda Fassie jive goes viral Top Stories Video Radio South Africa Africa World Money Sport Technology Life Opinion Weather Interviews Podcasts Comment Now! Google linking online and offline worlds in new ad challenge Technology Tuesday 30 May 2017 - 7:58am File: Real-world customer email addresses or loyalty plan information can be woven with Google data from services such as AdWords. Photo: . REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Files SAN FRANCISCO, United States - Google is testing a way to tie online ads to brick-and-mortar store purchases, a move whetting marketing appetites while fueling privacy worries. A product currently described as a "store sales measurement solution" was unveiled at a marketing conference this month in San Francisco by the internet giant. Google has long been able to determine when users click on ads and make purchases, but linking online and offline habits takes its analytics a step further. The store sales management solution is in test mode with a limited number of partners and will be rolled out to more advertisers in coming weeks, according to Google, which touted the tool as being able to answer the long-challenging question of whether marketing campaigns are working. READ: Ads added to Instagram Stories Real-world customer email addresses or loyalty plan information can be woven with Google data from services such as AdWords to provide a "complete view" of marketing performance, according to the company. Using artificial intelligence, or machine learning, to better analyze and understand consumer behavior to target ads and promote sales was a major theme of the conference. Ad 'holy grail' For several years now, AdWords has enabled advertisers to measure visits to real-world stores stemming from online campaigns, according to Google senior vice president Sridhar Ramaswamy. "Still, measuring store visits is just one part of the equation," Ramaswamy said. "You also need insights into how your online ads drive sales for your business." Real-world transactions matched back to Google ads are handed in a "secure and privacy-safe way," with store sales information reported in aggregated and anonymized forms to protect individual privacy, according to the company. Tying online activity to offline shopping decisions has been a "holy grail" for advertisers for quite some time, and comes with worrisome privacy implications, according to ACLU senior policy analyst Jay Stanley. The capability threatens to intrude on a core tenant of privacy: that people can have dealings with one party not spill over into affairs with other parties they interact with, Stanley contended. "This is an evolution, not a revolution; another step toward increased monitoring of individuals," Stanley said. "Each step raises the question 'Where does this all stop?'" READ: Google allows users to share their locations in mapping app Stanley expected Google to be on its best behavior when it came to handling the growing trove of information about users, but that even the best of intentions could crack under the "enormous hydraulic pressure of the profit motive." "We have the full fury and genius of the capitalist system being driven toward monitoring people in ever increasing detail and companies are competing to do so," Stanley said. "It will not stop without some sort of rules in which we as a society express our values through legal protections." More tempting ads? Google and Facebook dominate the online ad world, and what one does to prove its worth to advertisers is likely to be copied by the other, according to Silicon Valley analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group. The measurement tool being tested promises to give Google a way to assure advertisers they are getting their money's worth at the firm's online venues. "The big problem is that showing conversion from ad consumption to purchase has been horrible," Enderle said of online marketing. "This has been a problem for a long time. Google is trying to make a metric so they get credit for it when you do purchase after viewing an ad." Data showing which ads are translating into real sales should mean that the relevance of ads people see online will improve as marketers abandon misaimed or ineffectively tailored messages, the analyst reasoned. "You are going to be hit with ads for things that you might actually want to buy, so you are going to spend a lot more money," Enderle predicted. READ: Creating advertising that resonates with South Africa's consumers Worries about privacy sparked by linking offline and online activities are a decade or so late, because the time to protest was when collection began of the troves of data about people, the analyst argued. "There really is no downside to this application," Enderle said while discussing Google's marketing metrics move. "This is the good side of collecting data; it is what else is being done with the data that should be unnerving and that we really don't know." AFP Comment Now! Discussion Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES Google allows users to share their locations in mapping app 22 March 2017 The feature is part of an array of new tools aimed at boosting the effectiveness of Google Maps, which analysts say is critical to the company’s ambitions in commerce and transport Ads added to Instagram Stories 12 January 2017 Instagram is bringing advertising to its Instagram Stories feature, which now has 150-million daily users. Creating advertising that resonates with South Africa's consumers 05 December 2016 Year after year since its inception in 1926, FCB has delivered campaigns that resonate with South Africa’s consumers. Trending 1Beyond toxic Karabos mother speaks of loss and heartache 2Karabo Mokoenas mother speaks to Checkpoint about her loss and heartbreak 3WATCH: Musa Mseleku, wives talk about Love and Polygamy 4WATCH: Melania Trump flicks away The Dons hand 5Karabo Mokoenas mother speaks to Checkpoint about her loss and heartbreak Full coverage Extreme weather in SA Massive storm bears down on W Cape ANC succession race We want a woman to lead ANC, it is enough: ANCWL Terror in London 12 arrested after 'evil' London terror attack Lesotho's uncertain future Probe into soldiers at Lesotho voting stations View All Cartoon Currencies Commodities JSE Indices US Dollar 12.8428 0.0513 GB Pound 16.522 0.0938 Euro 14.4661 -0.0072 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. ICE Brent Crude $ 49.95 -0.89 Gold $ 1280.63 0.37 Platinum $ 950.5 0.05 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. FTSE/JSE Top 40 46522.53 0 FTSE/JSE All Share 52889.69 0 FTSE/JSE Resource 10 30350.86 0 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. SECTIONS Top Stories South Africa Africa World Money Sport Life Technology Opinion SHOWS #Africa Against All Odds BackChat CheckPoint eNCA Afrikaans eNCA isiZulu eNews Direct eShibobo Judge For Yourself Maggs on Media Meet the Media with Eusebius Mckasier Moneyline The Justice Factor The Clinch Week In One ABOUT About Contact Jobs News Team Privacy Policy Press Releases Licensing Discussions Policy Advertise on eNCA.com WATCH US ON DSTV 403 e.tv africa eNews Direct eNuus Kyknet FOLLOW US ON Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feeds © 2016 eNews Channel Africa. All rights reserved NEWS STREAMclose View All News Stream 0 eNCA.com would like to send you push notifications. Notifications can be turned off any time in your browser settings. Yes, please. No, thanks. You have been registered for browser notifications Click here to find out how to turn notifcations off in browser settings. Close
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Monday | June 05, 2017 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest Jun 05, 03:04 am India thrash sloppy Pakistan by 124 runs Jun 05, 03:02 am Two-goal Ronaldo keeps Madrid kings of Europe Jun 05, 03:01 am Zidane joy as Madrid reign supreme Jun 05, 03:01 am Nadal motors into quarters, champion Muguruza exits Jun 05, 03:00 am Rain disrupts second match of T20 series Jun 05, 02:59 am London attacks: Champions Trophy to continue under tight security Jun 05, 02:58 am Australia have no room for error against B’desh Jun 05, 02:55 am Sri Lanka skipper banned for two ODIs   Google linking online and offline worlds in new ad challenge May 30, 2017, 11:46 am SHARE : Reuters Tweet Google is testing a way to tie online ads to brick-and-mortar store purchases, a move whetting marketing appetites while fueling privacy worries. A product currently described as a "store sales measurement solution" was unveiled at a marketing conference this month in San Francisco by the internet giant. Google has long been able to determine when users click on ads and make purchases, but linking online and offline habits takes its analytics a step further. The store sales management solution is in test mode with a limited number of partners and will be rolled out to more advertisers in coming weeks, according to Google, which touted the tool as being able to answer the long-challenging question of whether marketing campaigns are working. Real-world customer email addresses or loyalty plan information can be woven with Google data from services such as AdWords to provide a "complete view" of marketing performance, according to the company. Using artificial intelligence, or machine learning, to better analyse and understand consumer behaviour to target ads and promote sales was a major theme of the conference. Ad ´holy grail´ For several years now, AdWords has enabled advertisers to measure visits to real-world stores stemming from online campaigns, according to Google senior vice president Sridhar Ramaswamy. "Still, measuring store visits is just one part of the equation," Ramaswamy said. "You also need insights into how your online ads drive sales for your business." Real-world transactions matched back to Google ads are handed in a "secure and privacy-safe way," with store sales information reported in aggregated and anonymised forms to protect individual privacy, according to the company. Tying online activity to offline shopping decisions has been a "holy grail" for advertisers for quite some time, and comes with worrisome privacy implications, according to ACLU senior policy analyst Jay Stanley. The capability threatens to intrude on a core tenant of privacy: that people can have dealings with one party not spill over into affairs with other parties they interact with, Stanley contended. "This is an evolution, not a revolution; another step toward increased monitoring of individuals," Stanley said. "Each step raises the question ´Where does this all stop?´” Stanley expected Google to be on its best behaviour when it came to handling the growing trove of information about users, but that even the best of intentions could crack under the "enormous hydraulic pressure of the profit motive." "We have the full fury and genius of the capitalist system being driven toward monitoring people in ever increasing detail and companies are competing to do so," Stanley said. "It will not stop without some sort of rules in which we as a society express our values through legal protections." More tempting ads? Google and Facebook dominate the online ad world, and what one does to prove its worth to advertisers is likely to be copied by the other, according to Silicon Valley analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group. The measurement tool being tested promises to give Google a way to assure advertisers they are getting their money´s worth at the firm´s online venues. "The big problem is that showing conversion from ad consumption to purchase has been horrible," Enderle said of online marketing. "This has been a problem for a long time. Google is trying to make a metric so they get credit for it when you do purchase after viewing an ad." Data showing which ads are translating into real sales should mean that the relevance of ads people see online will improve as marketers abandon misaimed or ineffectively tailored messages, the analyst reasoned. "You are going to be hit with ads for things that you might actually want to buy, so you are going to spend a lot more money," Enderle predicted. Worries about privacy sparked by linking offline and online activities are a decade or so late, because the time to protest was when collection began of the troves of data about people, the analyst argued. "There really is no downside to this application," Enderle said while discussing Google´s marketing metrics move. "This is the good side of collecting data; it is what else is being done with the data that should be unnerving and that we really don´t know." Tweet More by Reuters RELATED NEWS May 29, 2017 Google linking online and offline worlds in new ad challenge November 17, 2012 UN for building tolerance and countering extremismSPECIAL CORRESPONDENT UNITED NATIONS - UN ... May 22, 2010 Blackberry services go offline October 25, 2011 Garbage Bank third worlds solution to first worlds problem MORE IN SNIPPETS June 05, 2017 Slovenia’s ‘eco-hero’ who crushed a cement giant June 05, 2017 What’s inside the ‘pit of Mars’? June 05, 2017 Vet hunts for new homes for 200 abandoned stick insects June 05, 2017 Calf born with ‘human facial features’ attracts crowds of villagers Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented Mashal Khan’s murder was pre-planned: JIT report Champions Trophy: India defeat Pakistan in one-sided ... ISPR releases video showing destruction of Indian posts’ ... Third child suffocated inside locked car dies PM believes in rule of law, supremacy of constitution: ... Mashal Khan’s murder was pre-planned: JIT report Murder ideology needs to be fought: Bakhtawar Bhutto LATEST COMMENTS Eddied and once again this traitor defends the Taliban terrorists?...a total idiot who calls these murderers, who specifically target innocent civilians, women and children, "brave fighters"...he is definite... Eddied LOL...and this useless comment comes from a person who only writes lies... even during Ramadan...he is a professional Munafiq...LOL Eddied eddied loves peaceful intelligent Muslims...but he hates uneducated radical twisted Muslims who would use violence in the name of religion?...most people know the difference... but this ignorant suppo... ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS Eddied and once again this traitor defends the Taliban terrorists?...a total idiot who calls these murderers, who specifically target innocent civilians, women and children, "brave fighters"...he is definite... Eddied LOL...and this useless comment comes from a person who only writes lies... even during Ramadan...he is a professional Munafiq...LOL Eddied eddied loves peaceful intelligent Muslims...but he hates uneducated radical twisted Muslims who would use violence in the name of religion?...most people know the difference... but this ignorant suppo... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2017, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Google+ isn’t dead, but it is drowning in spam (though it plans to do something about it) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 10:20am PDTMay 29, 2017 160 Plus 1 on G+ 76 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares300 Editorials Google Last month Gideon Rosenblatt did a post on Google+ about the very platform, and it resonated with us here at AP. Many of you may know that we have invested a lot of our time here into Google+. After all, this is Android Police, and Google+ is as much a product of Google as Android is. But, we’ve been disheartened recently by issues with the social network. Most notably, a growing problem with spam. Our own site founder and owner, Artem, spoke out recently about his problems with the platform in the wake of Rosenblatt's post. And his is just one of many posts which have been attracting more attention and discussion on the subject. All of this has even prompted a response from an engineering manager at Google, who says that it is going to make a greater effort to fix things in the future. But spam is just one symptom of the platform's problems. I can't talk about spam without talking about what causes it. Unfortunately, that means I need to beat a bit of a dead horse. A lot of the problems you've heard about the platform in the past are contributing factors. Spam is an indicator of health, and the often-discussed historical problems with Google+ are the diseases. So it might seem that I'm digressing onto a well-worn subject here, but it is important to the discussion. All the old problems From a development perspective, Google has been distancing its social platform from its other tools as much as it can. Photos and Hangouts were once both integral parts of the Google+ experience. But, much as each subsequent update to Google+ has removed or limited features, each year seems to take away integration with another Google service. Hangouts on Air, Google Photos, Shared Circles, location sharing, Google+ Local, with all these things gone it may almost be fair to say that Google+ may have seen more features removed from the service than it has in total at present. Although it was made a part of G Suite last year, it may be a bit too late, and the utility to businesses for the social platform is likely limited. By design or accident, ostracizing Google+ in this way may have resulted in stagnation. Isolation reduces the user count and the number of eyes on content. And that stagnation is a breeding pool for spam. Google’s advocacy for the social platform has also diminished. Many prominent Googlers, as well as people in the core Google+ team, are barely even using the service. If your own employees can’t be motivated to use your product — if not on merit, at least as a means of promoting it — then what sort of attention is being paid to it? Writing here at AP, when I embed social content from Google, it almost always comes from one of two places: Twitter or YouTube. Part of that is because Google posts more things to those platforms than it does to Google+, and that’s a problem. Consider the difference in content volume between the Google Photos Twitter, Google Photos Blog, and Google Photos Google+ account. The last one of those only saw four posts this year. So not only are Googlers not using the platform, Google also recognizes the lack of marketing value for its own self-promotion. And even those few posts made by official Google accounts have had issues with spam. Thankfully in light of the recent attention drawn to the subject, they've been mostly cleaned up. But, if Google's own content has problems with it, imagine what users face. And all the new ones All the other, well-discussed issues have not been enough to prevent Google+ from soldiering on as a niche network. It isn't Facebook (thankfully), or Twitter, but people use it. Adoption may have slowed, and utility might be diminished, but it has a user base. A surprising number of little communities have popped up inside it. Developers with Android apps have been using it as a platform for app communications, beta tests, and technical support. In the realm of Google related software development, the platform is a small but bustling community attached to the larger market. And the people there like it. At least, they like it when the signal to noise ratio remains high enough to drown out the spam. To be fair, one can't claim this is a problem exclusive to Google+. All social media platforms have problems with spam, it’s basically a rule. As the barriers to mass communication become lower on a given platform, the quantity of submitted content that is used for marketing purposes increases. It becomes a delicate balance. How easy can you make account creation before every account is a bot? How easy should comment removal or reporting be so that spam can be caught, but censorship isn’t abused? What sort of burden can be placed on users, and how much responsibility for policing content can be delegated? Given the widespread nature of spam on most high-profile Google+ posts, this particular balance may need some adjustment. Some of the recent changes to Google+ have also increased the proliferation of spam. A lot of the older functionality that made managing content easier was stripped out in the responsive redesign of 2015-2016. Although the new site is more performant and consumes much less data, it also has a lot fewer methods of user interaction with content. Every post view is now a click, and comments must either be scrolled or each post opened in a new window, both of which make reporting content that little bit harder. Increasing the number of barriers for finding and reporting spam makes each post its own little breeding ground. Even in a perfect world, nothing can ever entirely eliminate spam. Everyone has a Grandma selling Avon that doesn’t care how much people might dislike her relentless self-promotion on Facebook, or a cousin who is stuck in a pyramid scheme and blissfully unaware of his predicament. But more steps need to be taken by Google to decrease its presence. Unfortunately, that's much easier for us to say than it is for Google to do. What can be done? As GitHub previously needed a wake-up call for how to better treat things on a social level, Google might also need to reexamine a few things about how it wants to handle Google+ going forward. Just because the platform has become niche doesn’t mean it doesn’t have a future. For fans of Google’s services, developers on its platforms, and news outlets such as ourselves, the service has genuine utility left in it. To that end, Google has responded to the recent criticisms leveled at the service by promising to do things better going forward. And knowing Google, it will find a novel solution to the problem. But can the it be fixed by itself? Across two responses to the recent posts complaining about spam, Google+ engineer manager Leo Deegan stated that it was the number 1 issue to be addressed going forward. He also acknowledged that some of the interface changes in the redesign on Desktop made things more difficult, but changes are planned for the future. Some of their areas of focus going forward will include better spam control, enhanced community moderation, cleaner notifications, and better navigation. It might seem from the outside that change is occurring slowly, but a lot of work has been done updating things behind the scenes. He reaffirmed that Google is committed to the future of G+, as demonstrated by its inclusion as a core G Suite product, and was glad that the community was providing feedback about these concerns. Spam might just be an indicator that a platform is popular enough to be a target, but a number of the tools that could potentially be used to fight it aren't possible as a result of the other problems I mentioned. By ostracizing Google+, all Google does is ensure that the spam stays in a closed box. If more of Google's services made use of the platform, more eyes would be on its content, and more would likely be reported. With more eyes in Google+ the volume of spam might not change, but spam itself would be reported faster and more frequently. And by not using the service — either as individuals or professionally — Google further decreases the number of eyes on content. In reddit parlance: admins are asleep, post spam. But, imagine they never woke up. It's like an abandoned house covered with graffiti. If the landlord doesn't check in, and a lack of business keeps visitors from the area, all the people living in the neighborhood still have to put up with it. Unfortunately for Google, the cost for us to leave is 0. But fortunately for the neighbors, Google has promised to renovate soon. Tags Google Google Plus opinion spam subscribe ... Previous Story Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more ... Next Story Samsung's new SoundAssistant app gives you greater control over sound on your Galaxy device ... Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments 4Ui812 If Google+ Was a baby it would have been "still born" Francisco Franco No. Mace Moneta You're right, it wasn't dead on arrival. It was actually quite active for a while, and I hit about 80,000 followers. I followed hundreds of interesting people. Had thousands of great discussions. Then the spam started. We all complained to Google, but it was like talking to ourselves. After a while, I was spending most of my time on the service blocking spam, while all the people I followed gave up and left. I left about 6 months ago, as my feed slowly came to a halt due to the exodus. This is much the same sequence as all the social media sites that have come before. Great for a while, turns to crap, I move on. It was great while it lasted. If you're still finding G+ useful, more power to you. chromaniac The problem started when Google decided that they know what Google+ should be instead of what the users of the platform wanted it to be. I was part of the Google+ Help community and it was painful to see TCs and RSs repeating the same thing again and again every time a feature was killed or detached from the platform. In the last couple of months, there were one or two individual accounts that were posting updates. Most of which were teeny tiny enhancements or bug fixes that no one cared about. It's insane how badly they killed a solid platform with a small but dedicated user base. Of course, for a company the size of Google, a product needs to have a sizable user base which Google+ never attained. Too bad, instead of killing it like Google Reader, they keep on dragging it on and on and on insulting the remaining users/fans. bekifft And don't forget that they killed Google Reader specifically because it was seen as a threat to the growth of Google+. I'm still mad at them for that. bekifft There's no metaphor for Google+ as a baby, Google+ was more of a clone born out of a desperate fear of Facebook, combined with poor management. It was always a solution in search of a problem that only Google had and no one else saw as a problem. The start of Google+ and the reign of Larry Page perfectly coincide with the start of Google losing focus. It's been all downhill from there, from a user focus perspective. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Well stated. Cliff Wade Huge thanks to Ryne Hager for the mention and linking to my post. :) Ryne Hager Woo! Thanks for being cool with me doing it. First (real) op-ed. Cliff Wade @ryne_hager:disqus Any time man. Excellent article, but then again, it's written on AP, so you know it's going to be good! :) In all seriousness, really good article and a lot of good stuff was mentioned and discussed. I am a member of the G+ Early Access community, Google+ Create and Community Vanguards(got invited into the last two because of my post you linked to) and I can say there are quite a few things being worked on. One of which deals with spam but I can't elaborate unfortunately. It's just one small step towards what will be coming in the near future hopefully. Leo Deegan, Carter Gibson, LeAnne Osborne and others are very active on G+ and it's good to see things being discussed, both openly and in private communities about the future and updates to G+. I really feel there are some changes coming soon. Ryne Hager Good to hear! I am confident Google will be able to sort things out for the platform. yanick So many astrologers and this article is only opinion. Why didn't you asked them about G+ future? :-))) Ryne Hager Damn, I could have avoided writing this entirely. Next time. ScottColbert Gee, maybe that's why it's tagged as an editorial. #ReadingIsFundamental . Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de92c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de92c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs382ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de92c:....,..... Nick Coad Wooooosh abc Gee, you're an idiot. Mace Moneta Most of the people I followed on G+ starting leaving about a year ago due to the spam. I finally left about 6 months ago. Amazingly, Twitter was much better, though it obviously doesn't easily support long form content. So now, 18 months after the people I know started to leave, Google has decided to address the problem? Great. IainPurdie Gave up on G+ several months ago when they "updated" it. At that point, any posts I put up on my business page were "Me Only" and there was no way to change it. The page with the option to fix this was inaccessible. G+ became, essentially, useless. Plus, they never opened it up fully to allow third party apps to post to it as Twitter and FB have done, making it too much donkey work to use. Then there's the atrocious app that throws stuff from my feed at me in a worse, more random fashion than facebook. It's impossible to find a post you read two minutes ago. skeleton My girlfriend says she doesn't know how to work it, they need to make it more accessible to the average Joe. Suicide_Note Maybe your girlfriend isn't too bright to begin with? skeleton Maybe you're a fucking prick but that's not the point.. Suicide_Note Oh, i totally am, but that doesn't change the fact that your girl is a dim bulb. skeleton Good one, did that make your day? Suicide_Note No, but then it wasn't supposed to. Getting good news about my Porsche made my day, however. How's your day going? skeleton Oh shit you have a Porsche! My bad carry on.. Anunnaki Uninstalled it few months ago and have never looked back. catalysto Brave. abc lol, butthurt fanboy. catalysto So brave. Suicide_Note Courageous. abc fanboy's bum hurts. edmann Most of those spam posts come from middle eastern's and Indians. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Where else you gonna go if you need the services of Baba Ji: black magic specialist? NeilR Go to the US of A for some white magic from this white magic specialist. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/77b2e23f4aa5dd55b2ae37db1c66f39d6491b46ad995b00139dd807c92615697.gif PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ http://d.christianpost.com/full/101519/hillary-clinton-supporter-cries.jpg NeilR Yeah, everyone who doesn't like Trump has to be a feminist and a Hillary supporter. You must be one of those Alt Right bunch. Many Indian-Americans supported Trump, too bad they never met racist dipsthits like you else they'd have surely reconsidered. P.S. Did you just link to a pic on christianpost.com? Oh I see, that's why you don't like Indians. Too many heathens there? abc lol. It must be nice being American. In your tiny world, everyone either supports Trump or Hillary. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It must be nice being American. http://i.onionstatic.com/avclub/2294/30/16x9/960.jpg aRvInD Sadly true. Those spammers clearly target all android beginners and spam them with irrelevant ads. Come here and most economical public buses have exactly same such fake astrology ads all over... NeilR You can find spam anywhere in the world but at least those fake astrology ads are simple enough to be brushed off as most people as spam. NeilR Just because the author of the article linked a few screenshots of spam posts you assume most of the spam on Google+ comes from middle east and India. Nice. Any other sweeping generalizations you make? abc No.1 in spam!! 'Murica, fuck yeah! Ryne Hager You are right, the images are a bit too repetitive. Just to make it clear we didn't intend to single anyone out, I've changed a few of the images in the editorial. Vikas For me Google+ is just a tool to signup for beta or tech support of any app or product. chromaniac Google removed that requirement long time ago. Google+ Sign-in because Google Sign-in. Hamza Abass grateful permit easy access to my google+ account at any time. Vikas These Astrologer, Lost Lover and Champcash spammers can be found everywhere here in India. Carlos Eugênio Meanwhile many normal posts are being considered spam without the option or possibility to approve them in our communities. Schultzter I still say there's nothing new in Google+ that Google didn't already have in their existing products. Their effort would have been much better improving the products they had, keep them separate but make it easy to move from one to the other from within Google. There's no point trying to build a better Facebook now that everyone is already on Facebook. chromaniac The way Google f'ed it up after departure of Vic is astonishing. I finally deleted my account 2 weeks ago. I only miss following the posts of few folks who I believe only post on Google+. But the user experience had become so painful that it was time to say it goodbye. Unbelievable what Google did with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It's not like you can just crack the social media market and become relevant at will, regardless of resources at your disposal. I can sort of imagine the reasons why Twitter got so popular, but don't think it would be easy to try to replicate it. YuCMi You're right, it also takes some awareness and a plan. Both of which Google never seemed to have. Stu I still use it but solely to perform the basic functions that Google Spaces did before Google stopped developing for it. aRvInD When many Googlers who write Android code still use iPhone as primary devices clearly says they themselves aren't interested much in their products... Harsh but truth..! Zsolt V Harsh but a lie. aRvInD Lie?? When why iPhone's Google apps often contain some new features before they get pushed to android beta users? Zsolt V Often? It happens very rarely and then it's because different teams work on different platforms. But what the fuck does that have anything to do with Google+? Or do you really think that the choice that person makes has any influence on the release schedule? At least at Google there is a choice. Can you imagine an Apple employee using a non-iPhone or non-Mac? Vantius Google+ in it's early days had a lot of interesting and new ideas to social media. The idea of putting people into groups based on interests and assigning audiences to posts based on those groups was a great idea. The idea of being able share live videos was a good idea too. It forced Facebook to adapt and improve it's own services. But, Google lost sight and IMHO started going downhill on the introduction of collections. it became obvious that they didn't know which way to take it. András Oláh I think Collections was a great idea but terrible implementation especially after the material design update. If it is a pain to manage your own collections and required 5+ clicks to set the collection you want to post to, no wonder no-one will use it. And the Collections landing page is even more terrible, there is zero visual indication whether a followed collection has any new content or not. I stopped following new collections because I felt that there is no point, as I will never see again those post in my stream. I stopped using more than 4 collections because of the inconvenient UI of switching collections. catalysto Sharing to collections is very easy. Sharing a photo to the G+ app, you can choose any collection or group you want right at the top. Metallinatus But.... did the black mage solve your problem? Ryne Hager 'course they did. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/495e00ef0755a130a47e98be9a9c81d1d83b992ccf87a3ab2b590f99a9c25400.gif Urmil Shroff I hope they do something about this, quickly. Peter Garlinski Maybe I'm one of the few, but Google+ works quite well and I've never encountered spam. Maybe it's because I've spent time with getting my circles setup with legitimate, decent people I want to get content from. With Facebook, I find it harder to really cut through the crap to talk to new people. Google+ makes it easier to do that. If Facebook ditched their awful feed concept, I would use it more, but right now Google+ is my go to platform. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ I'll second that never encountering much spam on Google+ part, at least compared to Facebook. I'm admin on a couple of user groups on Facebook and this week I had to ban at least 15 people for posting Malaysian child pornography videos..imagine. I mean I'd take astrology and sexy love any day over that despicable content. Timothy Vreeland I'll third it. I never see spam on G+. Where are the authors seeing it? My feed just has regular posts from my friends. Thomas Cole I get the job done from comfort of my own home, through simple projects which only needs only from you a Computer in addition to connection to the web and I am just more successful than ever before... After 6 months during this project and i got paid for overall 36,000 usd... Generally I acquire nearly 80 bucks/hr and also work for 3 to 4 hrs daily.And superb thing with this task is usually that you can also supervise time period whenever you work and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check in one week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I work from ease and comfort of my house, with quick tasks that only require from you a Computer system together with connection to the internet and I am also pleasant than ever before... After six months with this project and therefore i acquired compensated overall Thirty six Thousand dollars... Mainly I get near eighty bucks/h and also work for three to four hrs daily.And tremendous factor regarding this job is usually that you can arrange your time whenever you work and for how long as you may like and you earn a paycheck weekly........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now Michael Schaap If you make a post on Google+, and there's nobody there to read it, does it have an impact? YuCMi No, because it's probably spam. YuCMi Google+ doesn't have any quality content in their trending page. At one point I wondered if it could emulate Reddit, but there's no -1 button or a way to block all the cringe teenager oriented communities. If only Google+ let their users decide what they want to see. Instead you have absolute garbage trending. Dmitry Stepanushkin IMPORTANT - You could be entitled up to £3,160 in compensation from mis-sold PPI on a credit card or loan. Please reply PPI for info or STOP to opt out. Just kidding😂 Lord Argyris That black magic specialist stuff seems to be the in thing for spammers these days. I've seen it several other places lately. Robin Hugli I use Google + a lot, not as social media but for all community for apps , beta apps community and all Android roms and development community or all popular tech news website etc , it's really good and quite active. But that's true,if a community for example become less active, like an app community that isn't updated often and the community become a bit dead , it become a spam place , many spam posts as the moderator isn't active. It's quite sad. What I suggested: on telegram, the owner of the chat can add administrators bots , that can detect spam or unsuitable post , automatically delete those posts , ban or warm people. That can be very useful on Google plus. Ryan Its really hard to care at this point. Google+ had some decent ideas around social but it was too late to the game so they "forced" people onto the platform by moving services that shouldn't have been there onto there. I only had G+ for photos and sharing location (when they stripped latitude from Google Maps). And both of those rolled out with LESS functionality as a part of G+ than they did prior. Right or wrong by being forced to use G+ to get them AND the stripped functionality it created a negative association with G+ for me. I was ready for G+ to die from day one and was glad when it did (died as in I can finally uninstall the app because Google isnt forcing me into it). That was the day that location sharing returned to where it should have been all along, Google Maps. Now I have to look forward to the failure of Allo/Duo so Google can return to a real all-in-one messaging platform like what Hangouts was becoming. Sadly it will probably be 3 years from now and nobody will care because they will be even farther behind than they already are. Fruity101079 I don't know if G+ is good or not, I never understand exactly how to navigate, explore, etc... Ui doesn't seem ergonomic, for me. Allen Martin G+ is actually a great platform in terms of what it offers and from a technology standpoint. It just doesn't have ubiquity, which makes it undesirable. And it's cool to make fun of the underdog. I actually use G+ as a news feed for tech news - and most tech news sites post to it regularly (even Android Police). If it ever goes away, I won't be upset but it would be cool if it realizes potential greater than what it is. derp_cookies I'm the owner of the C++ community on Google+ with just over 100,000 users. Spam is absolutely insane. Granted, they're pretty good at flagging spam, but I had to switch all posts to require moderation because it was so bad. My list of banned users is tens of thousands long. They definitely have a spam problem; maybe normal folks won't notice it, and it's more of an issue with communities? Also side note: Is it possible to read a headline somewhere about Google+ without the word "dead" in it? Kieron Quinn I'm an admin of the XDA community (unofficial, 188K members), we used to have loads of spam but it's dropped significantly recently. How many moderators do you have? derp_cookies About 4 at the moment. D.Smithee *crickets* abc Good. Can't wait for it to die. One less piece of Google bloatware on my phone. Gabby Now if we could only get the same examination of Disqus spam. Almost all of it looks so similar that their continuing failure to block it makes me suspect they are actually profiting from the spam somehow. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.331s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
International Business Times, Singapore Edition International Business Times, Singapore Edition News Islamic State claims responsibility for London attack China sets up world's biggest floating solar power plant SHOCKING: Great Barrier Reef can no longer be saved 47-year-old Singaporean man arrested for assaulting Hong Kong police officer Philippines Drug Enforement Agency recaptures Korean-American 'ecstacy' trader World China sets up world's biggest floating solar power plant SHOCKING: Great Barrier Reef can no longer be saved 47-year-old Singaporean man arrested for assaulting Hong Kong police officer Six killed as militants plough van into crowd on London Bridge, stab others United States might ban laptops on all international flights Asia Pacific China sets up world's biggest floating solar power plant 47-year-old Singaporean man arrested for assaulting Hong Kong police officer Philippines Drug Enforement Agency recaptures Korean-American 'ecstacy' trader Philippines authorities fear Abu Sayyaf role as 2 Japanese tourists go missing Philippines, Mexico discuss new ways to enhance trade Business Deutsche Bank: Deeper Asean integration is the key to achieve AEC 2025 Vision CapitaLand acquires Guozheng Center as it ditches Innov Tower in Shanghai NWC submits $60 wage hike proposal for low-wage workers SGX wants more tech startups to launch IPOs in Singapore SIA adds Stockholm as second Scandinavian destination Technology iOS 11, macOS 10.13 expected to debut at WWDC 2017 Windows 10's next features surface in Microsoft's wrongly-released test build Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Essential PH-1: Which is better? OnePlus 5: New leaks suggest 3300mAh battery, thinner display, dual camera Google releases list of devices with latest security patch Sports Novak Djokovic vs Albert Ramos-Vinolas, French Open 2017: Live streaming informa Rafael Nadal v Roberto Bautista Agut, French Open 2017 live streaming: How to wa Sai Praneeth vs Jonathan Christie, Thailand Open 2017 final live streaming: How India vs Pakistan, Champions Trophy 2017 live streaming: How to watch match onli Real Madrid vs Juventus, Champions League 2016/17 final live streaming: How to w Entertainment 13 Reasons Why Season 2 to be back in 2018: Here's what we know so far Circle: Gong Seung Yeon to be seen in different look for 2037 time period Fight My Way: Drama takes turn as Park Seo Joon confesses his feelings to Kim Ji That's so Raven's spin-off show: First trailer focuses on 'Raven's Home', her ch Produce 101: Concept challenge winners, rankings revealed Health Fiber-rich diet helps in lowering risk of painful osteoarthritis: Study Italian coffee helps to lower prostate cancer risk: Study Ireland tops new global healthcare system rankings, Singapore in 21st spot 3D-printed ovaries can help infertile women get pregnant: Study Lifestyle In Pictures: Beautiful images of underground metro stations in Moscow Australia's Great Barrier Reef cannot be saved by current efforts: Find out why Learning Korean from K-drama: 10 favourite words from Korean dramas! Instagram rated worst social network for mental health: Find out why! Michelin to launch second edition of Singapore guide 2017 on June 29 Search News Technology CyberSecurity Judy Malware possibly affected 36.5 million Android users May 30, 2017 12:44 SGT By Mario Manlupig, Jr Reuters The infamous July Malware that produces fake ad clicks has been revealed to have potentially affected around 36.5 million Android device owners around the world. According to a security firm, this could be the biggest malware campaign ever on Google Play. According to Check Point, an IT security provider, 41 apps on Google Play were found engendering "large amounts of fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it". The culprit was identified as Kiniwini, a software developer firm based in South Korea that goes by the name ENISTUDIO Corp. Check Point stressed out that this incident could be "the largest malware campaign" discovered on the app store. After being notified of the occurrence, Google immediately ditched said apps from Google Play. However, it was a bit late that the malware had already "reached an astonishing spread between 4.5 million and 18.5 million downloads". As reported, most of these apps had been made available for quite a few years already while some of them have been updated once in a while. This massive amount of downloads means that the malware could have possibly infected between 8.5 and 36.5 million Android device owners. Although, Check Point noted they cannot determine how long the malicious code was living inside the apps. The malware got its name from the Kiniwi app Chef Judy: Picnic Lunch Maker, an app that allows the central character named Judy to create delicious food. Judy Malware has been likened to previous exploits Skinner, FalseGuide, and DressCode. They all hid behind decent to great reviews on Google Play. Considering Google Play cannot protect and screen hundreds and thousands of apps, users are encouraged to take precautionary measures and be wary of the apps to be downloaded. Related iPhone 8 is ditching the home button: Report Intel Core i9 to be launched very soon Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots READ MORE Nubia Z17 stuns in Qualcomm's fast charging technology Nokia 9: New benchmark test reveals specifications matching Galaxy S8 PlayStation 5 rumours: Sony console to offer native 4K resolution to outrank competitors? IOS 11, macOS 10.13 expected to debut at WWDC 2017 Windows 10's next features surface in Microsoft's wrongly-released test build Follow Us: Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Essential PH-1: Which is better? OnePlus 5: New leaks suggest 3300mAh battery, thinner display, dual camera Video game news round-up: Overwatch moon map, Nintendo Switch Online and amp; Pokemon Gos summer plans Google releases list of devices with latest security patch Chinese malware Fireball infects more than 250 million computers Home News World Asia Pacific Business Technology Sports Entertainment Health Lifestyle About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, Singapore Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
PhoneDog Android And Me TodaysiPhone NEW Call T-Mobile at (855) 668-8976 TmoNews Unofficial T-Mobile Blog, News, Videos, Articles and more Navigation Home Submit News 700MHz LTE map Upcoming Phones HOT TOPICS: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LG V20 Google Pixel Extended Range LTE Android 7.0 Nougat You are here: Home > T-Mobile offers to pay for Verizon switchers’ phones, two-lines-for-one deal also coming T-Mobile offers to pay for Verizon switchers’ phones, two-lines-for-one deal also coming May 24, 2017 Alex Wagner 108 Comments Yesterday T-Mobile CEO John Legere teased that T-Mo had multiple announcements coming up, and today a couple of them have been made. Starting May 31st, T-Mobile will kick off its #GetOutoftheRed promotion to help Verizon customers switch to T-Mo. Verizon customers in good standing with their carrier can get their iPhone or Google Pixel paid off by T-Mobile when they switch to T-Mobile and sign up for T-Mobile One, and they can keep their existing device. The phones that qualify for this promotion include the iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Google Pixel, and Google Pixel XL. T-Mobile says that these devices were selected because “phones need certain software to be globally compatible, and some phones don’t yet have that software.” Magenta does say that it’s working with unspecified device makers to make more phones compatible with this promotion. Additionally, Verizon customers switching to T-Mobile must add T-Mo’s Premium Device Protection Plus insurance plan to their device to qualify. This insurance plan costs $15 per month and includes protection against loss, theft, and accidental damage, McAfee ID Protection, McAfee Content Protection, and other features. T-Mobile says that it’ll pay Verizon customers that take advantage of this promotion with a digital prepaid MasterCard card that typically arrives within 15 days. While this #GetOutoftheRed promotion is focused on Verizon customers (because VZW phones are unlocked), T-Mobile is doing something for AT&T and Sprint subscribers, too. Starting on May 31st, AT&T and Sprint customers can switch to T-Mobile and get their existing device paid off when they buy a new phone from T-Mobile on EIP. And unlike Carrier Freedom, those customers won’t be forced to trade in their existing device. Finally, T-Mobile says that starting tomorrow, May 25th, T-Mobile One customers with at least two voice lines can get two additional lines of service for the price of one. The cost of the second line will be offset by a bill credit. Our friends over at Wirefly have a great tool to compare T-Mobile plans against each other and against other plans on the market. Source: T-Mobile Tags: AT&T, Get Out of the Red, Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone SE, John Legere, Sprint, Verizon About Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content for PhoneDog Media. Arsenal, beer, video games. Can be found on Twitter at @alw. View all posts by Alex Wagner → ← T-Mobile Galaxy S6 edge+ update includes security patches, intermittent call failure fix T-Mobile increases deprioritization threshold to 32GB → resource Bill credits, run for your life! (J²) Right… I’d found that the system doesn’t consistently apply these. TylerCameron Yeah their billng process it’s horrible Steve_NYC So true. I actually considered moving to the T-Mobile One Plan even though it would have cost me more money, just to get away from the insanity of their bill credit process. I finally got things straightened out, but I am sure it will be a problem in the future. It’s gotten to the point that I think it’s deliberate. Mike I had a free line from November that I had to call in every month. to get credit. They finally fixed it to be automatic this month. best part I got extra bill credits for months since last November and my bill is now negative so I didn’t have to make a payment this month. Al William So in order to get the free line, you need to have at least a total of 4 voice lines? Corey Jalette You need to have 2 voice lines to get this promo, which you get 2 lines for the price of 1. So in total you end up woth 4 lines, 1st 2 have to be voice, the 2 you’re adding could be whatever you want. So if you’re on the 2/100 plan right now if you add 2 tablets it would be 120 a month (20 per tablet but 1 is free) or if you add 2 voice lines it would be 140 (40 for adding a 3rd line then 4th is free) Al William Thanks for the clarification! So minimum 2 voice lines and the other 2 could be voice or data. I just wish they get rid of these bill credits. Sometimes it’s such a nightmare. Corey Jalette It can be yes but that’s how pretty much everything is done. Just like they had a free line deal in march it’s listed on my account as a free line on us but I still get the charge on my bill, but it’s auto credited. The only time it wasn’t was the first month because I added it before the end of the billing cycle. Cost $49 but they also credited my account manually that one time. Haven’t had an issue since. AWasserberg7 This article mentions Magenta. What *is* Magenta? Is that some cute term of affection for T-Mobile? kev2684 Are you serious? It’s their brand color. VZW = Red AT&T = Blue T-Mobile = Magenta Sprint = Yellow Nobody Special Cricket (umm, green) lol Genecio MetroPCS= Purple Black&Orange= Boost The Waz Just confirmed by T-Force that if you have a 2 for 100 plus a “this ones on us promo” giving you total 3 lines, you will lose your free line if you take advantage of the promotion of 2 for 1 tomorrow. They stated that they have to move you to a different Tmobile One plan….makes no sense since there is only 1 plan…… Corey Jalette This is ONLY if you’re adding a voice line people. If you’re adding tablet/smartwatch/mobile Internet plans that doesn’t affect your phone plan promo of 2/100. Corey Jalette Add 2 tablets with unlimited data on your plan for $20/month. They frequently have a free tablet promo with qualifying data plan. Snatch those up and you’re golden. The Waz Yes this will affect both. IF you have the 2 for 100 and the “this one is on us” free line….you will lose both promotions…confirmed with t force and John directly. Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. Yea this is very strange Corey Jalette Not the case, I was able to add 1 more tablet line to my plan for half off yesterday. 2/100 all in promo with 1 free tablet line from March. Now 1 more tablet at half off. 4/$110 not including any kickbacks which both phone lines usually stay under 2gb so 4/$90 now. Had to pay the sim/activation charge of $25 +tax, and my first month will cost about $40 for adding midway through billing cycle. Then $10 or less(if kickback is on). Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. So yea im wondering is anyone can find a loophole or something Andrew Singleton the reason is that you’re on a 2-line promotional plan paying $20 less than everyone else, and you’ve added a line. since you’re unable to add another line on that plan, you are forced to switch to a 3+ line plan, and that will cause activation-related discounts to drop. Corey below is correct, because internet lines (tablet, watch, syncup drive) are their own rate plan and don’t affect your voice configuration. Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. J Gerard Yeah! Let’s switch to T-MOBILE because we want to not be able to make phone calls half the time, and not have a signal to look something up when we actually need it. Oh yeah, and to not be able to upload pictures of something fun that we’re doing until we’re at home connected to WiFi later that night or the next day. Before any of you “magenta” fans TRIES to defend them… I’ve been a Verizon customer for about 12 years except for 6 months last year, when I switched because of crappy TMobile’s cheap prices and convincing (misleading) advertising. It was HORRIBLE. I used to get pissed and call them to ask why I could never get a signal. After 6 months, I finally admitted to myself that it was a ridiculous mistake and switched back to The Red! NEVER any issues with Verizon’s service. Never. “Magenta” is only good at talking a big game. If anyone’s thinking about switching to T-Mobile, DON’T DO IT. They are the worst. Go to any other carrier. Doesn’t have to be Verizon. kev2684 It’s all about location, location, location. Just because your area is bad, doesn’t mean everybody will have the same problem as you. J Gerard … EXCEPT that I live in a city. Oh, and Verizon’s coverage is flawless here. I happen to also know (through friends) that AT&T and Sprint are good here, too. Oh, but it’s all about location, location, location. Weak argument. T-Mobile just sucks! There’s a reason it’s so CHEAP! Austin8480 … OK JGerard. Next time, PLEASE use all capital letters to truly get YOUR point across. What I find PATHETIC is that you are a die hard Verizon turd in a TMobile blog. Oh wait, I meant Verizon TURD. Forgot to emphasize that. NOBODY in this room gives a flying —- about your opinion because you slummed it for 6 months and went to Magenta and it was as big of a mistake as…well, I will let you figure it out. J Gerard You were so busy typing a 3rd grade level post that you forgot to make a point. Here’s one for you: T-Mobile is inferior to almost all other carriers. Austin8480 If T-Mobile is so inferior, why are you even giving this blog the time of day. Are you upset that no kids want to hop in your van and eat your chocolate, so you are going to take out your frustrations on the inferior wireless network? thepanttherlady *Tip* Starbursts don’t melt :D theseanteam The hate is strong in this one. Those six months must have really scarred you or something. When you say almost all other carriers, which ones are you referring to? There are only four major carriers after all. And actually, that argument about location is a pretty strong one. T-Mobile’s network is the fastest in many locations, but can be really poor (or even non-existent) in others. The same can be said about everyone–including Verizon. Every carrier has their strong and weak areas. For someone to deny such would have to either be 1) ignorant 2) biased beyond belief or 3) troll. yankeesusa Yea, it still amazes me that people complain about coverage and then lump everyone else in america as having the same coverage, like we all live in the same area. Oh well. People never learn. I’m just happy tmobile works for me and that my data speeds are the highest iv’e ever had. At my house i’m getting close to 100megs almost every time. But hey i guess that’s not good enough for some. thepanttherlady I moved to Crestline a couple of weeks ago. No service. :'( kev2684 I had to google where that is lol :D Yeah it’s rural Ohio but I suppose Band 12 is coming? I’ve seen sightings on Band 12 in Jacksonville, FL lately as well as other parts of the country it’s currently not available. They’re probably working on it at the moment. thepanttherlady Sorry, I should have been more specific. It’s Crestline, CA. I made the same mistake when I called a county office but only Googled Crestline. Guy was really confused as they don’t have my address there. Took me a minute to figure out he was in Ohio. LOL kev2684 You’re literally live in a mountain! Views must be spectacular! thepanttherlady Some of them really are. :) Zacamandapio Verizon here we gooooooo. By the way, we went to Lake Gregory. :) thepanttherlady I’m literally 7 minutes from there. Went there 2 weekends ago to check it out. Water level is a little on the low side. Met a couple that same night that said they’d drained it for some reason and cited “water politics” because I guess the locals aren’t happy about it. Drove up from the Hesperia side this past Saturday and got to see Lake Silverwood. Will have to check it out this summer. Nice drive but hated seeing so many dead trees. :( ETA: I had to get Frontier (Verizon) internet so I could actually use my cell phone. What really sucks is: 1. I literally just got a hotspot through T-Mobile a month ago when they were offering another free line. It’s unusable. 2. I now HAVE to buy phones that have WiFi calling. Blah! thepanttherlady From the day we moved in 5/7: http://imgur.com/UQHsBZF http://imgur.com/t9Z64Q3 http://imgur.com/tm7ReiU And the lake :) http://imgur.com/1YUxwV9 http://imgur.com/tnGMcoq http://imgur.com/zhY16YK http://imgur.com/eaXr58H http://imgur.com/JO9BHJW Sharti24 Who will you be switching to? thepanttherlady I’m not switching. Yet anyway. I lose service 1/2 way up (or down) the mountain so I’ll probably have to get a very cheap pre-paid service/phone for emergencies in case I break down. Not all turnouts have a call box. I still work in Orange County and T-Mobile works fine most places I go. If it starts to be a problem then I’ll have to consider my options. Sharti24 Have tmobile send you a range extender. Not the one you plug into the internet but the one that has two boxes that boosts signal Berzerker Yeah, if you live in Bumblefuck, Montana, don’t switch. Greg Piller Shoot, I just signed up in Montana for TMO. Guess I’m “bumblefucked” lol. I have traveled to every state and been in EVERY U.S. major city multiple times living in every timezone and 11 states. My goodness you have a warped idea of “crap state”. Montana is paradise partner. You have to be from either NYC or California with that f’ed up mentality. He is right & not just in “crap” places but a lot of places like Chicago, IL where I was born and raised. Verizon & AT&T ARE better, Considerably better now in most places but TMO is gaining on them quickly & may reach parity in a few years. When THAT happens if TMO is still competitive, one would have to be a lunatic to stay with AT&T or Verizon. Berzerker …lol. I never said Montana was a “crap state.” It’s the easiest thing to think of when you think of wilderness where you won’t have service for miles. I could have picked a bunch of states, but Montana has, IIRC, the smallest habitation of humans to state ratio, behind Alaska of course. Easy target. Greg Piller To me 4 lines for $120 with TMO is enough of a savings to ditch AT&T. Verizon & AT&T and some of their customers can be arrogant & I think John Legere is one helluva CEO. I can pick up a burner sim with AT&T’s Cricket when I travel a bit and use it until TMO improves in Montana & then it’s sianara to ATT. Happy to be back with TMO. I was formerly a customer since the Voicestream days but when I moved west couldn’t keep them. Their coverage improvement in Montana & the nation as a whole with him at the helm has been nothing short of INCREDIBLE. I hope if the Sprint deal happens Legere is retained as CEO. mreveryphone Hummm… I travel the country for my job and I rarely have issues with T-Mobile… Is it perfect?? No… But no carrier is.. Verizon worked out for you, that’s great. T-Mobile works for millions, that’s also great. But this butt hurt rant is ridiculous and pure comedy! J Gerard “butt hurt rant” is kind of a dumb way to describe what I’m saying. But, I’ll consider the source, eh? Do you know ANYONE who thinks that T is better than V? Nope. So, the difference between us is that I choose to have a better service and I’m willing to pay a little more for it. You are cheap, and you’re willing to have an inferior service because it’s cheaper. That’s it. You know Verizon is better than T-Mobile Francisco Peña Anyone switching carriers should NEVER just switch without taking advantage of the initial return period. I was with VZW for yrs myself. Loved it, with my UDP that was grandfathered. Even went through one wave of price hikes to stay. Then the wife wanted a non-feature phone, and the price hike for her would have boosted out then $108 monthly payment, to $160 once we got a basic data plan, her line access fee (joke) and a new phone. So I looked into TMo. I purposely bought a phone the yr before that worked with Tmo and VZW (moto X DE) and signed up for one line of TMo, switched my Moto to Tmo and reactivated an older LTE phone I had back on VZW. Then I went around for a week doing speed tests everywhere I went. Stuck in traffic? speed test. Both side by side on the seat. Mall? yup, side by side in my hands. Work? yup. Home? yup. I hated VZW at work because my Moto could never get a signal inside the building, which caused my battery to die quickly each day. TMo? got a strong signal. Home, both were weak, but about the same. Driveway? same. So after 10 days, I went in to TMo and switched. Got 2 new phones (had a deal on G4s then) and was spending $140 for 2 lines/10GB each (was the $100/2L/10GB deal) with those phones. Has it been perfect? no. Has it been enough to switch back? no. After some finagling, got a $70 plan with 6GB each for 2 lines. Then have gotten a free line on top of that.. so now I pay $130 for 3 lines, with 6GB each (two don’t come close, mine has Stash so I’m good) and 2 new G6 phones. So for the price, its awesome. Can I deal with some poor service on the outskirts of town? sure. Oh, that Moto X? got it on the 3rd line… theseanteam I don’t think anyone has ever claimed that T-Mobile has better coverage than Verizon, but the point is it has the same quality of coverage in many places. Where I live, T-Mobile has equal coverage and faster speeds. It might not be like that for you, as everyone’s experience will vary. I’m sure if others suffered with bad service, they would switch carriers as well. But your superiority complex is just silly. mreveryphone I know plenty of people that think T-Mobile is better than VW… And I know people that think the opposite, it depends where you live. The service was inferior for you but not for me by any means… I appreciate the cheap name calling, I’ll be cheap all day if it means saving money but getting better service FOR ME… I’ve had service in buildings where others on VW had 0, I’ve smoked people on VW in data speeds tests so I’ll be cheap all day long!! Lol Vazaha There’s an unwritten agreement when you join T-Mobile that you will refrain from living in or going to crappy places. If you live in a decent place T-Mobile is fine. If T-Mobile sucks in your area, you know why :). Vazaha But seriously, I’m always envious of ATT and V when I go to crap places. tranceformer978 Why are you going to crap places? Melissa Cardenas Well what the hell are you doing on this website then? This is a T-Mobile forum obviously most people on here have T-Mobile and they Happy with it so they ain’t gonna listen to you . T-Mobile did not work in my old house so i had Verizon. Now in my new house Verizon don’t work at all and i had to get T-Mobile again because T-Mobile works here fine , So no carrier is perfect. It all depends on location!! J Gerard I get tech news alerts on my phone and things like this come up sometimes and I click on them. I believe that’s allowed! Apparently, what’s not allowed here is proper grammar and punctuation. I almost had to have your post translated in order to read it, but I figured it out eventually. Where did you go to school? Melissa Cardenas What ever im in a hurry and didn’t have time to spell check .But seriously don’t change the subject i don’t get why people like you come talk trash on a T-Mobile forum. ?? Makes no sense haha . And what ever im PRETTY sure you understood fine what i wrote in my first comment. Bull that you almost had to get it translated. Omar Boyer Melisa hes just being an idiot haha i understood perfectly well your first post. And i see they gave u some thumbs up on that first post so others also understood you no need to translate it . Ignore this lowlife with nothing to do. If he wants to stop making an Azz out of himself he should just block the notifications he gets from here. Melissa Cardenas i have better things to worry about ;) omar. And like you said he should just turn off notifications from here then. Eric Harlow Don’t give J Gerard the satisfaction in getting a reaction out of you and allow him to control the situation don’t dumb down to his level Eric Harlow Get off Melissa Cardenas butt about grammar here. This is a forum! Not a college message board or an college English Composition course. T-mobile has improved drastically within the last 3 years. T-mobile works for me out here in San Diego and in my future home in Missoula, Montana. I have mental disabilities that I got serving in The US Navy for twenty years and I dislike your comments towards Melissa Cardenas. This is a T-mobile fan website to discuss peacefully about T-mobile, so get your BIG RED DUMB AND DUMBER ASS OUT OF HERE. Andrew Addison You just made my night with that bomb diggity comment towards that boozo the snow clown filled with stuffy nose, trying to come off as English weirdo professor correcting people on their grammar fool there Bro. Is this guy here serious right now? He had no reason to talk down to someone like that and also talk down on the finest company/carrier, advising everyone to stay away from the best carrier/company which that one being T-Mobile-MetroPCS. We will forever be way Better in USA than any other carrier would have been. Eric Harlow OOH REALLY!!! HOW AWESOME!! Glad I made your night! RLB63 I actually feel sorry for you. How miserable your life must be for you to spend so much time on a site of a company you seem to hate so much. Cellphone companies aren’t making political statements. Seem way to smart for that. Don’t attack social issues. Attacking T-Mobile worth while to you and to spend so much time. You must not have anything better to do with your life. Eric Harlow I think you were supposed to reply back to J Gerard not me. I have been a T-mobile customer for over ten years and I am happy to be a T-mobile customer. Haze1nut English is a 3rd language for me, behind French and Portuguese. Correct my grammar for me, will you. It obviously makes you feel superior. Ascertion You think everyone that switches to T-Mobile can’t “Make calls half of the time”? You’re out of your mind! Tony Chen agreed, t mobile has gained millions of customers each quarter. if the drop calls were so bad why would t mobile gain 100% of new customers agaIN? another blockbuster quarter by t mobile. moonoverparma Funny, I’ve never had a problem. Nobody Special Several years ago i had a verizon phone (when the iphone’s came out they were the only one that were selling them with unlimited data at that time) and i had T-Mobile flip phone that i was using to make international calls. I have to admit, Verizon was more reliable than T-Mobile during my cell phone usage. I chose T-mobile over Verizon because of many reasons…. but it was never due to their coverage, because their coverage was horrible… but since then their coverage has improved. But i switched primarily due to the inexpensive international calls. That was a deal breaker for me, i was content with the terrible coverage with anticipation that they would improve their service. and with Verizon i was paying around $89 dollars for unlimited data and text and 450 minutes of voice calls. my tmobile line (from what i can remember) was around $78 dollars for unlimited talk and text and data. But fastforward to today, I have 5 Unlimited Everything (data/text/voice) lines with unlimited international calling (mobile+landlines) and international text for a low cost of $110 plus taxes and fees. Believe me i checked, Verizon or AT&T have nothing in comparison to what i have with T-Mobile. And i am not bashing you or Verizon at all, Verizon does have a more reliable coverage area but in the end i sided with T-Mobile over Verizon. If Verizon ever came up with incredible deals like T-Mobile has been doing almost every month i wouldnt turn down a great opportunity. RECAP: Verizon “Better Coverage” T-Mobile “Better Prices” It all boils down to what are you comfortable with. Im comfortable with crappy coverage. And My T-Mobile calls do drop often, but what i do is (i press redial) GOTCHA :) Gust OK so here’s the deal. In the morning when you wake up if you have T-Mobile you have to get up take a shower have breakfast shave go outside of your house in other to make a phone call. If you have AT&T or Verizon in the morning when you wake up you can reach for your cell phone and make a phone call. It is that simple. But you know what I have T-Mobile because over one year it saves me about $200 as compared to AT&T or Verizon. So I put up with the crap! Timothy Poplaski T-Mobile supports WiFi calling. You don’t have home WiFi? DM725 How do you not have wifi calling enabled? Maybe you need to buy a phone from the last 2 years… (My Motorola Nexus 6 Supported Wifi Calling….) RLB63 They have equipment they they will ship out for free with a deposit that will boost their signal on your house if you don’t have Wi-Fi calling. My phone automatically switches on Wi-Fi when I get home. Not for signal or to save data. It’s because with all the talk that cell signals MIGHT cause cancer why risk it? It is able to enable Wi-Fi, and it disables it when I leave the house. So that might be an option if you have Wi-Fi…. Phone Guy All lies. So funny, yet sad. yankeesusa LOL, not everyone lives where you live and have bad coverage with tmobile. 4 years ago i would have never used tmobile, now i no longer have sprint and got rid of my verizon line because tmobile is great for me where i live and work. I just recently drove across florida,georgia,nc and tennesse and had no issues. I was able to test it side by side with an att phone and the whole time both phones had coverage except up in the smokies near newfound gap where no one has signal. Don’t lump everyone in the same pile just because it doesn’t work for you. DM725 LoL, where the hell do you live? eanfoso The only one after verizon is at&t because we know that sprint and us cellular sucks more than t mobile Andrew Singleton T-Mobile has the lowest churn rate (people trying it and leaving) of all carriers. Could you please explain why? J Gerard Ha! Oh, I promise you I don’t feel like an idiot surrounded by people who work themselves up into a breathless rant trying to defend a crappy service. gmo8492 Crappy for who exactly, churn has gone down to record lows and T-Mobile has over 73 million subs, so if it doesn’t work out you can switch. Brad C It’s not for everyone, but has worked damn well for me for 12yrs.. I *actually* tried Verizon a few months ago, and came back after two weeks after awful LTE performance JG You’re cracking me up reading your comments! I have TMo and put up with their spotty coverage because I’m paying less per month staying with them. I can admit that. There is alot I enjoy about TMo, but dropped calls and dead zones IS a reality. I have a band 12 phone in metro PHX. Not sure why others feel the need to berail someone who doesn’t agree with them just for argument’s sake. Timothy Poplaski Because you aren’t saying, “Bad coverage in PHX”, you’re saying “Bad coverage”. I can drive for at least an hour in any direction and have solid coverage. It all depends on where you live, and you’re phone. Even phones with band 12 won’t all have the same results because some phones get better reception than others. So, I won’t even argue about coverage in PHX. Never been there, likely never will, so it just doesn’t matter to me. My excellent coverage probably doesn’t matter to you. It’s all about where you use your phone. navi harriram Dude you could of tested the network out on a $10 weekly plan or $3 daily. You don’t buy cell phone service every day so do the work. The sales rep just wants a commission check so they’ll say anything to get you to switch. That’s why I don’t work for wireless companies anymore. Too much bull to deal with yankeesusa Not everyone is defending a company that may or may not work depending on where you live. But many people actually do research and pick a company that specifically works for your needs depending on your area. I had verizon and sprint before tmobile and i have never ever gotten the speeds i get now not to mention i have great coverage ‘WHERE I LIVE”, YOU SEE, that’s the important thing, i researched and made sure it worked for me. I don’t just blindly select a company just because their commercial says so. Screamin That’s strange because T-Mobile has been #1 in customer service AND satisfaction for well over 2 years now… and yes, that includes coverage. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) I am thinking about switching to Verizon due to poor coverage. In San Diego area I get one to bars. I moved from Minnesota and T-mobile coverage in MN is excellent there with all bars. In San Diego it’s very poor in some areas. When iPhone 8 is release I am switching to Verizon. I love T-mobile plans but coverage in my area is poor. Sharti24 Agreed. On base (32nd street) forget about tmobile coverage. sprint excels on 32nd. go over to corando island its even worse! just throw your phone over board. no tmobile coverage on the air base at all. im using an iphone 6s Band 12 which is deployed in SD yankeesusa I agree, if in your area tmobile is not good and is affecting productivity or just not letting you use your phone to its fullest your’e better off changing. I have great coverage where I live and work and when i travel over 99% of the time i have no issues. But i got my wife on cricket which is att so for the times where tmobile may not get signal i have the att towers just in case. I’m on an old grandfathered single line plan that allows work discount so i’m keeping as long as i can. Screamin Sometimes it’s not always the cell coverage causing the issue, but the phone itself, especially if it’s an older device that supports fewer cell bands. With T-Mobile’s latest acquirement of spectrum you can expect a huge improvement in cell signal, both in range and structure penetration, within the year. Of course you can switch if you want, but they’re only going to get better. They’ve more than doubled the coverage in the past 2 years and have just as much coverage as Verizon with a network that’s actually futureproof unlike the other guys. DM725 Agreed, I know people that don’t realize they are using a phone without band 12, that doesn’t have wifi calling or Volte support, and has an extremely weak antenna. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) My phone is iPhone 7 and not an old device: Andrew Singleton if you hold an iphone 7 next to a galaxy s8, the s8 will have more bars every time. that’s due to a more powerful signal on galaxies and the fact that bars don’t mean anything with low-frequency spectrum. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) My roommate is on T-mobile and his current phone is galaxy s8. We experience the same issue. RLB63 Have you talked to T-Mobile C.S.? If they get people complaining about certain areas they tend to look into those areas. Is it outside or inside or both where you have problems? Inside out could be the building. They can seems you a device to boost the signal for your phone. Patel Nisha You couldn’t pay me to use a iPhone . And why would I switch Verizon to T-unmobile. So I can have a sub par data connection with hardly any coverage…. Andrew Why are you on TmoNews, then? Andrew Addison Lol I was just thinking the exact same thing. Lol DM725 I’m sorry you live in a place that T-Mobile doesn’t prioritize. Here in NY, we have no such issues. Andrew Singleton the offer is also good for pixels, and you don’t know anything about the network. in 1 year, verizon will wish it had t-mobile’s network. browne81 I cavy take this anymore. There is always someone in these forums going miss information. I have to speak up. As awhole some networks are better than others. I’m not going to get into my opinion on which is better nation wide. What I will say is this. The best carrier is the one that works where you frequent the most. No matter what carrier a person loves there is another person out there that thinks it terrible. So all these people saying bad things about T-Mobile should get the facts straight. Lastly I due example I don’t like sprint but I know there are people that have a great time with them. You don’t see me on a sprint site saying how bad they are. Is my spelling perfect no. Is my grammar perfect no. It’s this a college paper? No. So I really don’t care. AJ2 still waiting for them to do a $50 deal for single customers. browne81 They have a prepaid plan for 45 Sharti24 4 for $100 sounds better Line 1 $50 Line 2 $75 Line 3 $90 Line 4 $100 John De Leon I have Verizon and would switch IF T-Mo had better in-building coverage. Several of my fellow employee friends have T-Mo and they have horrible coverage in our work locations. They have to step outside to recieve/make calls. Chris Siegell I don’t see the Galaxy S8+ mentioned? You would think that this phone would be “globally compatible” for the switch? Ming Chang Chuang did they say how long to keep the T-Mo’s Premium Device Protection Plus insurance plan? Can i remove this coverage after 2 months? Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Home Phone Service Savings popular topics Android Data Featured News/Articles Rate plans Rumors Site announcements Software updates T-mobile Promotions Tablet Tips and Tricks Upcoming Phones Upcoming Services Windows Phone PhoneDog Samsung debuts Pirates of the Caribbean Galaxy S8 Google Photos can suggest photos for you to archive AT&T offering $10 DirecTV Now to Unlimited Choice customers LG Pay officially launches Verizon launching new prepaid plans on June 6th T-Mobile launching two iPhone deals today ZTE Nubia Z17 debuts with Snapdragon 835, up to 8GB of RAM Android And Me SUCCESS : automatic purge url cache SUCCESS : automatic purge url cache Google Photos gains ability to suggest Verizon will update its prepaid plans Google plans to block ads in Chrome TodaysiPhone Today is the last day to purchase Apple’s Australian banks officially denied right iPhone 7 will now be officially available iFixit teardown finds that new low-cost Apple Pay now launching in Taiwan with App Store approval now rejecting applications Apple released a number of security About PhoneDog PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular Reviews Rumors Upcoming Phones Rate plans Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Google+ isn’t dead, but it is drowning in spam (though it plans to do something about it) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 10:20am PDTMay 29, 2017 160 Plus 1 on G+ 76 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares300 Editorials Google Last month Gideon Rosenblatt did a post on Google+ about the very platform, and it resonated with us here at AP. Many of you may know that we have invested a lot of our time here into Google+. After all, this is Android Police, and Google+ is as much a product of Google as Android is. But, we’ve been disheartened recently by issues with the social network. Most notably, a growing problem with spam. Our own site founder and owner, Artem, spoke out recently about his problems with the platform in the wake of Rosenblatt's post. And his is just one of many posts which have been attracting more attention and discussion on the subject. All of this has even prompted a response from an engineering manager at Google, who says that it is going to make a greater effort to fix things in the future. But spam is just one symptom of the platform's problems. I can't talk about spam without talking about what causes it. Unfortunately, that means I need to beat a bit of a dead horse. A lot of the problems you've heard about the platform in the past are contributing factors. Spam is an indicator of health, and the often-discussed historical problems with Google+ are the diseases. So it might seem that I'm digressing onto a well-worn subject here, but it is important to the discussion. All the old problems From a development perspective, Google has been distancing its social platform from its other tools as much as it can. Photos and Hangouts were once both integral parts of the Google+ experience. But, much as each subsequent update to Google+ has removed or limited features, each year seems to take away integration with another Google service. Hangouts on Air, Google Photos, Shared Circles, location sharing, Google+ Local, with all these things gone it may almost be fair to say that Google+ may have seen more features removed from the service than it has in total at present. Although it was made a part of G Suite last year, it may be a bit too late, and the utility to businesses for the social platform is likely limited. By design or accident, ostracizing Google+ in this way may have resulted in stagnation. Isolation reduces the user count and the number of eyes on content. And that stagnation is a breeding pool for spam. Google’s advocacy for the social platform has also diminished. Many prominent Googlers, as well as people in the core Google+ team, are barely even using the service. If your own employees can’t be motivated to use your product — if not on merit, at least as a means of promoting it — then what sort of attention is being paid to it? Writing here at AP, when I embed social content from Google, it almost always comes from one of two places: Twitter or YouTube. Part of that is because Google posts more things to those platforms than it does to Google+, and that’s a problem. Consider the difference in content volume between the Google Photos Twitter, Google Photos Blog, and Google Photos Google+ account. The last one of those only saw four posts this year. So not only are Googlers not using the platform, Google also recognizes the lack of marketing value for its own self-promotion. And even those few posts made by official Google accounts have had issues with spam. Thankfully in light of the recent attention drawn to the subject, they've been mostly cleaned up. But, if Google's own content has problems with it, imagine what users face. And all the new ones All the other, well-discussed issues have not been enough to prevent Google+ from soldiering on as a niche network. It isn't Facebook (thankfully), or Twitter, but people use it. Adoption may have slowed, and utility might be diminished, but it has a user base. A surprising number of little communities have popped up inside it. Developers with Android apps have been using it as a platform for app communications, beta tests, and technical support. In the realm of Google related software development, the platform is a small but bustling community attached to the larger market. And the people there like it. At least, they like it when the signal to noise ratio remains high enough to drown out the spam. To be fair, one can't claim this is a problem exclusive to Google+. All social media platforms have problems with spam, it’s basically a rule. As the barriers to mass communication become lower on a given platform, the quantity of submitted content that is used for marketing purposes increases. It becomes a delicate balance. How easy can you make account creation before every account is a bot? How easy should comment removal or reporting be so that spam can be caught, but censorship isn’t abused? What sort of burden can be placed on users, and how much responsibility for policing content can be delegated? Given the widespread nature of spam on most high-profile Google+ posts, this particular balance may need some adjustment. Some of the recent changes to Google+ have also increased the proliferation of spam. A lot of the older functionality that made managing content easier was stripped out in the responsive redesign of 2015-2016. Although the new site is more performant and consumes much less data, it also has a lot fewer methods of user interaction with content. Every post view is now a click, and comments must either be scrolled or each post opened in a new window, both of which make reporting content that little bit harder. Increasing the number of barriers for finding and reporting spam makes each post its own little breeding ground. Even in a perfect world, nothing can ever entirely eliminate spam. Everyone has a Grandma selling Avon that doesn’t care how much people might dislike her relentless self-promotion on Facebook, or a cousin who is stuck in a pyramid scheme and blissfully unaware of his predicament. But more steps need to be taken by Google to decrease its presence. Unfortunately, that's much easier for us to say than it is for Google to do. What can be done? As GitHub previously needed a wake-up call for how to better treat things on a social level, Google might also need to reexamine a few things about how it wants to handle Google+ going forward. Just because the platform has become niche doesn’t mean it doesn’t have a future. For fans of Google’s services, developers on its platforms, and news outlets such as ourselves, the service has genuine utility left in it. To that end, Google has responded to the recent criticisms leveled at the service by promising to do things better going forward. And knowing Google, it will find a novel solution to the problem. But can the it be fixed by itself? Across two responses to the recent posts complaining about spam, Google+ engineer manager Leo Deegan stated that it was the number 1 issue to be addressed going forward. He also acknowledged that some of the interface changes in the redesign on Desktop made things more difficult, but changes are planned for the future. Some of their areas of focus going forward will include better spam control, enhanced community moderation, cleaner notifications, and better navigation. It might seem from the outside that change is occurring slowly, but a lot of work has been done updating things behind the scenes. He reaffirmed that Google is committed to the future of G+, as demonstrated by its inclusion as a core G Suite product, and was glad that the community was providing feedback about these concerns. Spam might just be an indicator that a platform is popular enough to be a target, but a number of the tools that could potentially be used to fight it aren't possible as a result of the other problems I mentioned. By ostracizing Google+, all Google does is ensure that the spam stays in a closed box. If more of Google's services made use of the platform, more eyes would be on its content, and more would likely be reported. With more eyes in Google+ the volume of spam might not change, but spam itself would be reported faster and more frequently. And by not using the service — either as individuals or professionally — Google further decreases the number of eyes on content. In reddit parlance: admins are asleep, post spam. But, imagine they never woke up. It's like an abandoned house covered with graffiti. If the landlord doesn't check in, and a lack of business keeps visitors from the area, all the people living in the neighborhood still have to put up with it. Unfortunately for Google, the cost for us to leave is 0. But fortunately for the neighbors, Google has promised to renovate soon. Tags Google Google Plus opinion spam subscribe ... Previous Story Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more ... Next Story Samsung's new SoundAssistant app gives you greater control over sound on your Galaxy device ... Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments 4Ui812 If Google+ Was a baby it would have been "still born" Francisco Franco No. Mace Moneta You're right, it wasn't dead on arrival. It was actually quite active for a while, and I hit about 80,000 followers. I followed hundreds of interesting people. Had thousands of great discussions. Then the spam started. We all complained to Google, but it was like talking to ourselves. After a while, I was spending most of my time on the service blocking spam, while all the people I followed gave up and left. I left about 6 months ago, as my feed slowly came to a halt due to the exodus. This is much the same sequence as all the social media sites that have come before. Great for a while, turns to crap, I move on. It was great while it lasted. If you're still finding G+ useful, more power to you. chromaniac The problem started when Google decided that they know what Google+ should be instead of what the users of the platform wanted it to be. I was part of the Google+ Help community and it was painful to see TCs and RSs repeating the same thing again and again every time a feature was killed or detached from the platform. In the last couple of months, there were one or two individual accounts that were posting updates. Most of which were teeny tiny enhancements or bug fixes that no one cared about. It's insane how badly they killed a solid platform with a small but dedicated user base. Of course, for a company the size of Google, a product needs to have a sizable user base which Google+ never attained. Too bad, instead of killing it like Google Reader, they keep on dragging it on and on and on insulting the remaining users/fans. bekifft And don't forget that they killed Google Reader specifically because it was seen as a threat to the growth of Google+. I'm still mad at them for that. bekifft There's no metaphor for Google+ as a baby, Google+ was more of a clone born out of a desperate fear of Facebook, combined with poor management. It was always a solution in search of a problem that only Google had and no one else saw as a problem. The start of Google+ and the reign of Larry Page perfectly coincide with the start of Google losing focus. It's been all downhill from there, from a user focus perspective. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Well stated. Cliff Wade Huge thanks to Ryne Hager for the mention and linking to my post. :) Ryne Hager Woo! Thanks for being cool with me doing it. First (real) op-ed. Cliff Wade @ryne_hager:disqus Any time man. Excellent article, but then again, it's written on AP, so you know it's going to be good! :) In all seriousness, really good article and a lot of good stuff was mentioned and discussed. I am a member of the G+ Early Access community, Google+ Create and Community Vanguards(got invited into the last two because of my post you linked to) and I can say there are quite a few things being worked on. One of which deals with spam but I can't elaborate unfortunately. It's just one small step towards what will be coming in the near future hopefully. Leo Deegan, Carter Gibson, LeAnne Osborne and others are very active on G+ and it's good to see things being discussed, both openly and in private communities about the future and updates to G+. I really feel there are some changes coming soon. Ryne Hager Good to hear! I am confident Google will be able to sort things out for the platform. yanick So many astrologers and this article is only opinion. Why didn't you asked them about G+ future? :-))) Ryne Hager Damn, I could have avoided writing this entirely. Next time. ScottColbert Gee, maybe that's why it's tagged as an editorial. #ReadingIsFundamental . Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de92c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de92c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs382ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de92c:....,..... Nick Coad Wooooosh abc Gee, you're an idiot. Mace Moneta Most of the people I followed on G+ starting leaving about a year ago due to the spam. I finally left about 6 months ago. Amazingly, Twitter was much better, though it obviously doesn't easily support long form content. So now, 18 months after the people I know started to leave, Google has decided to address the problem? Great. IainPurdie Gave up on G+ several months ago when they "updated" it. At that point, any posts I put up on my business page were "Me Only" and there was no way to change it. The page with the option to fix this was inaccessible. G+ became, essentially, useless. Plus, they never opened it up fully to allow third party apps to post to it as Twitter and FB have done, making it too much donkey work to use. Then there's the atrocious app that throws stuff from my feed at me in a worse, more random fashion than facebook. It's impossible to find a post you read two minutes ago. skeleton My girlfriend says she doesn't know how to work it, they need to make it more accessible to the average Joe. Suicide_Note Maybe your girlfriend isn't too bright to begin with? skeleton Maybe you're a fucking prick but that's not the point.. Suicide_Note Oh, i totally am, but that doesn't change the fact that your girl is a dim bulb. skeleton Good one, did that make your day? Suicide_Note No, but then it wasn't supposed to. Getting good news about my Porsche made my day, however. How's your day going? skeleton Oh shit you have a Porsche! My bad carry on.. Anunnaki Uninstalled it few months ago and have never looked back. catalysto Brave. abc lol, butthurt fanboy. catalysto So brave. Suicide_Note Courageous. abc fanboy's bum hurts. edmann Most of those spam posts come from middle eastern's and Indians. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Where else you gonna go if you need the services of Baba Ji: black magic specialist? NeilR Go to the US of A for some white magic from this white magic specialist. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/77b2e23f4aa5dd55b2ae37db1c66f39d6491b46ad995b00139dd807c92615697.gif PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ http://d.christianpost.com/full/101519/hillary-clinton-supporter-cries.jpg NeilR Yeah, everyone who doesn't like Trump has to be a feminist and a Hillary supporter. You must be one of those Alt Right bunch. Many Indian-Americans supported Trump, too bad they never met racist dipsthits like you else they'd have surely reconsidered. P.S. Did you just link to a pic on christianpost.com? Oh I see, that's why you don't like Indians. Too many heathens there? abc lol. It must be nice being American. In your tiny world, everyone either supports Trump or Hillary. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It must be nice being American. http://i.onionstatic.com/avclub/2294/30/16x9/960.jpg aRvInD Sadly true. Those spammers clearly target all android beginners and spam them with irrelevant ads. Come here and most economical public buses have exactly same such fake astrology ads all over... NeilR You can find spam anywhere in the world but at least those fake astrology ads are simple enough to be brushed off as most people as spam. NeilR Just because the author of the article linked a few screenshots of spam posts you assume most of the spam on Google+ comes from middle east and India. Nice. Any other sweeping generalizations you make? abc No.1 in spam!! 'Murica, fuck yeah! Ryne Hager You are right, the images are a bit too repetitive. Just to make it clear we didn't intend to single anyone out, I've changed a few of the images in the editorial. Vikas For me Google+ is just a tool to signup for beta or tech support of any app or product. chromaniac Google removed that requirement long time ago. Google+ Sign-in because Google Sign-in. Hamza Abass grateful permit easy access to my google+ account at any time. Vikas These Astrologer, Lost Lover and Champcash spammers can be found everywhere here in India. Carlos Eugênio Meanwhile many normal posts are being considered spam without the option or possibility to approve them in our communities. Schultzter I still say there's nothing new in Google+ that Google didn't already have in their existing products. Their effort would have been much better improving the products they had, keep them separate but make it easy to move from one to the other from within Google. There's no point trying to build a better Facebook now that everyone is already on Facebook. chromaniac The way Google f'ed it up after departure of Vic is astonishing. I finally deleted my account 2 weeks ago. I only miss following the posts of few folks who I believe only post on Google+. But the user experience had become so painful that it was time to say it goodbye. Unbelievable what Google did with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It's not like you can just crack the social media market and become relevant at will, regardless of resources at your disposal. I can sort of imagine the reasons why Twitter got so popular, but don't think it would be easy to try to replicate it. YuCMi You're right, it also takes some awareness and a plan. Both of which Google never seemed to have. Stu I still use it but solely to perform the basic functions that Google Spaces did before Google stopped developing for it. aRvInD When many Googlers who write Android code still use iPhone as primary devices clearly says they themselves aren't interested much in their products... Harsh but truth..! Zsolt V Harsh but a lie. aRvInD Lie?? When why iPhone's Google apps often contain some new features before they get pushed to android beta users? Zsolt V Often? It happens very rarely and then it's because different teams work on different platforms. But what the fuck does that have anything to do with Google+? Or do you really think that the choice that person makes has any influence on the release schedule? At least at Google there is a choice. Can you imagine an Apple employee using a non-iPhone or non-Mac? Vantius Google+ in it's early days had a lot of interesting and new ideas to social media. The idea of putting people into groups based on interests and assigning audiences to posts based on those groups was a great idea. The idea of being able share live videos was a good idea too. It forced Facebook to adapt and improve it's own services. But, Google lost sight and IMHO started going downhill on the introduction of collections. it became obvious that they didn't know which way to take it. András Oláh I think Collections was a great idea but terrible implementation especially after the material design update. If it is a pain to manage your own collections and required 5+ clicks to set the collection you want to post to, no wonder no-one will use it. And the Collections landing page is even more terrible, there is zero visual indication whether a followed collection has any new content or not. I stopped following new collections because I felt that there is no point, as I will never see again those post in my stream. I stopped using more than 4 collections because of the inconvenient UI of switching collections. catalysto Sharing to collections is very easy. Sharing a photo to the G+ app, you can choose any collection or group you want right at the top. Metallinatus But.... did the black mage solve your problem? Ryne Hager 'course they did. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/495e00ef0755a130a47e98be9a9c81d1d83b992ccf87a3ab2b590f99a9c25400.gif Urmil Shroff I hope they do something about this, quickly. Peter Garlinski Maybe I'm one of the few, but Google+ works quite well and I've never encountered spam. Maybe it's because I've spent time with getting my circles setup with legitimate, decent people I want to get content from. With Facebook, I find it harder to really cut through the crap to talk to new people. Google+ makes it easier to do that. If Facebook ditched their awful feed concept, I would use it more, but right now Google+ is my go to platform. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ I'll second that never encountering much spam on Google+ part, at least compared to Facebook. I'm admin on a couple of user groups on Facebook and this week I had to ban at least 15 people for posting Malaysian child pornography videos..imagine. I mean I'd take astrology and sexy love any day over that despicable content. Timothy Vreeland I'll third it. I never see spam on G+. Where are the authors seeing it? My feed just has regular posts from my friends. Thomas Cole I get the job done from comfort of my own home, through simple projects which only needs only from you a Computer in addition to connection to the web and I am just more successful than ever before... After 6 months during this project and i got paid for overall 36,000 usd... Generally I acquire nearly 80 bucks/hr and also work for 3 to 4 hrs daily.And superb thing with this task is usually that you can also supervise time period whenever you work and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check in one week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I work from ease and comfort of my house, with quick tasks that only require from you a Computer system together with connection to the internet and I am also pleasant than ever before... After six months with this project and therefore i acquired compensated overall Thirty six Thousand dollars... Mainly I get near eighty bucks/h and also work for three to four hrs daily.And tremendous factor regarding this job is usually that you can arrange your time whenever you work and for how long as you may like and you earn a paycheck weekly........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now Michael Schaap If you make a post on Google+, and there's nobody there to read it, does it have an impact? YuCMi No, because it's probably spam. YuCMi Google+ doesn't have any quality content in their trending page. At one point I wondered if it could emulate Reddit, but there's no -1 button or a way to block all the cringe teenager oriented communities. If only Google+ let their users decide what they want to see. Instead you have absolute garbage trending. Dmitry Stepanushkin IMPORTANT - You could be entitled up to £3,160 in compensation from mis-sold PPI on a credit card or loan. Please reply PPI for info or STOP to opt out. Just kidding😂 Lord Argyris That black magic specialist stuff seems to be the in thing for spammers these days. I've seen it several other places lately. Robin Hugli I use Google + a lot, not as social media but for all community for apps , beta apps community and all Android roms and development community or all popular tech news website etc , it's really good and quite active. But that's true,if a community for example become less active, like an app community that isn't updated often and the community become a bit dead , it become a spam place , many spam posts as the moderator isn't active. It's quite sad. What I suggested: on telegram, the owner of the chat can add administrators bots , that can detect spam or unsuitable post , automatically delete those posts , ban or warm people. That can be very useful on Google plus. Ryan Its really hard to care at this point. Google+ had some decent ideas around social but it was too late to the game so they "forced" people onto the platform by moving services that shouldn't have been there onto there. I only had G+ for photos and sharing location (when they stripped latitude from Google Maps). And both of those rolled out with LESS functionality as a part of G+ than they did prior. Right or wrong by being forced to use G+ to get them AND the stripped functionality it created a negative association with G+ for me. I was ready for G+ to die from day one and was glad when it did (died as in I can finally uninstall the app because Google isnt forcing me into it). That was the day that location sharing returned to where it should have been all along, Google Maps. Now I have to look forward to the failure of Allo/Duo so Google can return to a real all-in-one messaging platform like what Hangouts was becoming. Sadly it will probably be 3 years from now and nobody will care because they will be even farther behind than they already are. Fruity101079 I don't know if G+ is good or not, I never understand exactly how to navigate, explore, etc... Ui doesn't seem ergonomic, for me. Allen Martin G+ is actually a great platform in terms of what it offers and from a technology standpoint. It just doesn't have ubiquity, which makes it undesirable. And it's cool to make fun of the underdog. I actually use G+ as a news feed for tech news - and most tech news sites post to it regularly (even Android Police). If it ever goes away, I won't be upset but it would be cool if it realizes potential greater than what it is. derp_cookies I'm the owner of the C++ community on Google+ with just over 100,000 users. Spam is absolutely insane. Granted, they're pretty good at flagging spam, but I had to switch all posts to require moderation because it was so bad. My list of banned users is tens of thousands long. They definitely have a spam problem; maybe normal folks won't notice it, and it's more of an issue with communities? Also side note: Is it possible to read a headline somewhere about Google+ without the word "dead" in it? Kieron Quinn I'm an admin of the XDA community (unofficial, 188K members), we used to have loads of spam but it's dropped significantly recently. How many moderators do you have? derp_cookies About 4 at the moment. D.Smithee *crickets* abc Good. Can't wait for it to die. One less piece of Google bloatware on my phone. Gabby Now if we could only get the same examination of Disqus spam. Almost all of it looks so similar that their continuing failure to block it makes me suspect they are actually profiting from the spam somehow. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.331s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
