null
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About GOOGLE Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter sign up Untitled-1 00/00 Pokémon Sun and Moon creatures could be heading to Pokémon Go Pokémon Sun and Moon creatures could be heading to Pokémon Go Pokemon Go 2 days ago Want to be better with money? Learn a new language Want to be better with money? Learn a new language Ideas Bank 4 days ago What is Kodi? A beginner's guide to the home media server What is Kodi? A beginner's guide to the home media server WIRED Explains 1 day ago Amazing animals: how wildlife is inspiring science and technology Amazing animals: how wildlife is inspiring science and technology Animals 2 days ago PS4 Pro vs Xbox One S - which is the best console? PS4 Pro vs Xbox One S - which is the best console? Gaming 08 Sep 2016 The science of Arrival: what the film got right (and wrong) The science of Arrival: what the film got right (and wrong) Aliens 1 day ago Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained Space 1 day ago 10 WIRED stories you may have missed this week 10 WIRED stories you may have missed this week Wired Weekender 2 days ago From Nasa to climate change: how the Trump presidency will impact science, tech and culture From Nasa to climate change: how the Trump presidency will impact science, tech and culture Donald Trump 4 days ago What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? Physics 2 days ago Here's every game that's getting a PS4 Pro upgrade Here's every game that's getting a PS4 Pro upgrade PS4 04 Nov 2016 Snail love, Trump's tech impact: Podcast 293 Snail love, Trump's tech impact: Podcast 293 Podcast 3 days ago Here are the new emoji to expect in 2017 – from T-rex to exploding heads, breastfeeding and beards Here are the new emoji to expect in 2017 – from T-rex to exploding heads, breastfeeding and beards Emoji 2 days ago Instagram Stories adds links, mentions and support for Boomerang Instagram Stories adds links, mentions and support for Boomerang Instagram 3 days ago Finish him! AI can now play Mortal Kombat better than you Finish him! AI can now play Mortal Kombat better than you Artificial Intelligence 2 days ago Snapbots have landed! Vending machines selling Snapchat Spectacles arrive in the US Snapbots have landed! Vending machines selling Snapchat Spectacles arrive in the US Snapchat 2 days ago WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication Whatsapp 2 days ago Black Mirror's horrific people-rating app is now a reality. Sort of Black Mirror's horrific people-rating app is now a reality. Sort of Netflix 3 days ago Play Overwatch for free next weekend on Xbox, PS4 and PC Play Overwatch for free next weekend on Xbox, PS4 and PC Overwatch 3 days ago Where Instagram goes next: Kevin Systrom on copying rivals, VR and cutting off dead weight Where Instagram goes next: Kevin Systrom on copying rivals, VR and cutting off dead weight Instagram 3 days ago DeepMind and OpenBionics among the winners at the WIRED Audi Innovation Awards DeepMind and OpenBionics among the winners at the WIRED Audi Innovation Awards WIRED Audi Innovation Awards 4 days ago Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired sign up to newsletter Top stories Pokémon Sun and Moon creatures could be heading to Pokémon Go Pokémon Sun and Moon creatures could be heading to Pokémon Go Pokemon Go 2 days ago Want to be better with money? Learn a new language Want to be better with money? Learn a new language Ideas Bank 4 days ago What is Kodi? A beginner's guide to the home media server What is Kodi? A beginner's guide to the home media server WIRED Explains 1 day ago Amazing animals: how wildlife is inspiring science and technology Amazing animals: how wildlife is inspiring science and technology Animals 2 days ago PS4 Pro vs Xbox One S - which is the best console? PS4 Pro vs Xbox One S - which is the best console? Gaming 08 Sep 2016 The science of Arrival: what the film got right (and wrong) The science of Arrival: what the film got right (and wrong) Aliens 1 day ago Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained Planets, black holes, quasars and more: space terms explained Space 1 day ago 10 WIRED stories you may have missed this week 10 WIRED stories you may have missed this week Wired Weekender 2 days ago From Nasa to climate change: how the Trump presidency will impact science, tech and culture From Nasa to climate change: how the Trump presidency will impact science, tech and culture Donald Trump 4 days ago What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? Physics 2 days ago Here's every game that's getting a PS4 Pro upgrade Here's every game that's getting a PS4 Pro upgrade PS4 04 Nov 2016 Snail love, Trump's tech impact: Podcast 293 Snail love, Trump's tech impact: Podcast 293 Podcast 3 days ago Here are the new emoji to expect in 2017 – from T-rex to exploding heads, breastfeeding and beards Here are the new emoji to expect in 2017 – from T-rex to exploding heads, breastfeeding and beards Emoji 2 days ago Instagram Stories adds links, mentions and support for Boomerang Instagram Stories adds links, mentions and support for Boomerang Instagram 3 days ago Finish him! AI can now play Mortal Kombat better than you Finish him! AI can now play Mortal Kombat better than you Artificial Intelligence 2 days ago Snapbots have landed! Vending machines selling Snapchat Spectacles arrive in the US Snapbots have landed! Vending machines selling Snapchat Spectacles arrive in the US Snapchat 2 days ago WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication Whatsapp 2 days ago Black Mirror's horrific people-rating app is now a reality. Sort of Black Mirror's horrific people-rating app is now a reality. Sort of Netflix 3 days ago Play Overwatch for free next weekend on Xbox, PS4 and PC Play Overwatch for free next weekend on Xbox, PS4 and PC Overwatch 3 days ago Where Instagram goes next: Kevin Systrom on copying rivals, VR and cutting off dead weight Where Instagram goes next: Kevin Systrom on copying rivals, VR and cutting off dead weight Instagram 3 days ago DeepMind and OpenBionics among the winners at the WIRED Audi Innovation Awards DeepMind and OpenBionics among the winners at the WIRED Audi Innovation Awards WIRED Audi Innovation Awards 4 days ago Google Google to highlight fact-checking articles with new labels Articles shown by verified fact checkers will display a label in Google News By Matt Burgess 16 Oct 2016 By Matt Burgess Sunday 16 October 2016 Google The post-truth era of 2016 has seen the importance of fact checking rise to a new level. So much so, Google is now rewarding organisations and media outlets that produce the debunking content. ADVERTISEMENT Articles appearing in Google News that meet the search giant's definition of checking facts will now display a small tag saying this is the case. "You’ll see the tagged articles in the expanded story box on news.google.com and in the Google News and Weather iOS and Android apps, starting with the US and the UK," the Silicon Valley firm said in a blog post. Read more WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for November 11 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for November 11 By WIRED The 'Fact Check' label will join the 'In-Depth', 'Opinion', and 'Wikipedia' tags that are currently used by Google to differentiate between articles. The company has used the tags to show "diversity of content" since 2007. When Google first started tagging articles in this way, it said: "We've heard from some of our users that the way we displayed these blogs in Google News was not very clear". The move to highlight fact checking is no different. "We’ve heard that many readers enjoy having easy access to a diverse range of content types". ADVERTISEMENT Google isn't arbitrarily deciding which websites count as fact checkers though. "Google News determines whether an article might contain fact checks in part by looking for the schema.org ClaimReview markup," it explained. The Schema is a community-decided set of data and structure that indicates a set standard needed to classify as a fact-checking site. Share this article RECOMMENDED Fact-checking Hollywood #1 Interstellar Fact-checking Hollywood #1 Interstellar By João Medeiros Interstellar 17 Nov 2014 #InternautDay and post-truth news in the Facebook era #InternautDay and post-truth news in the Facebook era By James Temperton Tim Berners-Lee 24 Aug 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for August 24 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for August 24 By WIRED Wired Awake 24 Aug 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 28 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 28 By WIRED Wired Awake 28 Jun 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2016
Skip to navigation (Press Enter). Skip to sub navigation (Press Enter). Skip to main content (Press Enter). Home About About HC+T About Shel Holtz Services Speaking Social/Digital Media Employee communications Podcasting Services Coordinates Resources Link Blog Books Research and Statistics Blogs and Podcasts Mobile for Communicators Content Strategies and Media Companies Google+ Resources Social Media Primers Social Media Policies Social Media Access The Shel Holtz Daily Calendar Blog Virtual and Augmented Reality Contact Friday Wrap #189: Facebook’s Workplace, Wells Fargo’s crisis plan, consumers’ cross-platform habits 2016-10-14 Posted on October 14, 2016 1:25 pm by Shel Holtz | Virtual and Augmented Reality | Sharing and Collaborating | Content | Pinterest | Brands | Business | Channels | Crisis Communication | Facebook | Intranets | Marketing | Media | Mobile | PR | Research | Search | Social Media | Social networks | Twitter | Video Kindle I extract items for the Friday Wrap from my link blog, which you’re welcome to follow. To make sure you never miss an issue, subscribe to my weekly email briefing. News Facebook’s Workplace arrives—In tests it was called Facebook at Work, but now that it’s available to any organization that wants to pony up for it, Facebook has named its workplace messaging tool Workplace. Designed to take on popular tools like Slack, Hipchat, Yammer, and Chatter, Workplace brings a Facebook-like interface to the enterprise. The tool features groups, updates, the ability to tag people, share files, chat with multiple colleagues, and publish material. Options also include one-on-one video calls, group audio calls, and Facebook Live-like video broadcasts. The service is $3 per user per month for the first 1,000 users, $2 per user per month for the next group up to 10,000 users, then $1 per user per month for more than 10,000. A 3-month trial is available at no charge. The takeaway: Facebook will have to overcome corporate resistance to employees using Facebook, but built-in familiarity with the interface is a huge benefit. I’m not ready to predict success, but Workplace has all the makings of a blockbuster product—and the pricing is highly competitive. With hooks into other enterprise systems, it could be the future intranet in a lot of organizations. Read more Fake news persists on Facebook’s trending topics—It has been weeks since Facebook promised to address the flood of fake news its algorithms were injecting into its Trending feature after the company axed its human editors after allegations of bias. A Washington Post experiment found that the fake stories are still a problem. Between August 31 and September 22, the Post found five “indisputably fake” trending stories and three “profoundly inaccurate” items. The takeaway: Facebook insists it’s not a media company. They’re wrong. It’s one of the most powerful media companies in the world and this is a problem it must fix. In the meantime, do what I do: Ignore the trending items (or at least view them with a grain of salt) until they get this right. Read more Wells Fargo presents its crisis plan—On a conference call with 500 of its senior executives, Wells Fargo said business would decline more due to its scandal before things start to improve. Among the plans are “listening tours” undertaken by a new community bank executive, regular memos and videos to employees, and increased proactive communication with large investors. The company has also launched “Project Duel,” designed to “clarify roles and responsibilities and to improve oversight and controls and reduce duplication.” The bank will also investigate claims of retaliation from employees who called its ethics hotline. Wells Fargo has also bought more social media advertising than usual and plans more proactive customer outreach. The takeaway: It’s hard to deduce much from a report of a private conference call, but what’s missing here is a dedicated effort to rebuild public trust. The call was led by former CEO John Strumpf just before he resigned. Read more Google introduces fact-checking—A new Google feature tags and helps users find “fact-checking in large news stories. Tagged articles will show up in the new story box” on Google News, along with the News and Weather app for iOS and Android. Google will search for actual markup in the source code of the site reporting the news, then seek pages “that follow the commonly accepted criteria for fact checks.” The takeaway: The torrent of lies in the current “post-truth” election cycle is most likely the catalyst for this new feature, but its impact could be felt far beyond the world of politics. For example, spin-focused PR could be subjected to fact-checking that will be seen by any of Google’s massive audience of news readers. Read more Pinterest adds 50 million users in one year—Pinterest’s monthly active user numbers jumped 50%, from 100 million a year ago to 150 million now. In that time, some users have added some 75 billion pins. More than half of the Pinterest’s users and 75% of new users are from outside the U.S. Men now make up 40% of the user base, up 70% from a year ago. The takeaway: Pinterest’s numbers aren’t even close to Twitter’s, but don’t let that fool you. Its influence is huge, serving 3 trillion recommendations per year. Research finds that Pinterest has an outsized influence on purchase decisions. Read more Twitter tries yet another tweak—Twitter is apparently throwing anything against the wall to see what sticks. Now it’s the possible replacement of the Moments tab with “explore, which focuses more on content discovery. Explore spotlights trending topics and search alongside the content you’ve seen in Moments. The takeaway: Focusing on discovery could help, especially with new users more easily finding content they like, but it still smells like desperation now that there seem to be no suitors for the company. Read more GE startup wants to change the way you work—Fuse is the name of a GE startup that “will test a hugely ambitious and radical approach to creating new companies through processes and technologies designed to harness the work of global crowds of experts.” The company’s approach could (according to GE) reduce the cycle time from idea to product by half “through automation of best practices and a collaborative technology platform that collectivizes and engages expert talent wherever it is.” The takeaway: There are huge changes coming to the way work is configured. Even blockchain technology will play an outsized role. Stay tuned. Read more Google buys influencer marketing company—FameBit connects brands with YouTube stars for the creation of marketing content. Google acquired the company to help it grow the number of branded opportunities and increase YouTube revenue. The takeaway: It hasn’t been hyperbole when pundits have declared influencer marketing the most important form of marketing these days. consumers pay more attention to people they know and online celebrities they follow than they do to companies and brands. I don’t doubt that we’ll see more companies crop up that help connect marketers with influencers, especially as companies recognize the value of lesser-known influencers who have sway within a niche. Read more Video Periscope lets broadcasters stream from any live-video feed—Up until now, Twitter’s Periscope required you to broadcast from your smartphone. In an effort to attract more high-quality content from brands and broadcasters, Twitter has introduced Periscope Producer, which allows broadcasters to stream any live-video feed, such as a local news broadcast or a fashion show. Not just anyone can use Producer, though; you have to apply for access. The takeaway: Whether this will help Twitter attract users and advertisers remains to be seen. Numbers are up for its Thursday night NFL broadcast, but most people just watch for a few minutes, making it a less-than-appealing proposition for advertisers. It does, however, speak to the increasing overall popularity of live-streaming video as a television alternative (which, of course, you can now watch on your TV, per the next item). Read more Facebook videos come to your TV—If you have Apple TV or Chromecast, you can watch Facebook videos on your television; it works now on iOS and the Web; Android functionality if a couple weeks away. Facebook’s support for these devices follows Twitter’s release of apps for watching video on Apple TV and Amazon Fire TV. The takeaway: The lines continue to blur between channels that once were clearly separate. Communicators need to think about how their content will work across these eroding boundaries. But wait. There’s more. Read the next item. Read more Cross-platform video ads are the new normal—Marketers are distributing video ads across a broad spectrum of devices and platforms. While obstacles remain to a full-on advertising ecosystem, the trend makes sense given eMarketer’s projection that more than 70% of Internet users will use smartphones concurrently with TV at least once a month by 2018, while those who use their computers with TV will grow to 52.8% With this kind of multitasking a common behavior, advertisers will make sure their videos spots show up in all possible viewing devices. The takeaway: See the previous two items. The lines are blurring between devices. Communicators and marketers must start thinking multichannel as the normal state of things. Read more YouTube draws debate viewers—Just in case you’re not convinced yet that the distinctions between channels are getting less important, consider that 20% fewer people watched the second U.S. presidential debate on TV than watched the first, but YouTube drew 124 million live views of the debate, a 40% increase over the first. Further, 3.2 million watched on Twitter and 7.4 million on Facebook. The takeaway: Even podcasts are now being streamed on Pandora. The medium is become far less important than the content. I wonder what Marshall McLuhan would think. Read more UPS launches new video series—A few weeks ago I reported on Kotex’s YouTube vampire series, “Carmilla.” Now UPS is joining the fray but taking the reality TV route with “The Elevator Pitch,” a three-part miniseries with contestants riding the Chicago Tribune Tower elevator while pitching a business idea to Marcus Lemonis, a billionaire host of a CNBC series. One winner in each episode will receive a $10,000 prize from The UPS Store. The takeaway: Every company is a media company. It’s a good idea to start pondering what kind of TV-like content you can deliver to YouTube (and beyond) that draws viewers, bolsters your brand, and gets people talking and sharing. Read more Trends Publishers up the personalization ante—Twenty years ago, MIT Media Lab Director Nicholas Negroponte coined the term “The Daily Me” in his book “Being Digital.” The idea was that publishers would deliver newspapers tailored entirely to each subscriber’s tastes, interests, and preferences. His vision is coming closer to reality, with publishers customizing sites based on user data. The Atlantic is one example, targeting readers with messages “based one everything from what its readers consume to the status of their subscriptions.” The takeaway: The tools are emerging for any site with a subscriber base to customize its content. What disturbs me is the lack of interest in applying these technologies to employee communications, where customization is usually limited to geographic location, business unit, and an employee’s rank in the company hierarchy. Check out the next two items for additional takes on customization. Read more Expedia recommends travel destination based on facial expressions—If you have a webcam when you’re cruising Expedia looking for a place to vacation, your facial expressions will help you find just the spot. Okay, it’s a little more specific than that. You have to visit the “Discover Your Aloha” site, and the destinations you’ll find are all in Hawaii. The takeaway: This campaign for the Hawaii Tourism Authority is a taste of what’s coming. Again, I see internal communication applications, too, gauging employee responses to initiatives, benefits changes, and other news. Read more Billboards will deliver targeted messages—At least, that’s the idea behind a Yahoo patent for a smart billboard that uses cameras, microphones, and other sensors to gather data on passers-by in order to project just the right ad. For example, detecting an expensive vehicle passing by could, along with knowing the time of day and other information, result in the billboard displaying an ad that’s relevant and appropriate to an upscale demographic. The takeaway: Just wait until the billboard can tap into your car’s digital communication system, such as Android Auto! While I find this one a bit creepy, it bolsters the notion that communication will grow increasingly personalized. Read more Big data could change crisis communications—The best crisis communication plans aren’t tooled to deal with the firehose of commentary and reporting across the digital world. Because modern crises are fueled by data, data needs to be a big part of a modern plan. “Data will reveal critical trends, patterns, and insights in the wake of a crisis to empower communications, PR, public affairs, and marketing teams.” The takeaway: I suspect a few companies will start to figure out how to integrate real-time data into crisis communications, but too many companies don’t have plans at all. (Among those that do, very few drill those plans.) Consequently, crises are going to have bigger and bigger impacts on companies as they spread and grow over digital channels. Read more Bisquick accelerates real-time marketing’s demise—There is growing evidence that real-time marketing is giving way to real-time public affairs. Bisquick’s marketing tweet during the second presidential debate demonstrates the tin-eared approach too many companies have taken to efforts to ride the coattails of cultural events. The tweet: “We’re answering your questions LIVE tonight during the debate! tweet @Bisquick or #PancakesvsWaffles to chat.” The response was less than enthusiastic. Read more New overtime regulations create internal communications challenge—The U.S. Department of Labor’s new overtime regulations could result in reclassification of many employees from salaried to hourly positions. Reactions from employees who could be subject to the status change has been mixed. The takeaway: If your company has employees who could find themselves in this situation, you need to start communicating now in order to minimize the impact on morale and productivity. Read more Advertisers spend more on social media than TV—Producing a great TV commercial was once the holy grail of advertising, but TV ad spending is declining while digital advertising is trending upward. In fact, this year digital ad spending has outpaced TV buys. Advertisers will spend $71.29 billion on TV and $72.09 billion on digital, which represents 36.8 of all media ad spending. The takeaway: The article has its own takeaway with which I completely agree: If you’re spending money on advertising, mobile is your best bet. There’s a lot of “it depends” in that statement, though, including what you’re advertising and to whom. Read more Mobile and Wearables Google is building an index just for mobile—Google’s search index covers everything, whether you’re searching on a smartphone or from your desktop. Soon, though, a search from your mobile device will use a separate mobile index that is more up-to-date. The takeaway: The transition to a mobile world continues apace. The fact that a desktop index won’t be as up-to-date as the mobile one speaks volumes. Read more SMS is a popular target for spam—Messaging’s star is rising, which makes it an appealing target for spammers. SMS text messaging is particularly vulnerable, with more than half of SMS users worldwide getting spam at least once a week; more than 25% say they receive unsolicited pitches every day. More than a quarter of mobile message app users are also receiving spam via their messaging apps at the same clip, though app users aren’t experiencing the problem to the same degree as SMS users. In fact, app users were almost twice as likely to report never receiving spam as their SMS counterparts. The takeaway: The obvious message is: Don’t send spam; build relationships instead. Also, it makes sense to focus on apps as fed-up SMS users begin making the transition just to get away from the spam. Read more Augmented messaging comes to video chat app—Tribe introduced a new version of its chat app that “listens to your conversation, and when keywords are identified—like a product, celebrity, calendar event, brand, or movie title—natural language processes convert speech to text and the words appear on the screen.” Users can tap the word to get to the Amazon listing for the item, a new calendar event, a Wikipedia page, or an Uber. The video messaging and chat company also closed a $3 million seed investment round. The takeaway: Natural language processing is going to paly a bigger and bigger role in most of our interactions with devices. Amazon’s Echo is one example, as is the new Google Assistant. Integration into video messaging is a natural next step. Have you started considering the role it could play in your brand’s offerings? Read more Snapchat makes Discover content harder to find—A small change to Snapchat’s interface has put user Stories at the top of the Stories page, moving publishers’ Discover content below your friends’ stories. If you have a lot of friends on Snapchat, you could have to scroll a ways before you find the Discover content. The takeaway: Snapchat seems to be following Facebook in its focus on user content at the expense of its paying publishers. Read more Virtual and Augmented Reality IMAX is opening a Virtual Reality Center—Movie company IMAX is opening a new VR Center for Europe, part of its move into virtual reality. Another is being opened in Los Angeles. “The facilities will offer a selection of VR experiences that range between 5 and 15 minutes and that are sourced both from Hollywood studios and game publishers.” The takeaway: VR will be everywhere. Watch for VR stations at retailers, some from the retailer itself and some from brands sold there. I can even see movie theaters with VR headsets for viewing immersive trailers. Brace yourself. Read more Facebook introduces VR emoji gestures—VR emoji are a Facebook innovation designed to convey in a virtual environment what you’re feeling. For example, shaking yur fist will turn your VR avatar’s face angry. Putting your hands on your face to express shock will produce a shocked emoji. Pump your hands in the air and your emoji will show joy. Just as emoji are attached to text messages to convey an emotion, VR emoji will “alleviate…sentiment ambiguity that exists in social VR as you don’t usually see someone’s real face.” The takeaway: Now that VR is building momentum as a consumer product, more sophisticated features will stream out of companies involved in VR’s development. Facebook and Google will be among the leaders in this space for now. Read more Apple is focusing on Augmented Reality—During a trip to Japan, Apple CEO Tim Cook confirmed that the company is more interested in Augmented than Virtual Reality “because it can enhance and amplify human experiences.” Said Cook, “We are high on AR for the long run. I think AR can be huge.” The takeaway: While there is no word on specific products, expect some serious innovation from Apple to compete with efforts from Microsoft (HoloLens) and MagicLeap, which has amassed considerable funding, including half a billion dollars from Google. Read more Research Let employees tell the values stories—Employee engagement is built, in part, on employees who are aligned with the company’s values and detect no say-do gap among leaders. But leaders telling stories about values has a significantly smaller impact on employees than hearing tales shared by their colleagues. According to a study, “stories of CEOs and leaders’ commitment, perseverance, and strength have no impact on their employees’ level of commitment to the organization’s values.” It’s the stories they hear about their co-workers that prove “to be influential means through which organizational values are embedded in newcomers’ behaviors.” The takeaway: This doesn’t mean C-level executives shouldn’t make sure employees can see that their actions are consistent with the values, nor does it mean it can’t be executives who tell the stories of their front-line staff. When a U.S. president tells the story of an ordinary citizen during the State of the Union, it can be a powerful communication technique that also demonstrates high-ranking leaders value their workers on an individual level. Communicators should also find these employee stories for sharing through a broad range of communication channels. The more they can be built into the company’s narrative, the more influential they’ll become. Read more “Gig economy” isn’t all that big yet—For several years now, we’ve been bombarded with pronouncements of the evolution to a “gig economy,” with “free agents” providing services for “sharing economy” companies like Uber and AirBnB. The number of people participating in this economy has reached 162 million, according to the McKinsey Global Institute, about 20-30% of the working age population. Don’t get too excited, though, since only 15% of independent workers have used a digital platform to earn income—only about 4% of the working-age population. The potential of the digital platforms will grow, though. The takeaway: The key is not in the numbers, but in the potential for digital platforms—which mediate between a company and a worker—could “challenge established notions of how companies are organized,” according to McKinsey. Read more This week’s wrap image, from Ron Cogswell’s Flickr account, shows the facade of the new National museum of African American History, which is wrapped entirely in an ornamental bronze-colored metal lattice, which pays “homage to the intricate ironwork that was crafted by enslaved African Americans in Louisiana, South Carolina, and elsewhere.” 10/14/16 | 0 Comments | Friday Wrap #189: Facebook’s Workplace, Wells Fargo’s crisis plan, consumers’ cross-platform habits Comment Form Enter Your Comment: Your Name: Your Email: Location: URL: Remember my personal information Notify me of follow-up comments? What is the four-letter acronym for the Society for New Communications Reseach? Please enter the acronym below: « Back Email: .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) Phone: +1.415.881.7435 Cell: 925.864.2249 Skype: shelholtz Twitter: @shelholtz E-Newsletter Sign Up For timely updates, please join our newsletter list: Subscribe to HC+T Update, Shel Holtz’s email newsletter. Categories Sort by Category: --Select Category-- Employee Engagement (4)Chatbots (25)Virtual and Augmented Reality (46)Management (9)The Workplace Experience (39)Sharing and Collaborating (31)Economics (6)Content (201)Instagram (92)Healthcare (10)Visual Communication (112)Wearables (20)Pinterest (52)Advertising (126)Attention (23)Audio (34)Augmented Reality (25)Blogging (453)Books (39)Brands (226)Business (451)Channels (77)Content Curation (53)crayon (3)Crisis Communication (123)Customer Service (64)Death Watch (20)Edge Content (4)Ethics (86)External (113)Facebook (239)For Immediate Release (1388)FriendFeed (1)Geek Dinners (3)Gamification (26)General (232)IABC (40)Google+ (30)Instant Messaging (19)Internal (249)Deconstructing Larkin (11)Intranets (70)Legal (77)Listing (1)Location-based Services (24)Marketing (332)Measurement (77)Media (304)Mobile (218)Monitoring (21)New Media (32)Participatory Communication (32)Podcasting (190)Pointers (10)Politics (62)PR (336)Presentations (11)Publishing (62)QR Codes (25)Research (173)RSS (65)Search (42)Second Life (36)Skype (12)SNCR (11)Social Media (645)Social Networking (81)Social networks (107)Speaking (10)Tagging and Microformats (4)Technology (257)Transparency (40)Trust (37)Twitter (205)Video (134)Web (79)Web3D (3)Widgets (7)Wikis (31)Wireless (8)Writing and Editing (23) Connect             HC+T on Google+  Follow @shelholtz My Pitch Policy Upcoming Engagements Calendar RSS » Latest Podcast Episodes For Immediate Release A weekly podcast for professional communicators from Shel Holtz, ABC and Neville Hobson, ABC. November 08, 2016 The Voice #102: How to Build an Award-Winning Communications Plan November 08, 2016 DIGITAL INDIA #075 : News You Can Use on Digital India November 07, 2016 For Immediate Release #60: One Day More November 07, 2016 Inside PR 456: What if we went to a destination only to find it had disappeared? November 04, 2016 The Crisis Show #118: Live Streaming & Crisis Management November 03, 2016 #124: Kent Gustavson & Mitchell Levy on Democratizing Content Podcast Feed »   ©2016 Holtz Communications + Technology | Sitemap | Terms of Use | Site by NetRaising This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists World News Home You mag Event Books Food Promos Mail Shop Bingo Blogs IPhone App Property Motoring My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad L-G crackdown: CM Arvind Kejriwal faces 'nepotism' charge after Shunglu committee finds out his relative's appointment 'was done without the post being advertised publicly' Probe report submitted to the office of Delhi L-G has found that the AAP misused taxpayers’ money Delhi government spent Rs 1.58 crore to advertise on Facebook, YouTube and Google promotions Jung’s office is also probing the appointment of Dr Nikunj Aggarwal as officer on special duty to Delhi Health Minister Satyendra Jain  Read more India news at www.dailymail.co.uk/indiahome By Rahul Kanwal Published: 19:31 EST, 14 October 2016 | Updated: 19:32 EST, 14 October 2016 e-mail 82 shares View comments A probe report submitted to the office of Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung has found that the AAP government misused taxpayers’ money to expand the party’s political base outside the city and separately nailed “nepotism” under Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal’s watch.  As per the documents accessed by India Today TV, the Delhi government spent Rs 1.58 crore to advertise on Facebook, YouTube and Google.  What raises questions about this publicity campaign is the target audience.  The CM is in the dock over the appointment of a relative as officer on special duty to Delhi health minister Satyendra Jain Official documents show the AAP’s social-media advertisements were aimed at Goa, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat, where the party hopes to expand its political footprint.  For instance a web-based interactive programme 'Talk to AK' was launched by AAP purportedly to extend an opportunity to the residents to question their CM. But the L-G’s probe report has found that the project catered to audience in other states.  The Arvind Kejriwal-led government has been jostling with the Centre for control on land, police and administrative powers over the bureaucracy that is currently in the hands of the L-G who reports to the union home ministry.  The Delhi High Court said in August that LG is the administrative head of the Capital and the state government must consult him on all decisions.  The Arvind Kejriwal-led government has been jostling with the Centre for control on land, police and administrative powers over the bureaucracy The Aam Aadmi Party government challenged this decision in the Supreme Court, which will hear the final arguments on November 15.  Following the High Court ruling in his favour, Jung formed the three-member panel to scan files to check “irregularities” and “infirmities” in Delhi government decisions over the past 18 months.  There is no justification on file as to why the (advertisement) programme is being done.  "No public purpose seems to be served to the citizens of Delhi as the target audience is from other states, i.e Punjab, Gujarat, Goa where elections are scheduled in early 2017,” the probe report notes.  A breakdown of the spending showed Rs 60 lakh was ear-marked for Facebook to reach 1.8 crore voting-age people in Delhi, Goa, Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat.  Another Rs 25 lakh was set aside for YouTube promotions to reach out to a pan-India audience of around 20 lakh.  According to official papers, Rs 20 lakh each were budgeted for the Google Display Network and Facebook post-event plans.  The probe report has discovered the contract for the campaign was handed out to a PR firm, Perfect Relations, without any open bidding.  Despite being sent a written questionnaire, AAP did not respond to the specific findings of the L-G’s probe report.  But during a press conference Delhi’s Deputy CM Manish Sisodia said: “They don’t want us to work, so they have made this committee. The setting up of the committee itself is not legally correct.”  When contacted, the management of Perfect Relations said they had carried out the mandate that they had been given by the Delhi government and would not like to comment on the draft probe report.  India Today TV has learnt that a private complaint has also been filed with the Central Bureau of Investigation, which is expected to begin a preliminary inquiry soon.  Separately, Jung’s office is also probing the appointment of Dr Nikunj Aggarwal as officer on special duty to Delhi Health Minister Satyendra Jain. Dr Aggarwal is the son-in-law of the sister-in-law of CM Kejriwal and thus the appointment has elevated curiosity.  He was first appointed as a senior resident doctor for orthopedics. What makes his appointment, at the Chacha Nehru Bal Chikitsalaya, suspicious is that it came at a time when no such post was vacant in the institute.  “Posts are filled through advertising, but in the instant case, the appointment was done without any advertisement,” notes the draft probe report of the three-member Shunglu committee. A vacant position of faculty in the orthopedics department was adjusted to make way for the entry of Kejriwal’s relative, it states. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Speculation mounts over an AAP and Patidar pact after Arvind... Modi's Ramayana re-mix: PM re-works epic poem to tell the... 'They never stood by me': Navjot Kaur Sidhu questions BJP's... Dilli Hai Hum: Delhi gets a new punchline as Kejriwal... Share this article Share 82 shares Also, the appointment of Dr Aggarwal was done on the basis of a simple hand-written application, without government norms being followed, according to the report.  Within three months, Dr Nikunj Aggarwal was then appointed as the OSD to health minister Jain.  What has raised the hackles of the probe team was a state-sponsored programme for Dr Aggarwal at a top institute.  According to official documents, he was sent, on government expense of Rs 1.15 lakh, to a management-development programme for senior healthcare officials at IIM Ahmedabad.  “Being a senior resident (ad hoc), Dr Aggarwal was not entitled to participate in such types of training at government expense as per residency scheme of the hospital,” says the probe report.  It has also found discrepancies in an order dated July 2016 of the department of health and family welfare, which approved government expenses for his trip to Beijing to attend the China Sinopharm International Corporation.   Manish Sisodia quizzed for two-hours by Anti-Corruption Bureau By PTI  The Anti-Corruption Branch questioned deputy CM Manish Sisodia for over two hours The Anti-Corruption Branch on Friday questioned deputy chief minister Manish Sisodia for over two hours, in connection with its probe into an alleged recruitment scam in Delhi Commission for Women (DCW).  Sisodia was summoned by the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) on October 7, informing him about the questioning. The Deputy CM arrived around 11 am at the ACB office, and his questioning continued for over two hours, said a senior ACB officer.  “In the documents that were probed by the ACB, it was found that there was a letter from the office of Sisodia that had authorised DCW as a body with financial autonomy.  As per rules, only the L-G can grant financial autonomy to a body. We will be questioning him on this aspect,” an official had said.  Sisodia said that the questioning was based solely on a clarification note he had signed, adding the whole affair was aimed to stop the government’s public welfare work.  “How do I become a criminal just for writing a clarification note (on an official file)? When I asked them, they (Anti Corruption Branch) had no answer,” Sisodia said. The ACB has been probing the matter for the last few months and based on the questioning of Maliwal’s staff, it was found that due procedure was not followed in appointments and an FIR under relevant section of Prevention of Corruption Act and sections 409 (criminal breach of trust) and 120B (punishment of criminal conspiracy) of the IPC was registered against her. Meanwhile, DCW chief Swati Maliwal termed ACB’s summoning of Sisodia as political vendetta. “ACB summoning @msisodia reeks of political vendetta. He has no role in DCW appointments. DCW was always autonomous. Sad.  ACB pursuing false case against me, not taking action on my corruption complain against Shiela Dixit for past 3 weeks (sic),” Maliwal said.    AAP wants Shunglu probe committee dissolved The Aam Aadmi Party government and Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung are at loggerheads again as the Delhi Cabinet on Friday ‘advised’ Jung to dissolve the Shunglu Committee set up by him to examine 400 files pertaining to decisions the AAP dispensation has taken since coming to power.  The AAP government advised Jung to desist from derailing public welfare measures.  “The Cabinet noted that there is no provision in the Constitution or in any statute or rule which empowers setting up of an external committee to inquire into the ongoing projects of public welfare, question officers and threaten to recommend criminal and administrative action against them,” deputy chief minister Manish Sisodia said.  AAP wants the Shunglu probe committee to be dissolved as the L-G has no power Sisodia requested L-G Jung to return all the files of the government, saying “various important works are being affected” due to this. “The Committee has created a dangerous climate of fear and uncertainty among the bureaucracy, thus threatening to derail government functioning in its entirety,” he said.  “We have requested the L-G to dissolve the committee as the L-G has no power. The jurisdiction of LG is well defined under Article 239AA of Constitution of India, the GNCTD Act, 1991, and the rules framed under the Act,” he said.  If the committee continues its “illegal” functioning, not only will it imperil public welfare, it has also the potential to create a serious constitutional crisis in the national Capital, according to the deputy CM.  Sisodia said “impounding” of over 400 files by L-G is against the transaction of business rules and GNCTD Act. “Cabinet also brought to the notice of the L-G that the August 4 Delhi High Court judgment, which is being invoked by him to take such action, has not become final and is presently under challenge before the Supreme Court,” he said.  The Shunglu Committee is expected to submit its report within the next six weeks, officials said.     Now 14th MLA arrested, this one for assault   AAP MLA Naresh Balyan, was arrested in connection with an alleged assault case The AAM Aadmi Party MLA from Uttam Nagar, Naresh Balyan, was on Friday arrested in connection with an alleged assault case where he and an associate were accused of roughing up an RWA president.  Balyan is the 14th MLA from the party to be arrested since it came to power early last year.  “The arrest was made on Friday evening. We had called him to the police station along with Mahaveer Fauji,, his co-accused in the case After questioning the two, we arrested them,” said DCP (West) Vijay Kumar. The case was registered on October 8 after former AAP volunteer and president of Mohan Garden RWA Henry George filed a complaint, alleging that Balyan and his associates entered his office, attacked him and threatened him.  A case has been lodged under sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 341 (wrongful restraint), 451 (assault) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC. Meanwhile, a non-bailable warrant has been issued against AAP MLA from Matiala, Gulab Singh, for failing to join theprobe in a case of extortion involving his associates.    27 AAP MLAs in new office-of-profit row   Trouble has mounted for Delhi's ruling Aam Aadmi Party after President Pranab Mukherjee advised the Election Commission to investigate a complaint that 27 AAP MLAs held an office of profit, official sources said.  The proposed probe is separate from the earlier office-of- profit accusations against 21 party MLAs over their appointment as parliamentary secretaries.  In June, a law student, Vibhor Anand, wrote to the Election Commission, alleging Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal named 27 MLAs as chair of Delhi’s Rogi Kalyan Samiti to monitor the working of various state-run hospitals.  Alka Lamba's name appears in the list of MLAs holding office -of-profit Anand demanded termination of the defendants’ role as MLAs, alleging heading the organisation amounted to holding an office of profit.  MLAs, he claimed, could only become members of the Samiti and not its chairpersons.  Somnath Bharti (left) and Jarnail Singh (right) are in the list 27 MLAs allegedly violating the norms  Among the 27 MLAs Anand cited in his complaint, 10 already are accused of violating the office-of-profit norms as parliamentary secretaries.  Last month, the Election Commission forwarded Anand’s letter to the President, who has now advised the election watchdog to probe the allegations against the MLAs.  According to the law student’s complaint, following MLAs were appointed chair of the Rogi Kalyan Samiti.  Read more: India News - Latest Headlines, Pictures and Videos | Daily Mail Online Share or comment on this article e-mail 82 shares Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search     DON'T MISS Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Next story Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and tells divided America: 'Don't be afraid'  61 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #SurgicalStrike News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Technology » News » Computers India made 3,452 data requests in Jan-Jun: Google India has been among the top five countries in requesting user data from Google since 2009 Indian law enforcement agencies are increasingly requesting for more user data from online search firm Google, a trend that is seen across the globe as more governments begin using digital data to fight crime and curb terrorism. In its latest Transparency Report, Google revealed that Indian law enforcement agencies had made 3,452 requests to get access to user data during January-June period this year. The requests affected 6,207 users (accounts) with Google producing information for 55 per cent of the requests. While the number of requests for user data being made by India has been steadily on the rise, it's in line with global trends. Moreover, as India's base of internet users grows, cybercrime is on the rise and agencies are increasingly turning to digital logs to prosecute offenders. India has been among the top five countries in requesting user data from Google since 2009, which is as far back as the company will go to reveal data for requests made by governments. The data reveal that requests from governments across the globe have been increasing by around 5,000 on a half-yearly basis over the past two years. The US, France, Germany, the UK, and Brazil have been some of the top requesters of user data, alongside India. In the January-June period, 44,943 requests were made to Google to reveal user data, up from 40,677 requests in the July-December period last year. During the first half of this year, India ranked fourth among countries in making such requests. In July-December 2015, India was fifth. India's internet user base has grown from around 90 million in 2010 to nearly half a billion in 2016 and this growth remains steady with the increasing penetration of smartphones. Over 200 million Indians own smartphones today and that number is expected to hit half a billion by 2020, say analysts. While it cannot be ascertained why the Indian government made requests to get access to sensitive user data, majority of these could be made by law enforcement agencies with regard to crimes committed. However, as seen with the Edward Snowden leaks, governments often misuse data from technology firms such as Google to spy on civilians. Edward Snowden, a former US National Security Agency (NSA) contractor, now lives in Russia after fleeing the US via Hong Kong in May, having revealed extensive internet and phone surveillance by US intelligence. The US continues to lead the pack with 14,168 requests for user data being made during the January-June period this year. Germany and France have stepped up their data requests over the past year, probably owing to the slew of terrorist attacks that shocked Europe recently. As internet penetration grows across the globe, more governments are turning to digital trails to prevent and solve crime while also keeping a close watch on suspects. Google's report shows this trend, but doesn't necessarily reflect the extent to which digital surveillance is done. Alnoor Peermohamed Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 India Gadgetz Expo begins in B'luru with over 200 brands Business Standard India made 3,452 data requests in Jan-Jun: Google India has been among the top five countries in requesting user data from Google since 2009 Alnoor Peermohamed  |  Bengaluru  October 15, 2016 Last Updated at 00:31 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TIQSx6 Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. Representative Image ALSO READ Indian MNCs fare better than EM peers on corporate disclosures: Report India's digital classifieds market to hit $1.2 bn by 2020: Google-KPMG report Google to set up data centre in India by 2017 With new features, Google Maps looks to go the extra mile in India Indian law enforcement agencies are increasingly requesting for more user data from online search firm Google, a trend that is seen across the globe as more governments begin using digital data to fight crime and curb terrorism. In its latest Transparency Report, Google revealed that Indian law enforcement agencies had made 3,452 requests to get access to user data during January-June period this year. The requests affected 6,207 users (accounts) with Google producing information for 55 per cent of the requests. While the number of requests for user data being made by India has been steadily on the rise, it's in line with global trends. Moreover, as India's base of internet users grows, cybercrime is on the rise and agencies are increasingly turning to digital logs to prosecute offenders. India has been among the top five countries in requesting user data from Google since 2009, which is as far back as the company will go to reveal data for requests made by governments. The data reveal that requests from governments across the globe have been increasing by around 5,000 on a half-yearly basis over the past two years. The US, France, Germany, the UK, and Brazil have been some of the top requesters of user data, alongside India. In the January-June period, 44,943 requests were made to Google to reveal user data, up from 40,677 requests in the July-December period last year. During the first half of this year, India ranked fourth among countries in making such requests. In July-December 2015, India was fifth. India's internet user base has grown from around 90 million in 2010 to nearly half a billion in 2016 and this growth remains steady with the increasing penetration of smartphones. Over 200 million Indians own smartphones today and that number is expected to hit half a billion by 2020, say analysts. While it cannot be ascertained why the Indian government made requests to get access to sensitive user data, majority of these could be made by law enforcement agencies with regard to crimes committed. However, as seen with the Edward Snowden leaks, governments often misuse data from technology firms such as Google to spy on civilians. Edward Snowden, a former US National Security Agency (NSA) contractor, now lives in Russia after fleeing the US via Hong Kong in May, having revealed extensive internet and phone surveillance by US intelligence. The US continues to lead the pack with 14,168 requests for user data being made during the January-June period this year. Germany and France have stepped up their data requests over the past year, probably owing to the slew of terrorist attacks that shocked Europe recently. As internet penetration grows across the globe, more governments are turning to digital trails to prevent and solve crime while also keeping a close watch on suspects. Google's report shows this trend, but doesn't necessarily reflect the extent to which digital surveillance is done. Read More On Google | India | Transparency Report | Us | France | Germany | Uk | Brazil | Technology | Computers PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Educate a child in need for Rs. 800 every month Everyone carves their own path to digital leadership Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Get advantage of both worlds with mutual funds MIT Sloan Executive Program in General Management Invest in mutual funds through SIP for your financial health Should You Rely Only on Your Corporate Health Insurance? Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee 5 Investors, 50 Entrepreneurs, Instant funding Choose a mutual fund that strives for growth! MIT Sloan EPGM: Get Alumni benefits, Apply Now India made 3,452 data requests in Jan-Jun: Google India has been among the top five countries in requesting user data from Google since 2009 India has been among the top five countries in requesting user data from Google since 2009 Indian law enforcement agencies are increasingly requesting for more user data from online search firm Google, a trend that is seen across the globe as more governments begin using digital data to fight crime and curb terrorism. In its latest Transparency Report, Google revealed that Indian law enforcement agencies had made 3,452 requests to get access to user data during January-June period this year. The requests affected 6,207 users (accounts) with Google producing information for 55 per cent of the requests. While the number of requests for user data being made by India has been steadily on the rise, it's in line with global trends. Moreover, as India's base of internet users grows, cybercrime is on the rise and agencies are increasingly turning to digital logs to prosecute offenders. India has been among the top five countries in requesting user data from Google since 2009, which is as far back as the company will go to reveal data for requests made by governments. The data reveal that requests from governments across the globe have been increasing by around 5,000 on a half-yearly basis over the past two years. The US, France, Germany, the UK, and Brazil have been some of the top requesters of user data, alongside India. In the January-June period, 44,943 requests were made to Google to reveal user data, up from 40,677 requests in the July-December period last year. During the first half of this year, India ranked fourth among countries in making such requests. In July-December 2015, India was fifth. India's internet user base has grown from around 90 million in 2010 to nearly half a billion in 2016 and this growth remains steady with the increasing penetration of smartphones. Over 200 million Indians own smartphones today and that number is expected to hit half a billion by 2020, say analysts. While it cannot be ascertained why the Indian government made requests to get access to sensitive user data, majority of these could be made by law enforcement agencies with regard to crimes committed. However, as seen with the Edward Snowden leaks, governments often misuse data from technology firms such as Google to spy on civilians. Edward Snowden, a former US National Security Agency (NSA) contractor, now lives in Russia after fleeing the US via Hong Kong in May, having revealed extensive internet and phone surveillance by US intelligence. The US continues to lead the pack with 14,168 requests for user data being made during the January-June period this year. Germany and France have stepped up their data requests over the past year, probably owing to the slew of terrorist attacks that shocked Europe recently. As internet penetration grows across the globe, more governments are turning to digital trails to prevent and solve crime while also keeping a close watch on suspects. Google's report shows this trend, but doesn't necessarily reflect the extent to which digital surveillance is done. Alnoor Peermohamed Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The Best Websites on The Internet Internet The Best Websites on The Internet Rob Nightingale 8 Tips to Effectively Boost Your Wireless Router Signal Technology Explained 8 Tips to Effectively Boost Your Wireless Router Signal Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 5 Unique Ways to Use Google Maps With Other Google Tools Internet 5 Unique Ways to Use Google Maps With Other Google Tools Ryan Dube October 14, 2016 14-10-2016 6 minutes 5 Unique Ways to Use Google Maps With Other Google Tools Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ads by Google Google Maps is easily one of Google’s greatest achievements. It allows millions of people, every day, to find their way, share directions, and so much more. The usefulness of Google Maps extends far beyond the features you find on the site. I admit that I’m a Google fanboy. The biggest reason for that is that Google services are so well intertwined that you can accomplish almost any integration you can imagine. This is also true with Google Maps. It’s a cinch to integrate Google Maps with other Google services like Google Now, Google Drive, Google Docs & Sheets, and even Gmail. In this article, I’ll show you some useful ways to take advantage of these simple integrations. 1. Google Now and Maps Just about every smartphone on the planet has GPS capability. If you have Google Now installed on your phone, you have access to some really cool Google Maps features. For example, Google Now will remind you where you parked your car, using a Google Maps location. Ads by Google If you’re looking for a business nearby your current location, Google Now can help you with that too. Just ask for nearby coffee shops, gas stations, or whatever, and you’ll get a map with all locations plotted out. There’s no need to do any funky integration or hacking. So long as you have Google Now installed, and location services enabled on your phone, you can take advantage of all of these Google Maps features on your Google Now app. 2. Google Drive If you have a Google account, then the odds are pretty good that you probably use Google Drive frequently. Did you know that you can create and organize Google maps from within your Drive account? To create a new map, click on New> More > Google My Maps. This takes you to a Google Maps page where you can plot out locations within different layers. When you finish creating your map, just close the tab. All changes are automatically saved to your Google Drive account. Make sure to give a name to the map that you’ll remember! You’ll find the map you’ve created in your Google Drive account. You can sort your maps into different folders. This organization is useful for something like planning a family trip as you can keep all travel maps in the same folder. Creating and organizing all maps from Google Drive is a pretty convenient way to do productive things like: Plan your family vacation. Organize your next camping and hiking trip. Save a map of all your favorite dining spots. Create a map to your party to share with all your friends. The Google Maps integration with Google Drive is probably one of the most convenient ways you can make use of Google Maps in your life with very little effort. Give it a try! 3. Embed Into a Google Site If you use Google Sites to publish a web page, you can embed Google Maps into your pages without much effort at all (or coding for that matter). In edit mode on your site, just click on Insert, and then Map. In the next screen, you can simply type the address you want to display on your web page. You’ll see a preview of the map in the bottom pane. On the next screen, adjust how the map will get embedded into your webpage. You can adjust the width and height, and whether it’ll get embedded with or without a border. Click Save and you’ll see your map embedded right where you placed it on the page. No coding required and no special external add-ins or widgets required. Just a few simple steps and you have an embedded Google Map right on your web page. If you want one of your customized maps that you’ve created in My Maps, you can click on My Maps instead of Maps on the Insert page. You’ll see a list of all maps stored in your Google Drive account. Just select one of the customized maps and embed it into your Google Sites page. 4. Use Maps With Google Sheets Not long ago, we showed several ways that you can convert spreadsheet addresses into a Google Map. These mostly include using a KML file to transfer over the address data to Google Maps. Not a bad way to accomplish it, but there’s an easier way. The first thing to do is install the Mapping Sheets add-on. Once installed, from inside sheets you can click Add-ons, Mapping Sheets, and Start Mapping. You’ll see the Mapping Sheets pop-up window on the left side of the spreadsheet. Once you have the map data in your spreadsheet (using whatever headers you want for Title, Filter and Location), you can click on the View button at the bottom of the add-on window. This will instantly map and pin all of those addresses to Google Maps. Of course, if you prefer not using an add-on, you can also use the Import feature in My Places to import map data directly from a Google Sheet. Nancy wrote a guide on how to do this. It takes a few extra steps, but you already have everything you need to get it done right now. 5. Embed Maps in Docs and Gmail Google Docs used to have a gadget that would allow you to embed a Google map How To Embed YouTube, Vimeo, Instagram, And Google Maps Responsively How To Embed YouTube, Vimeo, Instagram, And Google Maps Responsively One of the biggest buzzwords in the online design world in the past two or three years has to be 'Responsive.' With the advent of browsing on everything from a 4 inch smartphone screen to... Read More based on spreadsheet location parameters. That gadget is no longer available. There is similarly no way to embed a map into any email you’re composing using Gmail. There is a very simple solution to share your maps with people via a Google Doc or an email. Create an image of the map you’ve created, which you can embed in either place. Google provides an API for developers to accept a URL with location parameters, and the API returns a Google Maps image of that location. This is a really cool API and great for Google Maps developers How Does Google Maps Work? [Technology Explained] How Does Google Maps Work? [Technology Explained] Read More . However, if you aren’t a programmer and you don’t have an API key, then you’re out of luck. Sure, you could sign up for a key, but if you only plan to use this once or twice, is it really worth it? Probably not. A simpler solution is to use a tool provided online by developers out there on the web. One example of these is the Google Maps Image generator provided at Prodraw. Use Prodraw to type in the address of the map you want to embed and any image parameters like size and map type. Once you submit, you’ll see an image of the map you wanted, as well as several embed scripts below it. You have the option to use a URL pointing directly to the Google Maps static image, an image embed code for a website, or image forum code for embedding in an online forum. Or you can right click on the map itself and just save it as an image file on your computer. For embedding into Google Docs or Gmail, this is the best choice. In Google Docs, just click on Insert and then Image… This will embed the map image right into your document. In Gmail, you just click the Insert Photo tool when you’re composing a new email, and upload the image from your computer. It’ll embed the image right into your email. It isn’t the most ingenious way to embed a Google Map into your document or email. But it does the trick and the end result looks great. No coding required. Another useful online tool you can use to generate static map images like this is Static Map Maker. This not only lets you embed Google maps, but also maps from Bing, MapQuest, Mapbox, and more. Using Google Maps Everywhere A map is a very useful tool for a lot of things you may do every day. Whether it’s sending someone directions to your house, explaining something about a location in a document, or saving maps to your Google Drive account for your upcoming family trip — maps are very handy. Have you ever used any of the techniques above to embed maps in your favorite Google services? Do you know of any other ways? Share your thoughts in the comments section below! Previous PostPerfect Your English Speaking Skills With These 5 Udemy CoursesNext PostHow to Prepare to Live on Your Own for the First Time 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Ryan Dube 1018 articles Ryan Dube is MUO's Managing Editor. With an Electrical Engineering degree and working as an IT Programmer/Analyst, his writing focuses on life hacking and self improvement through automation. You can visit him on Twitter or his website. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley November 8, 2016 08-11-2016 Elephone Elecam 360 Camera Review and Giveaway Elephone Elecam 360 Camera Review and Giveaway James Bruce November 4, 2016 04-11-2016 Advertisement Trending The Best Websites on The Internet Internet The Best Websites on The Internet Rob Nightingale November 10, 2016 10-11-2016 4 Smart Reasons to Avoid the Smart Home Trend Smart Home 4 Smart Reasons to Avoid the Smart Home Trend Joel Lee November 9, 2016 09-11-2016 You Should Uninstall Web of Trust Right Now Security Tech News You Should Uninstall Web of Trust Right Now Dave Parrack November 9, 2016 09-11-2016 Advertisement Related Articles Should You Buy Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare? Buying Guides Gaming Should You Buy Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare? Ben Stegner November 12, 2016 12-11-2016 The 12 Best Netflix Documentaries of 2016 Entertainment The 12 Best Netflix Documentaries of 2016 Joel Lee November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Find the Missing Key to Your Personal Development in These 5 Lessons Internet Self Improvement Find the Missing Key to Your Personal Development in These 5 Lessons Saikat Basu November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
null

ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 12386682 Home 12386742 News Hurricane Matthew County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Politics 2016 Election Skyvision Action Button Links Download News App 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hour by Hour Talking the Tropics Hurricane Center Buresh Blog Interactive Radar Sky Cams First Alert Wx App Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic Gas Prices First Alert Traffic Twitter 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Light the Night American Red Cross MSABC BIKE MS Feeding NEFL Sea and Sky 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team What's On WJAX-TV Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida More Google launches fact-check feature ahead of Election Day by: Theresa Seiger, Cox Media Group National Content Desk Updated: Oct 14, 2016 - 11:04 AM Google Twtter Google News on Thursday launched a fact-check feature, just in time to separate fact from fiction as the dizzying 2016 election cycle comes to a close. >> Read more trending stories Of the 560 statements made by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump or Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and fact-checked by the Tampa Bay Times-owned PolitiFact, only about half held some measure of truth. Richard Gingras, head of Google News, announced Thursday in a blog post that fact checks will be differentiated from other articles in the expanded story box on news.google.com and in the Google News & Weather iOS and Android apps. The new feature is aimed at helping people find fact checks "in large news stories," he said. Google will use website code and a site's reputation for fact checks to determine whether a story qualifies for the new tag. "We're excited to see the growth of the fact-check community and to shine a light on its efforts to divine fact from fiction, wisdom from spin," Gingras said. © 2016 Cox Media Group. Twtter Google launches fact-check feature ahead of Election Day Thieves steal wheelchair from woman with cerebral palsy Father takes touching photo of daughter's last eyelash during cancer treatment Hundreds show up to join owner on dog's last beach walk Airline captain speaks over intercom to diffuse election-fueled conflict… News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Jacksonville Coupons About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
null
Login _ Welcome to TechSpot Why should I register? Sign up for a new account or log in here: Forgot your password? Couldn't sign you in, please try again. Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Google Industry Google News introduces fact checking tag just in time for the election By Rob Thubron on October 14, 2016, 11:30 AM 21 comments TechSpot Thanks in no small part to the upcoming election and the accusations being thrown around by all involved, fact-checking has become more important than ever. As such, Google is adding a fact check tag to articles on news.google.com, where they will appear in the expanded story box, and on the Google News & Weather iOS and Android apps. The feature joins existing tags used by Google’s news service, such as Opinion, In-depth, Highly Cited, and the recently added Local Source. The search giant says the growth of fact-checking organizations like the International Fact-Checking Network also prompted it to introduce the tag. Google will look for the schema.org ClaimReview markup to determine if sites contain fact checks. Additionally, Google makes sure that the pages follow certain criteria for fact checks, which include: “Discrete claims and checks must be easily identified in the body of fact-check articles. Readers should be able to understand what was checked, and what conclusions were reached.” If Google finds a site that doesn’t meet the criteria for the ClaimReview markup, it may ignore the markup or remove the site from Google News. “We’re excited to see the growth of the Fact Check community and to shine a light on its efforts to divine fact from fiction, wisdom from spin,” the company said in its blog post. Some of the sites already using the new markup include political fact-checker Politifact.com, and the UK-based independent fact-checking charity Full Fact. So far, fewer than ten domains are currently using the feature. With less than a month to go and just one more debate to get through before voting begins, it’s a shame Google didn’t introduce the fact-checking tag sooner. Related Reads Google readies its own health and fitness tracking platform, dubbed Google Fit Google expands, rebrands same-day delivery service as Google Express Google acquires Gecko Design to be part of Google X research lab 21 comments 167 interactions Now Read This… Facebook teams with Google to build undersea cable from Hong Kong to Los Angeles Google now has seven services used by more than a billion people Google Daydream VR Review Popular 192 comments How Much RAM Should You Get? 4GB vs. 8GB vs. 16GB Tested 11 comments Hands-On with Google Daydream and Daydream View 54 comments Woman facing jail for selling ceviche through Facebook group is overreacting, says prosecutor 24 comments Bethesda says 'turn down the settings' to fix Dishonored 2 performance issues Load Comments 21 ... User Comments: 21 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 75 Open Forum: What do you think of the iPhone 7? 52 The shift to 4K is happening much faster than the move to HD did 25 Bethesda says 'turn down the settings' to fix Dishonored 2 performance issues 7 I am going to build my next super PC Please tell me your thoughts 79 Mark Zuckerberg says Facebook will fight to protect the rights of Muslims Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Login _ Welcome to TechSpot Why should I register? Sign up for a new account or log in here: Forgot your password? Couldn't sign you in, please try again. Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Google The Web Mobile users will get better, fresher Google search results By Jose Vilches on October 14, 2016, 2:53 PM TechSpot It’s been a year since Google searches on mobile devices surpassed those on personal computers for the first time. Naturally, the company is adapting to change — it is already prioritizing mobile-friendly sites in search results, it’s done work in voice recognition, launched the AMP project for fast loading mobile web pages, it indexes apps and so on. According to a report by Search Engine Land, the next such effort will be creating a completely separate mobile index, which will eventually take priority over the original desktop one. Google’s trend analyst Gary Illyes announced the news at Pubcon, noting that the mobile index will be fully implemented “within months” — though no specific timeline was given. Google will still have a desktop index, it just won’t be as fresh as the mobile index. It’s unclear exactly how the mobile index will work. Search Engine Land argues that the mobile index may allow Google to use its ranking algorithm differently for mobile content, rather than relying on data from desktop content to rank mobile sites. The news naturally raised some concerns that search results may end up being less comprehensive, as mobile sites often remove content and structured data to optimize for size. Google has yet to announce anything officially. The move will increase the pressure on online publishers to make sure their sites are mobile friendly, and that their mobile and desktop sites show the same content to be properly indexed, though the writing has been on the wall for some time for non mobile-optimized sites. Related Reads Google announces "Purchases On Google," making it easier to shop from your mobile device Google updates Chrome with Incognito enhancements and mobile optimization Mobile sites that use pop-up ads will drop down Google's search rankings 3 comments 92 interactions Now Read This… Google now has seven services used by more than a billion people Google is launching click-to-message ads on Google Search Popular 192 comments How Much RAM Should You Get? 4GB vs. 8GB vs. 16GB Tested 11 comments Hands-On with Google Daydream and Daydream View Load Comments 3 ... User Comments: 3 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 75 Open Forum: What do you think of the iPhone 7? 52 The shift to 4K is happening much faster than the move to HD did 25 Bethesda says 'turn down the settings' to fix Dishonored 2 performance issues 7 I am going to build my next super PC Please tell me your thoughts 79 Mark Zuckerberg says Facebook will fight to protect the rights of Muslims Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
null
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Find fact check articles faster in Google News Brittany A. Roston - Oct 14, 2016 2 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Google is making it easier to find fact-check articles in Google News by labelling them as such. Claims made during political debates, in social tweets and more are often subject to fact-check organizations. Finding fact-check articles can be difficult, however, and for this reason Google has started labelling them with a new ‘fact check’ tag when they appear in Google News. Google points toward dedicated fact checking networks and similar entities as part of the collective that has made fact checking a big thing. More than 100 sites engage in fact checking, according to Duke University, but locating this content isn’t always easy, as it tends to get lost in the content glut. Google’s latest tag, to some degree, changes that. The company’s news website regularly labels different content types, and it now tags fact-check articles, too. Fact-check articles appearing in Google News display a small ‘Fact Check’ tag as shown in the screenshot above. Clicking one of these tagged articles takes users to a fact-check destination scrutinizing the topic or claims.. These tagged fact check articles appear only in expanded news boxes on Google News, and only for large news stories, at least for now. The new article type tag is rolling out initially in the United States and the United Kingdom, says Google. You should see now in the Google News & Weather app for Android and iOS if you’re in either of those two countries. SOURCE: Google Blog Tags googleInternetnews Must Read Bits & Bytes Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Latest Headlines Canceled Nokia Moonraker smartwatch shown off in video Nov 13, 2016 Hard to find min NES Classic gets a mini teardown Nov 13, 2016 Snapchat Spectacles vending machine is now in Big Sur, California Nov 13, 2016 Facebook begins testing Messenger Rooms for public chatting Nov 13, 2016 First trailer for live-action Ghost in the Shell film debuts Nov 13, 2016 Latest Reviews Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 The Dodge Challenger R/T Scat Pack is 485HP of tire hate Nov 2, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Data And Telecom      Verizon May Seek Changes Or Exit Yahoo Deal Related Content Topic :  HTC  Handset manufacturer founded in 1997 Blog :  Is Apple Losing Its Mojo? Article :  Bluetooth, Seeing IoT Growth, Seeks to Build on a Successful Standard Verizon May Seek Changes or Exit Yahoo Deal Carl Weinschenk |   Data and Telecom   |   Posted 14 Oct, 2016          |         |     Share The huge data breach that compromised as many as 500,000 user accounts was bad news on a number of fronts for Yahoo. The aggravation stemming from the hack continues as Verizon suggests that it may back out of or seek changes to the $4.8 billion deal to buy Yahoo. Yesterday, Verizon General Counsel Craig Silliman said that the hack could have “material impact” on the deal and give it reason to exit or restructure the transaction, according to Computerworld. Yahoo stands by the value of the company, while Verizon is seeking to reduce the acquisition price by $1 billion. Best of Frien-emies: Google Google has declared itself a “frien-emy" of the established carriers. Light Reading reports that Google says that its broadband networking activities make it a competitor to telephone companies in only a minority of cases. Indeed, Mike Blanche, the head of Strategic Relationships for Google, told an audience at the Ovum Digital Futures conference that Google considers itself to be 80 percent partner, 5 percent competitor, and 10 percent supplier to telcos. Blanche’s comments, says the article, which are similar to those he has made in the past, are intended to assuage telco concerns. The concerns have existed since Google Fiber was created in 2012. Transportation Department: $65M in Grants Though it may seem a bit contradictory, one of the biggest drivers of innovation is the same government that is often accused of being bloated and lethargic. This week, the U.S. Department of Transportation announced $65 million in grants through initiatives from the Advanced Transportation and Congestion Management Technologies Deployment (ATCMTD) program and Mobility on Demand (MOD) Sandbox program.  The programs are run by the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) and the Federal Transit Administration (FTA), respectively. The grants will be leveraged to total almost $170 million in public and private investment, the press release says. The ATCMTD program will use the funding to help communities use technology to enhance mobility. The projects will increase the efficiency of the highway system. The MOD program is part of the U.S. DOT’s effort to explore the “potential of integrating public and private transportation choices,” the press release says. The Galaxy Note 7 Has Come to This: Fireproof Boxes The depth of the disaster that the Galaxy Note 7 has proven to be for Samsung can be summed up by one fact: Samsung, according to Reuters, is sending out fireproof boxes for returns of Note 7 devices. The bad news keeps coming. The faulty Note 7s will cost Samsung billions of dollars, and harder to quantify humiliation. Reuters reports that the carrier is taking no chances with the devices, which were released two months ago. The boxes come after some of those phones – and some replacements – went up in smoke. Indeed, this is not the type of paragraph that marketing departments enjoy reading: A YouTube video by Android developer news site XDA Developers on Tuesday showed a "return kit," including a fireproof box with a "forbidden for transport by aircraft" warning and blue gloves to handle the device. It remains to be seen whether the incident will damage the company’s reputation in the long haul. Chances are pretty good, however, that the story will remain “hot” for quite some time. Gartner: 3D Printer Shipments on the Fast Track Gartner found that 3D printer shipments will total 455,772 this year. That is a 108 percent increase compared to last year’s 219,168 units that shipped in 2015. Gartner predicts that 6.7 million units will ship in 2020. Datamation suggests that shipments of enterprise-graded 3D printers will grow 44 percent this year. Among the drivers are manufacturers’ increasing use of the devices for prototyping and as-needed production. Carl Weinschenk covers telecom for IT Business Edge. He writes about wireless technology, disaster recovery/business continuity, cellular services, the Internet of Things, machine-to-machine communications and other emerging technologies and platforms. He also covers net neutrality and related regulatory issues. Weinschenk has written about the phone companies, cable operators and related companies for decades and is senior editor of Broadband Technology Report. He can be reached at cweinsch@optonline.net and via twitter at @DailyMusicBrk.            |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (0) Post your comment Daydream Keyboard now available on the Play Store 14 October 2016 Although the Daydream VR platform isnt available to the public yet, Google has already released its companion keyboard onto the Play Store which allows for text input in all Daydream apps. If youve never used a keyboard in VR before, you can try to use Samsungs Gear VR keyboard to get an idea. A dot remains in the center of your view, acting as a cursor. Then, the user points their head onto each individual letter and taps the touchpad on the Gear VR headset to input a character. The layout for this keyboard looks much like the Google Keyboard that comes stock on Nexus devices, as well as this years Moto smartphones. Daydream Keyboard - Google Play Store You might not be able to install it, however, as Google notes that the Daydream keyboard is only compatible with Daydream-ready phones and uninstalling the Daydream keyboard could cause some Daydream apps to force-close. If youre a Nexus 6P owner, however, you may be pleased to find that the Daydream Keyboard is installable on the Huawei-made Nexus device (as per Android Police, considering Google said existing smartphones most likely will not work with Daydream. The Daydream View headset will be available on the Play Store, Verizon, and Best Buy stores starting in November in the US. Remember, if you pre-ordered a Pixel (XL) device, you should have gotten an email regarding a free Daydream View via a promo code. Source | Via Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
daniel.haxx.se Search Primary Menu Skip to content About Contact Search for: c-ares, Security a single byte write opened a root execution exploit October 14, 2016 Daniel Stenberg 7 Comments Thursday, September 22nd 2016. An email popped up in my inbox. Subject: ares_create_query OOB write As one of the maintainers of the c-ares project I’m receiving mails for suspected security problems in c-ares and this was such a one. In this case, the email with said subject came from an individual who had reported a ChromeOS exploit to Google. It turned out that this particular c-ares flaw was one important step in a sequence of necessary procedures that when followed could let the user execute code on ChromeOS from JavaScript – as the root user. I suspect that is pretty much the worst possible exploit of ChromeOS that can be done. I presume the reporter will get a fair amount of bug bounty reward for this. The setup and explanation on how this was accomplished is very complicated and I am deeply impressed by how this was figured out, tracked down and eventually exploited in a repeatable fashion. But bear with me. Here comes a very simplified explanation on how a single byte buffer overwrite with a fixed value could end up aiding running exploit code as root. The main Google bug for this problem is still not open since they still have pending mitigations to perform, but since the c-ares issue has been fixed I’ve been told that it is fine to talk about this publicly. c-ares writes a 1 outside its buffer c-ares has a function called ares_create_query. It was added in 1.10 (released in May 2013) as an updated version of the older function ares_mkquery. This detail is mostly interesting because Google uses an older version than 1.10 of c-ares so in their case the flaw is in the old function. This is the two functions that contain the problem we’re discussing today. It used to be in the ares_mkquery function but was moved over to ares_create_query a few years ago (and the new function got an additional argument). The code was mostly unchanged in the move so the bug was just carried over. This bug was actually already present in the original ares project that I forked and created c-ares from, back in October 2003. It just took this long for someone to figure it out and report it! I won’t bore you with exactly what these functions do, but we can stick to the simple fact that they take a name string as input, allocate a memory area for the outgoing packet with DNS protocol data and return that newly allocated memory area and its length. Due to a logic mistake in the function, you could trick the function to allocate a too short buffer by passing in a string with an escaped trailing dot. An input string like “one.two.three\.” would then cause the allocated memory area to be one byte too small and the last byte would be written outside of the allocated memory area. A buffer overflow if you want. The single byte written outside of the memory area is most commonly a 1 due to how the DNS protocol data is laid out in that packet. This flaw was given the name CVE-2016-5180 and was fixed and announced to the world in the end of September 2016 when c-ares 1.12.0 shipped. The actual commit that fixed it is here. What to do with a 1? Ok, so a function can be made to write a single byte to the value of 1 outside of its allocated buffer. How do you turn that into your advantage? The Redhat security team deemed this problem to be of “Moderate security impact” so they clearly do not think you can do a lot of harm with it. But behold, with the right amount of imagination and luck you certainly can! Back to ChromeOS we go. First, we need to know that ChromeOS runs an internal HTTP proxy which is very liberal in what it accepts – this is the software that uses c-ares. This proxy is a key component that the attacker needed to tickle really badly. So by figuring out how you can send the correctly crafted request to the proxy, it would send the right string to c-ares and write a 1 outside its heap buffer. ChromeOS uses dlmalloc for managing the heap memory. Each time the program allocates memory, it will get a pointer back to the request memory region, and dlmalloc will put a small header of its own just before that memory region for its own purpose. If you ask for N bytes with malloc, dlmalloc will use ( header size + N ) and return the pointer to the N bytes the application asked for. Like this: With a series of cleverly crafted HTTP requests of various sizes to the proxy, the attacker managed to create a hole of freed memory where he then reliably makes the c-ares allocated memory to end up. He knows exactly how the ChromeOS dlmalloc system works and its best-fit allocator, how big the c-ares malloc will be and thus where the overwritten 1 will end up. When the byte 1 is written after the memory, it is written into the header of the next memory chunk handled by dlmalloc: The specific byte of that following dlmalloc header that it writes to, is used for flags and the lowest bits of size of that allocated chunk of memory. Writing 1 to that byte clears 2 flags, sets one flag and clears the lowest bits of the chunk size. The important flag it sets is called prev_inuse and is used by dlmalloc to tell if it can merge adjacent areas on free. (so, if the value 1 simply had been a 2 instead, this flaw could not have been exploited this way!) When the c-ares buffer that had overflowed is then freed again, dlmalloc gets fooled into consolidating that buffer with the subsequent one in memory (since it had toggled that bit) and thus the larger piece of assumed-to-be-free memory is partly still being in use. Open for manipulations! Using that memory buffer mess This freed memory area whose end part is actually still being used opened up the play-field for more “fun”. With doing another creative HTTP request, that memory block would be allocated and used to store new data into. The attacker managed to insert the right data in that further end of the data block, the one that was still used by another part of the program, mostly since the proxy pretty much allowed anything to get crammed into the request. The attacker managed to put his own code to execute in there and after a few more steps he ran whatever he wanted as root. Well, the user would have to get tricked into running a particular JavaScript but still… I cannot even imagine how long time it must have taken to make this exploit and how much work and sweat that were spent. The report I read on this was 37 very detailed pages. And it was one of the best things I’ve read in a long while! When this goes public in the future, I hope at least parts of that description will become available for you as well. A lesson to take away from this? No matter how limited or harmless a flaw may appear at a first glance, it can serve a malicious purpose and serve as one little step in a long chain of events to attack a system. And there are skilled people out there, ready to figure out all the necessary steps. c-aresSecurity Post navigation Previous Postpoll on mac 10.12 is brokenNext Postcurl up in Nuremberg! 7 thoughts on “a single byte write opened a root execution exploit” Riking says: October 14, 2016 at 22:53 > Well, the user would have to get tricked into running a particular JavaScript but still… This is so easy to do, though, that the Chrome VRP considers it a given – you start from “load the attacker’s webpage”. Kevin Hock says: October 15, 2016 at 04:27 Was the report from the anonymous submitter? Daniel Stenberg says: October 15, 2016 at 09:54 Yes, the reporter wrote the report. It wasn’t anonymous but possibly pseudonymous. Cole says: October 15, 2016 at 13:28 Is the report available to view? Daniel Stenberg says: October 15, 2016 at 17:43 Cole: as I mention in the text, the main bug is not open so neither is the report. I don’t know when or if Google will publish the report. Linux user says: October 16, 2016 at 03:21 The thing to remember is that Red Hat rates issues in their Red Hat context. Red Hat Enterprise Linux and ChromeOS are two very different things. Andre says: October 16, 2016 at 06:48 This could have been summarized as: “ChromeOS runs an HTTP proxy as root. It has a buffer overflow in its DNS resolver that can be exploited.” Happens all the time. Comments are closed. Recent Posts curl and TLS 1.3 On between screens Another wget reference was Bourne curl up in Nuremberg! a single byte write opened a root execution exploit Recent Comments Nicolas Lemanissier on Another wget reference was Bourne Frank on Another wget reference was Bourne Daniel Stenberg on Another wget reference was Bourne rjc on Another wget reference was Bourne Daniel Stenberg on poll on mac 10.12 is broken twitter Tweets by @bagder tech, open source and networking daniel.haxx.se Internet protocols. Network hacking. curl and libcurl. Firefox stuff. Open Source. Technology. I'm Daniel Stenberg, lead developer of curl and employed by Mozilla. I'm tall, Swedish and grumpy, Archive Archive Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 Proudly powered by WordPress
null
   Uh oh, looks like there is a problem. It appears your ad blocker is affecting our functionality. To continue reading, simply turn it off and refresh the page. E-Edition Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcam Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates Wheels News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Worth Reading Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs City Beat Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Worth Reading Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment chair may be the tech world’s new key to productivity October 14, 2016 - Business - Tagged: Social media The Altwork Station. (Altwork) SAN FRANCISCO – Che Voigt believes his company has solved problems that have plagued the working world since the advent of typing. It’s a solution to hunched backs, stiff necks and tight shoulders. It’s a workstation that, with a push of a button, transitions from a standing desk to a seated table to a fully reclined platform like a dentist’s chair. Its seat expands and retracts, supporting the whole body from head to heels. Its desk moves up, down and rotates. There’s a screen and mouse and keyboard that follows the user’s eyes and hands. It’s the way of the future, he says; the most comfortable you can possible be working at a computer. And it starts at $5,900. Before anyone scoffs, Voigt has a defense: 1) Don’t knock it until you’ve tried it, and 2) If people don’t invest in ergonomics now, they’ll pay for it later. And if Silicon Valley’s track record is anything to go by, Voigt might be onto something. Tech firms have long embraced wacky inventions that promise heightened productivity and creativity – and the industry has a history of making them mainstream. Height-adjustable desks and $1,000 Herman Miller chairs that once seemed extravagant are no longer common just at software startups; schools, government agencies and even the White House have gotten on board. Whether it’s open floor plans, ergonomic keyboards or yoga ball chairs, workplaces far removed from the tech world often co-opt the quirky and often costly office cultures of firms like Apple, Google and Facebook in hope that some of their success rubs off. “Comfort is material to creativity,” said Voigt, 45, chief executive of Altwork, a company that builds each workstation by hand in a barn on a 65-acre family property shared with Zinfandel wine grapes in California’s Sonoma County. “If you’re stressed or distressed, the mind can’t fall into creativity. We want to get into an area where you can be productive and do really good work.” Twenty years ago, ergonomics was about finding a decent office chair and doing the occasional stretch throughout the day, said Joy Boese, an ergonomics specialist at E3 Consulting who has worked with companies such as Toyota and Netflix. It was considered an office perk, something filed in the “nice to have” category. Today, particularly in tech land, it’s expected. “Now it’s about tracking your health, tracking your steps, seeing how you spend your day, integrating fitness desks, treadmill desks, Zen rooms for people to take a moment to rest their mind,” Boese said. “These companies want people to feel like it’s more than just coming to work – they want a happy, healthy, engaged workforce.” Silicon Valley is at the forefront of this, Boese said, which is no surprise, given that it is traditionally “two to three years ahead of the curve.” But it’s also characteristic of the Valley’s ruthless optimization and productivity ethos. It was software engineers who popularized Soylent, the liquid meal replacement for techies. It was tech CEOs such as Mark Zuckerberg and Steve Jobs who streamlined their wardrobes into a uniform, a move that Zuckerberg has justified saying it helped “clear my life so that I have to make as few decisions as possible . on things that are silly or frivolous.” And it was the tech world that normalized “lockdowns” – intense work periods when employees don’t leave the office until a project is done. These cultural quirks reflect the immense pressure that many tech workers face to deliver big projects on tight deadlines, justifying not only their own salaries but also their companies’ lofty valuations. The Altwork Station is designed for these people, said Voigt, who describes them as “high-intensity computer users.” “Being comfortable at your desk is really important,” said Helen Wu, director of growth partnerships at San Francisco tech firm AppLovin, where every employee can choose between a sitting or standing desk and request ergonomic gadgets. Wu herself doesn’t have an Altwork Station, but she uses a laptop stand on her desk, an ergonomic keyboard and a Handshoe mouse – a wireless gadget that looks like a fedora made for aliens – from the Netherlands. “Having a setup where you don’t have to worry about your physiology lets you focus on your work,” she said. The tech industry isn’t unique when it comes to valuing productivity. Wall Street, which has a reputation for brutal efficiency and long hours, has also invested in ergonomics. What sets Silicon Valley apart, according to ergonomics specialists who have worked with both industries, is its lack of self-consciousness and its willingness to go all-in. That’s why five-toe shoes (with separate nooks for each toe, like a glove for the foot) and telepresence robots – tablet computers on rolling pedestals that offer off-site employees an in-person presence – are not uncommon on tech campuses, but remain rare in New York’s Financial District. “We worked with a brokerage firm to redesign their office into an open plan space, and it was hard to get people out of private offices,” said Melissa Steach, an ergonomics specialist at Herman Miller, the furniture firm whose midcentury designs are now ubiquitous in the tech industry. “There was a lot of ego attached to it, the whole ‘I’m a baller, I’ve earned this office and you don’t have one.'” Silicon Valley, meanwhile, isn’t wary of workplace weirdness. It has embraced it – reclining chairs, bike-pedal footstools, treadmill desks and all. (EDITORS: STORY CAN END HERE) There’s a copycat element to it too, said Michael Lukasik, a brand development manager for West Elm Workspace, an arm of the housewares business that furnishes offices. Startups often express Google-shaped aspirations even if their businesses couldn’t be further from Google’s. “These smaller companies are coming to us and saying, ‘We saw images of Google’s offices – can you help us accomplish this?'” Lukasik said. “Everyone wants to attract the same talent that Google or Apple attracts and retains.” It doesn’t always work, of course. The Googles and Facebooks of the world were at least bringing in revenue before they started lavishing their employees with ergonomic perks. Some startups find themselves in the reverse situation, spending big before they’ve hit the jackpot. “It’s not unusual to hear that some company just got a round of financing and bought 20 (Herman Miller) Aeron chairs, or that another just bought 40 at a discount from another startup that went bust,” said Mike Vorhaus, Silicon Valley and technology analyst. “I absolutely think this is a follow-the-leader thing.” Still, many tech firms swear by it, reporting that ergonomic furniture has led to happier, healthier and more productive employees. Outside Los Angeles, underwear subscription startup MeUndies has an office decked out in Herman Miller furniture, with $660 chairs, $1,000 sit-to-stand desks and an open floor plan designed by ergonomists. “The most telling stat is employee retention,” said Terry Lee, MeUndies’ chief operating officer. “In the two years I’ve been here we’ve only had two employees voluntarily leave. In less than a year we’ve doubled our headcount. I think it translates to employee happiness, and workplace ergonomics tie into that.” For most companies, the draw of ergonomics is the effect that it is believed to have on the bottom line. “The companies buying these know if they can get their project done a little sooner, it pays huge dividends,” Voigt said. If a company could squeeze even 10 more minutes of worker efficiency each day, then the cost of an Altwork Station “is completely insignificant,” he said. Voigt is a mechanical engineer by trade and spent most of his career working on aerospace systems. He started on the Altwork Station five years ago when a family friend, who couldn’t sit for long periods of time because of an injury, came to him with the idea of a chair that would let him work in repose. Voigt didn’t think the project would take long. After all, how hard could it be to design a chair? “Well, it’s not just a chair,” he said. “You have to have a desk, and you have to learn about the human body, you have to figure out what to do with devices, and there are all these wonderful problems to solve to get it right.” The Altwork Station is pricier than comparable offerings from Herman Miller and Steelcase, but it’s more adjustable and, according to Voigt, the transitions are more seamless. Users can set their ideal position and the station will remember it. Some of the Valley’s biggest tech companies have already expressed interest in the Altwork Station, although Voigt wouldn’t say which ones. The company, backed by self-funding and $3 million from angel investors, started shipping pre-orders late last month. Although he understands that productivity is probably the desk’s strongest selling point, Voigt insists that the Altwork Station is a solution to neck, shoulder and back contortions we perform every day just to use a computer. “Humans have created all these fantastic things while hunched over a computer,” he said. “The fact that we’ve advanced all this tech but haven’t supported our body in any different way is insane to me.” Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Tumblr Telegram Related More articles from Business Amazon looks to clean house – literally App watch: The apps you must download immediately CNET: Which smart bulbs should you use with Alexa? Drowning in a sea of messaging apps Tech review: Google’s entry into smartphone design has some very cool features Grubhub CEO backtracks after asking Trump supporters to quit Salisbury Bank debit cards experience brief problem Yahoo took its time investigating massive security breach FuelCell sells in Germany Little People, Dungeons & Dragons top Toy Hall of Fame class Trump pledged to repeal and replace Obamacare. Can he really do it? The economy that Trump inherits: Durable but sluggish Connecticut, 14 other states settle case against Adobe Trump rally in stock markets still has legs Can the winner deliver? Snowflakes, Santa look to be back on Starbucks holiday cups Trump takes bite out of TV political ad revenue Workers as it cuts small car production US stocks gain following Trump victory; bond prices tumble Official: Hot bulb hitting cardboard sparked massive NY fire Markets Right Now: US stocks open broadly lower Trump’s conciliatory speech helps soothe market concerns Trump’s conciliatory speech helps soothe market concerns Trump victory increases uncertainties for global economy Dow futures, Asian shares tumble as Trump leads vote count US stocks close broadly higher as investors eye election China’s October exports fall in new sign of global weakness Embattled Valeant Pharma reports 3Q loss, slashes guidance Tesla inks deal to buy German manufacturing engineering firm Dismal year for Hertz grows more dismal still Latest News Fishing restricted on trail 37 mins ago Waterbury sludge contract ends 48 mins ago State Dems feel GOP heat 49 mins ago Woodbury makes bid on foreclosed bar 49 mins ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Picken’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    Time Out    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community Connecticut Open Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Entertainment Videos    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    News Gallery    NFL Photo Gallery    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Lifestyle Videos    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    wheels News    Bus Routes    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Fantasy football    Goalzone    Golf    High School    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       UConn video       Women’s Basketball Top 25 football poll Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2014    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Should Connecticut allow early voting? Yes, it is beneficial to voters No, voters will not have all information leading up to an election View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments scottssm on Charles F. Gilhooly Jr. marshall on Early voting proposed bettejaneceleste on On foreign tour, Obama must find way to explain Trump jenniferrose3833 on High above the city lovingc on Hit the brakes on marijuana Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 11/12/2016 08-17-20-27-52 PB-24Next Drawing: Wed. Nov. 16Next Jackpot: $293.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $185.0 Mega Millions for 11/11/2016 16-40-47-53-59 MB-11 MP-5Next Drawing: Tue. Nov. 15Next Jackpot: $73.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $45.4 Lotto! for 11/11/2016 10-11-12-26-27-30Next Drawing: Tue. Nov. 15Next Jackpot: $1.3 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,059,000 Lucky for Life for 11/10/2016 08-10-12-20-35 LB-11Next Drawing: Mon. Nov. 14 Cash5 for 11/12/2016 03-04-11-25-32 Upcoming Events Oct 16 Sun all-day St. John Pumpkin Patch @ St. John the Evangelist Church St. John Pumpkin Patch @ St. John the Evangelist Church Oct 16 – Nov 13 all-day Various hours through Oct. 31; volunteers welcome. Pumpkins, mums, gourds, corn stalks available. Proceeds benefit the parish. 860-274-8836, Jlyn8460[AT]gmail.com, www.stjohn.weconnect.com. Oct 17 Mon all-day St. John Pumpkin Patch @ St. John the Evangelist Church St. John Pumpkin Patch @ St. John the Evangelist Church Oct 17 – Nov 14 all-day Various hours through Oct. 31; volunteers welcome. Pumpkins, mums, gourds, corn stalks available. Proceeds benefit the parish. 860-274-8836, Jlyn8460[AT]gmail.com, www.stjohn.weconnect.com. Oct 18 Tue all-day St. John Pumpkin Patch @ St. John the Evangelist Church St. John Pumpkin Patch @ St. John the Evangelist Church Oct 18 – Nov 15 all-day Various hours through Oct. 31; volunteers welcome. Pumpkins, mums, gourds, corn stalks available. Proceeds benefit the parish. 860-274-8836, Jlyn8460[AT]gmail.com, www.stjohn.weconnect.com. Oct 19 Wed all-day St. John Pumpkin Patch @ St. John the Evangelist Church St. John Pumpkin Patch @ St. John the Evangelist Church Oct 19 – Nov 16 all-day Various hours through Oct. 31; volunteers welcome. Pumpkins, mums, gourds, corn stalks available. Proceeds benefit the parish. 860-274-8836, Jlyn8460[AT]gmail.com, www.stjohn.weconnect.com. Oct 20 Thu all-day St. John Pumpkin Patch @ St. John the Evangelist Church St. John Pumpkin Patch @ St. John the Evangelist Church Oct 20 – Nov 17 all-day Various hours through Oct. 31; volunteers welcome. Pumpkins, mums, gourds, corn stalks available. Proceeds benefit the parish. 860-274-8836, Jlyn8460[AT]gmail.com, www.stjohn.weconnect.com. View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads WATERBURY WATERBURY tired of viewing dirty, neglected apts, ours are clean and updated. 1 & 2 Br. 203-729-2269, 203-715-1190 WATERBURY WATERBURY 2 & 3 BR townhouses, Full appl kit, 1.5 ba, HW floor & tile, AC, gas heat, garage, EZ Rt 8/I84 start@ $1100. 203-756-7068 Reader Photos - Post your photo Groot in CT AT the CT Rennasaince Fair ... My car this is my car ... Forest Fairy A Forest Fairy ... Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
≡ The Intercept_ English Português 🔍 Glenn Greenwald Unofficial Sources Robert Mackey Features Documents About & Contacts ft© First Look Media. All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy Sitemap The Intercept_ Unofficial _Sources f t ✉ ⎕ 37 Photo: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Freed From Gag Order, Google Reveals It Received Secret FBI Subpoena Jenna McLaughlin Jenna McLaughlin 2016-10-14T19:57:39+00:00 Photo: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Google revealed Wednesday it had been released from an FBI gag order that came with a secret demand for its customers’ personal information. The FBI secret subpoena, known as a national security letter, does not require a court approval. Investigators simply need to clear a low internal bar demonstrating that the information is “relevant to an authorized investigation to protect against international terrorism or clandestine intelligence activities.” The national security letter issued to Google was mentioned without fanfare in Google’s latest bi-annual transparency report, which includes information on government requests for data the company received from around the world in the first half of 2016. Google received the secret subpoena in first half of 2015, according to the report. An accompanying blog post titled “Building on Surveillance Reform,” also identified new countries that made requests — Algeria, Belarus, and Saudi Arabia among them — and reveals that Google saw an increase in requests made under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. Though the Department of Justice and FBI are required by law, following the passage of the USA Freedom Act, to “periodically review” national security letters to determine if a gag order is still necessary — lifting it either once an investigation has concluded or three years after it’s been put in place — only a handful of the hundreds of thousands of letters issued each year have been revealed. That Google can now speak freely about the 2015 national security letter is a result of those changes. Government watchdogs have criticized the FBI for abusing national security letters multiple times over the years — for restricting First Amendment protected speech, failing to provide enough evidence to make the requests, and targeting a massive number of Americans without notifying them or giving them the chance for redress. The provisions in the Freedom Act were meant to address some concerns — including what many have argued are unconstitutionally lengthy gag orders. But Google in its short blog post did not publish the contents of the actual letter the way other companies, including Yahoo, have done in recent months. Asked about plans to release the national security letter, a Google spokesperson told The Intercept it will release it, though it wouldn’t say when or in what form it will do so. Google hasn’t previously published any national security letters, though it’s possible gag orders for prior demands are still in place. It’s also unclear why Google wouldn’t immediately publish the document — unless the gag is only partially lifted, or the company is involved in ongoing litigation to challenge the order, neither of which were cited as reasons for holding it back “I think the question is really a great and important one for Google,” Brett Max Kaufman, a national security staff attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union wrote in an email to The Intercept. Kaufman recently worked with Open Whisper Systems, the creators of end-to-end encrypted messaging application Signal, to successfully challenge a gag order on a criminal subpoena — though the company had almost no information to turn over, based on the way the application is designed. “If the gag is really gone in its entirety — maybe it’s not — it’s hard to imagine why they couldn’t publish a redacted version of it that would still protect the target’s privacy,” Kaufman continued. “From here it seems like a policy choice not to release it, and a strange one at that.” Contact the author: Jenna McLaughlin✉jenna.mclaughlin@​theintercept.comt@JennaMC_Laugh ˅ ⎕ 37 Comments (closed) The Intercept_ Newsletter D × ✓ Weekly Digest ✓ Breaking Stories and Exclusives ⟶ Email list managed by MailChimp Filters SVG
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Events Advertise #Pubcon Day 3: Women in Digital, Amazon, Analytics Events October 14, 2016 Leave a Comment Events Anna CroweOctober 14, 2016 SEJ STAFF 369SHARES 442READS 369SHARES 442READS SEJ STAFFAnna Crowe 369SHARES 442READS Thinking about finally putting the kibosh on going mobile. Spending your PPC budget on another channel. Ignoring cross-domain tracking in Google Analytics. I like to consider myself a dreamer, but when it comes to increasing search traffic into conversions, I tend to ignore the statements above. This is especially true to Pubcon speakers like Gary Illyes, Bill Hunt, Annie Cushing, and Jenny Halasz, pushing those search marketing goals into the “must-haves” category. Day 3 of my Pubcon adventures as a newbie presented the secrets to the future of search, optimizing on Amazon, and tracking valuable reports in Google Analytics. Here’s what you need to know from Pubcon today: “Women in Digital Marketing” Breakfast After an exciting night at the US Search Awards with notable winners (congrats Go Fish Digital and Eric Enge!), I started the morning with a “Women in Digital” breakfast. Kelsey Jones, Executive Editor at SEJ, CEO of MoxieDot and StoryShout, graciously invited me to attend this power woman’s breakfast. I was humbled, honored, and heartened to share a table with some of the best minds in search that I’ve been looking up to throughout my career. Some of the attendees included: Katy Katz Annie Cushing Jenny Halasz Kelcey Piper Robyn Johnson Kendall Bird Susan Wenograd Jenise Uehara Henrikson Jessica Cromwell Danielle Antosz I look forward to many more of these “Women in Digital” breakfast power sessions. If you more on women in tech from Pubcon, check out Kelsey’s article. Keynote Speakers Gary Illyes & Bill Hunt The morning kicked off with Gary Illyes, Webmaster Trends Analyst for Google, shares tremendous insights into the inner workings of Google’s search algorithm. Here are a few of the big takeaways: Ranking without links is tough. Penguin 4.0 will devalue “all links” going to a site if it sees signs of link manipulation. Rankbrain was live months before it launched. Everyone should switch to HTTPS. Google is changing to a mobile first index. The new change is set to go live on January 10, 2017. The team at Overit offered another doodle of Gary: "Links are more scarce on the mobile web" says @methode via @2theTopDesign #Pubcon #SketchPubcon pic.twitter.com/rYEKsaHXST — Overit (@overit) October 13, 2016 Next, Bill Hunt, President of Back Azimuth Consulting, presented the on the current state and future of SEM/SEO in 2016. Hunt has worked with global brands such as Cisco, Absolut Vodka, IBM, P&G, and much more. Let’s take a look at the big takeaways from Bill’s keynote: PPC is the best marketing tactic, but we aren’t doing it well. SEO is not magic. Focus on on-page and link quality. You need to check out his DataPrizm keyword research tool. Utilize site search data with organic SEO. Google AMP is showing up for non-news page sites. Session 1: Optimizing for Amazon I had the pleasure of getting to know Robyn Johnson at the “Women in Digital” breakfast. Her story of starting with $100 and turning it into a seven-figure eCommerce business is inspiring and powerful. If you know anything about selling products online, you know it doesn’t get any bigger than Amazon.  And so, Robyn Johnson, Amazon consultant and the host of The Unstoppable Entrepreneur Show, shared some of the greatest tips to optimizing your Amazon products for SEO. So, what is the secret sauce to beating the Amazon algorithm? The future of Amazon is 100% Prime. Use flat files to get your changes approved faster. The most important rule of Amazon’s 14 is customer obsession. If you want A+ listing videos, contact Cascadia Seller Solutions.  If you’re a brand owner on Amazon, listen to this podcast with Robyn and James Thompson.  If you’re using Sponsored Ads and Amazon determines you are not relevant, your ads will never be seen. Session 2: Google Analytics Customization It might be time for Google Analytics to change their name to Google Annielytics. While I admit, I am a major fan girl for Annie Cushing, founder of Annielytics, and Jenny Halasz, search marketing consultant at JLH Marketing, Inc., data is still the main event for me when developing my SEO strategy. So, you can imagine how pumped I was to have it all packed into one 1-hour session. Let’s review some of the key tips from Jenny: Jenny recommends putting together 3 dashboards for every Google Analytics account to answer these questions: How did people get there? What did they do while they were there? And, why did they leave? If you don’t know what regular expressions (regex) are, read Jenny’s guide here.  Data is just data. Analysis leads to insight. Check out Jenny’s full presentation here: Advanced Google Analytics – Jenny Halasz from Jenny Halasz Now, let’s head over to Annie’s tips for Google Analytics: Do not use Google Analytics for social media reporting. They are terrible. The “Other” bucket in your channels report under Acquisition is incredibly valuable. Create new channels to track with campaign tagging. (Example: Retargeter should be a medium). When using mediums, never choose “exact match.” Set-up smart filters. Set-up cross-domain tracking to help track PayPal. If you want more from Annie, check out her slides here. Be sure to check out my other posts from Pubcon 2016: #Pubcon Day 1: Tech Issues & Link Building Tips #Pubcon Day 2: Facebook Advertising, Twitter Hacks, & Reddit Tricks Also, if you want more from the Pubcon speakers, check out a few of these: #AskAnSEO with Jenny Halasz: Rapid Fire Q&A New #MarketingNerds Podcast with Annie Cushing: How Audits and Analytics Can Help You Understand Your Traffic Larry Kim & Bill Hunt will be at SEJ Summit in NYC on November 2. Gary Illyes on AMP and Mobile Search #SEJSummit There were so many amazing sessions at Pubcon that I didn’t get to make. If you attended, what were your favorite sessions? I’d love to hear below in the comments. Image Credits:  Photos were taken by the author. Related Posts Announcing Passport to #Pubcon 2015: A Digital Guide Understanding Searchers’ Needs + Advanced Google Analytics: Interviews With Two Experts Live Pubcon Interviews with Your Favorite Marketers: Schedule Announced #Pubcon Day 3: Marketing to New Generations of Searchers Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Anna Crowe Features Writer at Hello Anna & Co. Anna is the Features Writer for Search Engine Journal and an SEO-whisperer at Hello Anna & Co. Over the last 5 years, Anna has successfully... Read Full Bio @annaleacrowe +Anna Crowe Latest posts by Anna Crowe (see all) How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 - November 7, 2016 10 Ways I’m Becoming an Essentialist #SEJBookClub - November 1, 2016 #Pubcon Day 3: Women in Digital, Amazon, Analytics - October 14, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Chris Boggs on Setting Up Internal Agency Teams for Success See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 Google is Splitting its Search Index, Prioritizing Mobile over Desktop 10.5K reads 10/15/2016 2 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 6.7K reads 10/30/2016 3 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 4.2K reads 11/7/2016 4 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 3.9K reads 11/7/2016 5 How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 3.4K reads 10/17/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 3 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 4 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 5 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Memorialized Account Bug is “Killing” People on Facebook Related Posts 1 Announcing Passport to #Pubcon 2015: A Digital Guide 2 Understanding Searchers’ Needs + Advanced Google Analytics: Interviews With Two Experts 3 Live Pubcon Interviews with Your Favorite Marketers: Schedule Announced 4 #Pubcon Day 3: Marketing to New Generations of Searchers [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
null
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Telstra Australia starts delivering pre-order Pixel phones By R Padla - October 14, 2016 1 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Australians will soon receive the new Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones as Telstra Australia began to take pre-orders. Actually, one lucky customer already received his Pixel early this week and gladly showed it off over on Reddit. A certain ‘wooparse’ posted a photo of his Pixel phone and was game enough to answer questions from netizens. He was happy with the Pixel’s early arrival in the country but saw the challenge of having no protective phone case to buy. This redditor was one of the first batch to receive a Google-branded phone so he doesn’t know much about the unit. He asked how to activate the full photo resolution storage for future use and shared whatever he sees on the Pixel. So far, the new Pixel owner shared there’s an ambient display when a new notification is available or receive. The new Google Assistant starts when you say “Ok Google”. Buttons and navigations are smooth. Boot animation shows colored balls jumping over each other. The phone doesn’t seem to feature any carrier bloatware. When it comes to imaging, the Pixel camera can perform a 0.6-second long exposure with the shutter and FV5. Phone comes with standard earphones and some pre-installed apps. He also noted that encryption is turned on by default. The Pixel also features a magnetic back plus features Maps and Compass that are said to be accurate especially since it uses Google Maps. VIA: Reddit Story Timeline Google Pixel XL's Geekbench performance scores not as impressive System images for the Google Pixel, Pixel XL leaked New Google Pixel phones use electronic image stabilization over OIS New Google Pixel phone sample photos shown off in a gallery Google Pixel ads posted on YouTube before market release TAGS Android Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,395FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 468,879FollowersFollow 59,147SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
null
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SurfaceBook ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Cell Phones/ Samsung Smartphone Owners Eye iPhone, Google Pixel Samsung Smartphone Owners Eye iPhone, Google Pixel By Tom Brant October 14, 2016 01:42pm EST 10 Comments Eight percent of Samsung smartphone owners are considering the new Google Pixel. As Samsung scrambles to determine what caused its Note 7 smartphones to overheat and catch fire, Google, Apple, and other manufacturers are poised to benefit from the carrier's misstep. A new survey from e-commerce firm Branding Brand found that 40 percent of people who currently own a Samsung device say they won't buy another phone from the Korean electronics giant. The majority, 62 percent, plan to go with another Android phone for their next purchase, while 30 percent say they plan to switch to the iPhone and 8 percent could buy a Google Pixel. While Apple's iPhone has always been a close competitor to Samsung's flagship smartphones, the Google Pixel is a newcomer to the high-end mobile market. Announced on Oct. 4, it will be the first device to feature Google's new voice-activated personal digital Assistant, similar to Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa. The phone also boasts other software improvements unavailable to any other Android device currently on the market, and Google says its camera outperforms all the smartphone shooters it's tested. //Related Articles How to Return or Exchange Your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 That 8 percent of Samsung owners are considering switching to a competing flagship device that is not even on the market yet speaks as much to the buzz that the Google Pixel has generated as the crisis that faces Samsung. On Tuesday, the company said it was killing production of the Note 7, and asked retailers not to sell their remaining inventory. According to the New York Times, Samsung in September assigned hundreds of employees to test Note 7s in hopes of determining what is causing them to explode, but none were able to replicate the problem. Samsung has since remained quiet on the progress of its efforts to determine the cause. The company has received 92 reports of the batteries overheating in the US, including 26 reports of burns and 55 reports of property damage, according to the US Consumer Product Safety Commission. Back to top Previous : Report: Airlines Combat Exploding Phone Risk With Fire-Conta... DOT Bans Galaxy Note 7 on Airplanes Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Amazon Ordered to Refund Kids' In-App Purchases Amazon now requires a password for all in-app purchases. More » Microsoft Won't Offer Free Office Apps for Many Chrome OS Devices Chrome OS devices with screens larger than 10.1" will need an Office 365 subscription. More » Report: Spotify Fixes Hard Drive-Killing Desktop Glitch Some reported read and write rates of hundreds of gigabytes per hour, potentially shortening hard dr... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Related Reviews Apple iPhone 7 Plus Blu Life One X (Unlocked) HTC 10 Motorola Moto Z Force Droid The Best Phones of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Top Android stories of the week (October 14th) +6,329 Andrew Myrick Oct 14th, 2016 The amount of Android news each week can be overwhelming, but you can follow the best of the best with an app called EarlyBird – News for Android. It includes ALL of the Android news you crave and lets users decide what matters most to them. EarlyBird has recently received a huge update that allows you to subscribe to specific topics so you never miss stories about your favorite things! Download the app on the Google Play Store or, for desktop users, find related discussion in the Android Forums News section. Here’s what you picked as your favorite news stories for the week: #10 – Google Assistant Comedy 48 likes – In order to spruce up Google Assistant, the company hired writers from The Onion and Pixar to provide some comedic relief to the received responses. Read more at CNet Discuss at Android Forums #9 – Pixel Dialer app 49 likes – The new dialer app from the Pixel and Pixel XL was leaked and now you can download the specific APK and use it on any device running Android 6.0 Marshmallow or higher. In order to make sure that you’re always using the new dialer app, you will need to set the new app as the default within your devices settings menu. Read more at WonderHowTo Discuss at Android Forums #8 – Pixel 4K Video 50 likes – A new video was published to YouTube which claimed to show off the 4K video capturing capabilities of the Google Pixel. The video displays what to expect from the devices image stabilization, slow-mo recording, and general video quality. Watch via YouTube Discuss at Android Forums #7 – Play Movies & TV Update 50 likes – A new update to the Google Play Movies & TV application now alerts you whenever you have a reward which is expiring. The update also includes a channel for trailers, TV show recommendations, and prepares for the release of 4K content. Read more at Android Police Download on Google Play Discuss at Android Forums #6 – Now on Tap Screenshot 51 likes – A few users have reported that the screenshot button found within the Google Now on Tap screen has disappeared. It’s not known whether Google is permanently removing the feature just yet. Read more at Android Police Discuss at Android Forums #5 – Pixel and Pixel XL IP53 51 likes – After the Pixel and Pixel XL were introduced, one of the biggest questions remaining was whether these devices were waterproof. Google has since confirmed that they are IP53 certified, meaning that there’s not much the devices can withstand without being affected by water damage. Read more at Android Central Discuss at Android Forums #4 – Chrome Version 55 RAM 52 likes – The current mobile version of Google Chrome (v53) is still a pretty big RAM hog, but Chrome version 55 may reduce RAM usage by up to 50% with its new V8 JavaScript Engine. Read more at V8 Project Discuss at Android Forums #3 – Play Store UI Changes 55 likes – Google is testing out new changes to the UI of the Play Store as there are new banner graphics, and the consolidation of movies, music, and books into a single “Entertainment” header. Read more at Android Police Discuss at Android Forums #2 –  Nexus 5X to Pixel Upgrade 57 likes – Now that the Pixel has been announced, owners of the Nexus 5X are wondering whether the new device is worth the upgrade. The folks at Android Central take a look at the differences to help you make the decision. Read more at Android Central Discuss at Android Forums #1 – Pixel and Pixel XL Picture Samples 64 likes – The cameras on the Pixel and Pixel XL are being touted as the highest rated cameras from DxOMark, and Google has provided some camera samples to show off its capabilities. Discover more at Google Photos Discuss at Android Forums What’s YOUR top news item for the week? Disagree with the Top 10? Let us know in the comments and vote for yourself everyday by downloading EarlyBird on Google Play! local_offer    EarlyBird   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (1) stars Further Reading Top Android Stories of the Week (November 11th) Top Android Stories of the Week (November 4th) Top Android Stories of the Week (October 28th) Top Android Stories of the Week (October 21st) Top Android stories of the week (October 7th) stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vertPlay Store UI update closeGoogle is slowly rolling out an updated UI for the Play Store A couple of weeks ago, Google showed off a new Play Store UI in a support video for the Pixel. Now, users are reporting that the new UI is slowly rolling out to devices. 7 more_vertThis is ARA closeWe have Google’s secret Project Ara phone [VIDEO] Remember Project Ara? Google’s super secret modular smartphone that was supposed to set the world on fire? They killed and buried the project, but we did some digging… look what we’ve got our hands on: 8 more_vertAndroid Auto app launches closeAndroid Auto finally comes to Android phones Android Auto in the car is great, but there’s one issue: a lot of people aren’t going to go out and buy new cars or in-dash configurations just to get it. Well, not anymore — Google has announced Android Auto for phones. 9 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 10 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 14 GOOG: 778.53 0.34 Daydream Keyboard hits the Play Store, shows what manual text input is like in virtual reality Abner Li - 1 month ago @technacity Apps & Updates Daydream View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit While Daydream headsets are not yet available, the first Daydream-ready phones will be available starting next week. Yesterday, Google published Daydream Keyboard on the Play Store showing the “on-screen virtual reality keyboard for text entry in Daydream applications.” The keyboard itself is visually very similar to the Google Keyboard with a grey theme and blue highlights that match the Pixel’s custom accents. Unsurprisingly, it shares the exact same Android icons and it’s unknown whether you can change the theme in settings Instead of tapping shift to access the numeral rows, a dedicated keypad floats to the left side of the keyboard. To the right is panel with a giant delete button, enter key, and button for switching inputs. The Play Store screenshot show a search box floating above the keyboard and a virtual desktop similar to the Daydream UI. Google notes that “Some Daydream apps will not work if you uninstall Daydream Keyboard” and that Daydream Keyboard is only compatible with Daydream-ready phones.” Interestingly, Android Police says that the app can be installed on the Nexus 6P, which means it most likely also works on Pixel and Pixel XL, which are actually Daydream-ready. You can grab the app on the Play Store. Guides Daydream View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Search (optional) LifestyleLifestyle Architecture Around The Home Children Collectibles Good Thinking Health & Wellbeing Holiday Destinations Outdoors Pets Remarkable People Sports Tiny Houses ScienceScience Biology Electronics Energy Environment Materials Medical Physics Quantum Computing Space TechnologyTechnology 3D Printing Computers Deals Digital Cameras Drones Games Home Entertainment Laptops Military Mobile Technology Music Robotics Smartwatches Telecommunications VR Wearables TransportTransport Aircraft Automotive Bicycles Marine Motorcycles Urban Transport Features Reviews Facebook Twitter RSS Flipboard Mobile Technology Google Pixel vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Emily FerronOctober 15th, 2016 33 pictures Comparing Pixel, the first "made by Google" phone, with Samsung's Galaxy S7, one of its top competitorsView gallery - 33 images While Google is no stranger to smartphone manufacturing (the conglomerate has been overseeing Nexus design and manufacturing for years), the Pixel is the first phone to officially be dubbed "Made by Google." How does the hotly anticipated Pixel compare to its industry-leading Android competitor, the Samsung Galaxy S7? Size The two phones have the same width, but the Pixel is just a touch taller and thinner. Weight The comparatively squat Galaxy S7 is 6-percent heavier than the Pixel. Build When it comes to build, Google sticks with an iPhone-esque aluminum unibody, while Samsung keeps things interesting with slick curvy glass. The minimal aluminum frame nearly disappears into the glass front and back, which earned it major points in our review. Water resistance The Galaxy 7 series has industry-leading water resistance. The IP68 rating means the S7 can withstand immersion in up to five feet of water for up to 30 minutes. Unfortunately, the first Google-branded phone offers no such reassurance. Colors There are three color variants for each model; both are available in black and silver. In addition, Pixel takes a more colorful route with a blue option, while S7 goes for the gold. Display size Even though the S7 is smaller, Samsung manages to sneak a little extra screen (2 percent more) onto its front surface area. Display resolution The Pixel's 1,920 x 1,080 display meets the Full HD standard, but its resolution is still dwarfed next to the S7's Quad HD display. The difference might seem like overkill, but we bet that it makes a quite a difference when using mobile VR headsets. Display type Both manufacturers fall on the same side of the fence when it comes to using IPS vs. AMOLED display technology. Curved display The Pixel has a standard rectangular screen. The Galaxy S7's display hugs the curves of its glass front, curling ever so slightly around the edges of the phone. Always-on display We'll be able to confirm this once we perform our full-length review of the Pixel, but for now, it does not seem to have an "always-on" display option like the S7 does. This feature lets you see key notifications at a glance, without having to unlock the phone. Pressure-sensitive display Apple has developed a pressure-sensitive display that lets you lightly tap or firmly press the touchscreen for different results, but similar capabilities have yet to come to Android devices. Neither of these phones have a pressure-sensitive display. Camera megapixels The two devices have matching rear camera resolution, but with a notable 3-megapixel advantage, the Pixel is the selfie champ. Camera aperture (rear) The smaller the f-stop, the larger the aperture. A larger aperture means sharper photos in low light, among other things. S7 beats Pixel in this department. Optical image stabilization Optical image stabilization is absent from the Pixel. That means you'll see less noticeable camera shake and consequential photo blur from the OIS-equipped S7. Dual-lens camera Unlike the iPhone 7 Plus or the Huawei Honor 8, there are no fancy dual-lens tricks here. Charging/data port Pixel uses a more universal USB-C charging/data port, while the S7 uses the smaller microUSB. Battery Both phones have fairly large batteries, but the S7 edges out the Pixel. According to Google, a full Pixel charge will get you up to 26 hours of talk time and up to 13 hours of internet use or video playback over Wi-Fi. By Samsung's count, the S7 is good for up to 28 hours of talk time, 13 hours of internet use, or 16 hours of video playback. Fast charging Both phones offer the convenience of a quick charge. Wireless charging The S7 can be charged wirelessly using a charge pad (sold separately), but not the Pixel. Processor The two processors have the same clock speeds, but the Pixel's is a slightly newer version. RAM These phones have matching amounts of memory. Internal storage Both phones have 32 and 128-gigabyte storage sizes. The S7 also offers an intermediate 64-gigabyte option. microSD No matter which size S7 you get, rest assured knowing you'll never run out of space thanks to the phone's microSD expandable storage. VR headset compatibility Google's Pixel phones and Samsung's Galaxy 7 series are the leading virtual reality-ready phones on the market. Pixel is Daydream View-compatible; Gear VR is Samsung's offering. Headphone jack Be relieved, owners of expensive headphones: Android manufacturers haven't axed the headphone jack yet. Fingerprint sensor Fingerprint sensors are practically non-negotiable smartphone features at this point. Google puts its sensor on the back of the Pixel; Samsung's is incorporated into the home button. Mobile payments Both phones are equipped for mobile payments. Samsung Pay is supported in more countries, and it's accepted by more merchants within those countries. Why? Samsung Pay can actually mimic the swiping of a magnetic strip in addition to NFC transactions, so merchants shouldn't need any newfangled equipment to accept it. Virtual assistant Google Assistant (the newest iteration of Google Now) makes its first appearance on the Pixel and Pixel XL. We have not yet tried out this voice-activated virtual assistant for ourselves, but it is shaping up to be a more powerful alternative to the Google Now/S Voice features on the Galaxy S7. Operating system As Google's first real flagship, Pixel will launch running the absolute latest version of its operating system, Android 7.1 Nougat. Google has said Pixel will be on the forefront of new updates for the next two years and will receive security updates for three years. As of now, the Galaxy S7 is running Android Marshmallow with Samsung's proprietary TouchWiz skin. In the past, Samsung has taken 5-6 months to roll out its customized updates, which would place the Nougat update sometime in the beginning of 2017. Release The recently launched Pixel is the newcomer to the market. The S7 was released earlier this year. Starting price (full retail) Samsung prices vary depending on carrier and payment plan, but you'll likely pay about US$20 more for a Galaxy S7 over Google's Pixel. However, the Samsung flagship's specs sneak past Google's in a number of areas. The extra cash could be well worth it, particularly if you're drawn to its glass build, water resistance, expandable storage, or the versatility of Samsung Pay. Still, as the first "made by Google" phone, Pixel could offer a cohesive software and hardware experience not seen in other Android phones. We're also excited to see how the Daydream View experience compares to that of the Gear VR. We'll post a full length review of the Pixel once the phones ship. Until then, read up on what the Galaxy S7 has to offer, or check out News Atlas' comparisons of the Pixel and iPhone 7, or the Pixel XL and iPhone 7 Plus. View gallery - 33 images New AtlasGoogle Pixel vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 1 / 33 Tags #Samsung #Phone Comparisons #Smartphones #Google Pixel #Google #Product Comparison #Samsung Galaxy S7 Share this article Show 1 comment Recomended for you Latest in Mobile Technology The HTC Bolt offers a big boost in data speeds – for a select few Google Pixel XL vs. OnePlus 3 2016 Smartphone Comparison Guide Oak dock puts augmented reality on the table Latest phone comparisons Google Pixel XL vs. OnePlus 3 2016 Smartphone Comparison Guide Google Pixel XL vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Google Pixel XL vs. Nexus 6P Search New Atlas Search (optional) Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address unused Gizmag is now New Atlas Switch to Desktop Site
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Twitter shares tumble as Saleforce becomes last major bidder to pull out of a deal: Firm says social network 'wasn't the right fit for us' Salesforce.com, Google parent Alphabet and Walt Disney were in running Now all three have pulled out of talks with the social network  Binding acquisition offers were expected in the next two weeks By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 13:42 EST, 14 October 2016 | Updated: 14:50 EST, 14 October 2016 e-mail 21 shares 10 View comments Twitter's plan to sell itself was left in tatters today as the last major bidder walked away from a deal, causing its share price to fall dramatically.  Last week it emerged Salesforce was the most likely purchaser, after other potential acquirers, including Google and Walt Disney, decided not to pursue a deal. However, today the firm's chief executive Marc Benioff told the FT a deal was off - and shares slid 6 percent.  Twitter has yet to post a profit even after ramping up advertising efforts. Salesforce chief executive today Marc Benioff told the FT a deal was off as it 'wasn't a right fit'. Last week it emerged Google and Walt Disney had decided not to pursue a deal. 'In this case we've walked away. It wasn't the right fit for us,' he said in an interview with the FT. According to the paper's sources, Twitter's advisers are still seeking other potential bidders, but a person close to Twitter's senior management said 'the sale process is virtually dead.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Never worry about finding a parking space again: Tiny... Child's 600-year-old shoe is found at Newton Abbot:... The DOOMSDAY plan: EU prepares for 'dark scenario' of cyber... Clever computers can 'see' objects: AI software uses Google... Share this article Share 21 shares Twitter had told potential acquirers it is seeking to conclude negotiations about selling itself by the time it reports third-quarter earnings on Oct. 27, according to people familiar with the matter. 'It's not the right fit for us for many different reasons,' Mr Benioff said, when asked if price was the deciding factor, adding: 'You're going to look at price, you're going to look at culture, you're going to look at everything.' TWITTER'S PLUNGING SHARE PRICE  Shares of Twitter's stock plunged to their lowest level since August on the news, falling as much as 8 percent and last seen down about 5.5 percent.  Salesforce shares were up 5.5 percent. FindTheCompany | Graphiq Twitter has struggled to generate revenue growth and profit, despite having some 313 million average monthly active users and a growing presence as a source of news. The company missed Wall Street's sales expectations in both the first and second quarters of 2016, according to Thomson Reuters StarMine, and has yet to produce a net profit in 11 quarters as a public company. Last week it was thought Google parent Alphabet was a likely contender for the microblogging service but those familiar with the deal told Recode that the company was not moving forward with an effort to buy Twitter at this time. Disney had also considered making a bid but is not currently planning an offer, according to sources.   Twitter shares plunged on the latest news. Twitter has struggled to generate revenue growth and profit, despite having some 313 million average monthly active users and a growing presence as a source of news. The company missed Wall Street's sales expectations in both the first and second quarters of 2016, according to Thomson Reuters StarMine, and has yet to produce a net profit in 11 quarters as a public company. It has also failed to keep pace with rivals, notably Facebook Inc's Instagram and Snapchat.  Both now boast more users than Twitter by most measures, even though they are much newer, and advertisers have begun to migrate their ad dollars accordingly. Dorsey, who returned to Twitter as chief executive more than a year ago, has been part of Disney's board since 2013. Twitter went public in November 2013 at $26 a share.  The shares peaked above $74 just over a month after its IPO, but have been on steady downward trajectory since. Read more: www.ft.com/conte... Share or comment on this article e-mail 21 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Havelock resident shocked as he films earthquake hitting NZ Trump supporter spews ignorant racist rant at young woman Michael Moore tries to meet with Trump at Trump Tower Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Mother kicks her young child out for voting Trump in school Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters Nigel Farage avoids questions as he enters Trump Tower Dogs leaping through grass like antelope will cheer you up Bodybuilder with '0% body fat' flexes her muscles in the gym Road rage incident turns personal as drivers insult each other Terryfing video of ground shaking as earthquake hits Christchurch Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and... 'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon... From a modest home built by her father to the future First... Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one... 'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Film-maker Michael Moore is blocked by Secret Service on the... Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island... 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave... Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read World's tallest tropical tree is found in Borneo - and it's as tall as THREE blue whales stacked end to end  A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in... Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion... Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife... Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are... How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the... How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The astonishing claims over the final resting place of Jesus: Why Japan, India and Glastonbury have all been... How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to... UN climate talks dominated by fears Donald Trump will derail $100 billion plan launched by Hillary Clinton... Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' Is this part of a secret spy satellite? Mysterious chunk of 'Chinese' space debris crash lands in Myanmar Now that's a bright idea! Street lights powered by FOOTSTEPS make their world debut in Las Vegas  Girls respond worse to stress than boys because a region of their brain shrinks - and experts say it could... MORE HEADLINES A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in latest bizarre claim From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the test to find out if you're one of them The ultimate guide to the biggest supermoon in living memory: MailOnline reveals how to watch the stunning spectacle on Monday How slimeballs slither: Watch the bizarre 'slimelapse' that reveals gelatinous molds creeping for food  How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion reactor Medieval GIANTESS is found in a Polish cemetery: 7ft 2in woman had a traumatic life full of disease and injury Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are dead - and even Mark Zuckerberg was hit Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to persuading voters  Meet Bear-yoncé! Dancing bear twerks it out in hilarious trailer for hit BBC series Planet Earth II Move over James Bond: World's first commercially available jetpack is now on sale to 'well qualified buyers' MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'He wants to make America great again... and chicken fingers': The Daily Show jokes Trump's speechwriter could easily be a kid Sponsored Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Booty-ful day at the beach! RHOM star Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40 million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and tells divided America: 'Don't be afraid'  61 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Jobs Mail Today US Elections Digital India Movies India World Photos videos Cricket Tech FYI Auto Lifestyle Travel Sports Politics Food Education Business Money Top news Opinion Most Read Editor's Pick Funalytics Cosmopolitan News India Delhi facbook twitter googlepluse Kejriwal govt misused taxpayers' money to expand AAP's base outside Delhi, says report The Delhi government spent Rs 1.58 crore to advertise on Facebook, YouTube and Google to reach 1.8 crore voting-age people in Delhi, Goa, Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat. Rahul Kanwal  | Posted by Bijaya Kumar Das  Follow @rahulkanwal   rahul.kanwal@aajtak.com New Delhi, October 15, 2016 | UPDATED 13:32 IST A +A - PTI photo: Arvind Kejriwal. Highlights 1 Delhi govt spent Rs 1.58 crore to advertise on Facebook, YouTube and Google. 2 AAP's social-media ads were aimed at Goa, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat. 3 The contract for the campaign was handed out to PR firm Perfect Relations without open bidding. A probe report submitted to the office of Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung has found that the AAP government misused taxpayers' money to expand the party's political base outside the city and separately nailed "nepotism" under Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal's watch. According to documents accessed by India Today TV, the Delhi government spent Rs 1.58 crore to advertise on Facebook, YouTube and Google. What raises questions about this publicity campaign is the target audience. Official documents show the AAP's social-media advertisements were aimed at Goa, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat, where the party hopes to expand its political footprint. "Talk to AK", for example, is a web-based interactive programme launched by AAP purportedly to extend an opportunity to residents to question their CM. LG'S PROBE REPORT SAYS ANOTHER STORY But the LG's probe report has found that the project catered to audiences in other states. The Arvind Kejriwal-led government has been jostling with the Centre for control on land, police and administrative powers over the bureaucracy that is currently in the hands of the L-G who reports to the union home ministry. The Delhi High Court said in August that the lieutenant governor is the administrative head of the Capital and the state government must consult him on all decisions. The Aam Aadmi Party government challenged this decision in the Supreme Court, which will hear the final arguments on November 15. Following the HC ruling in his favour, Jung formed the three-member panel to scan files to check "irregularities" and "infirmities" in Delhi government decisions over the past 18 months. "There is no justification on file as to why the (advertisement) programme is being done. No public purpose seems to be served to the citizens of Delhi as the target audience is from other states, i.e Punjab, Gujarat, Goa where elections are scheduled in early 2017," the probe report notes. A breakdown of the spending showed Rs 60 lakh was earmarked for Facebook to reach 1.8 crore voting-age people in Delhi, Goa, Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat. Another Rs 25 lakh was set aside for YouTube for a pan-India audience of around 20 lakh. According to official papers, Rs 20 lakh each were budgeted for the Google Display Network and Facebook post-event plans. CONTRACT HANDED OUT TO PR FIRM WITHOUT BIDDING The probe report has discovered the contract for the campaign was handed out to a PR firm, Perfect Relations, without any open bidding. When contacted, the management of Perfect Relations said they had carried out the mandate that they had been given by the Delhi government and would not like to comment on the draft probe report. India Today TV has learnt that a private complaint has also been filed with the Central Bureau of Investigation, which is expected to begin a preliminary inquiry soon. APPOINTMENT OF DR NIKUNJ AGGARWAL AS OSD UNDER SCANNER Separately, Jung's office is also probing the curious appointment of Dr Nikunj Aggarwal as officer on special duty to Delhi Health Minister Satyendra Jain. Dr Aggarwal is the son-in-law of the sister-in-law of CM Kejriwal. He was first appointed as a senior resident doctor for orthopaedics. What makes the appointment, at the Chacha Nehru Bal Chikitsalaya, suspicious is that it came at a time when no such post was vacant in the institute. "Posts are filled through advertising, but in the instant case, the appointment was done without any advertisement," notes the draft probe report of the three-member Shunglu committee. A vacant position of faculty in the orthopaedics department was adjusted to make way for the entry of Kejriwal's relative, it states. Also, the appointment of Dr Aggarwal was done on the basis of a simple hand-written application, without government norms being followed, according to the report. Within three months, Dr Nikunj Aggarwal was then appointed as the OSD to health minister Jain. What has raised the hackles of the probe team was a state-sponsored programme for Dr Aggarwal at a top institute. According to official documents, he was sent, on government expense of Rs 1.15 lakh, to a management-development programme for senior healthcare officials at IIM, Ahmedabad. "Being a senior resident (ad hoc), Dr Aggarwal was not entitled to participate in such types of trainings at government expense as per residency scheme of the hospital," says the probe report. It has also found discrepancies in an order dated July 2016 of the department of health and family welfare, which approved government expenses for his trip to Beijing to attend the China Sinopharm International Corporation. "Being an ad hoc employee, the cost of to-and-fro tickets to Beijing, visa charges and TA/DA borne by the Department of Health and Family Welfare is a clear cut case of financial impropriety. His travel to China was not in public interest as he is not a government employee. His appointment is illegal as it has been done in violation of laid-down norms. This is a clear cut case of favouritism and nepotism as Dr Nikunj Aggarwal is a close relative of the chief minister," the report observed. ALSO READ: AAP smells trouble ahead of Kejriwal's rally in Surat   For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @indiatoday and on Facebook at facebook.com/IndiaToday For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in. ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.     # Arvind Kejriwal# AAP# Delhi govt# Nepotism row# Talk to AK# Facebook# YouTube# Google# Delhi HC   Recommended Watch Right Now Top Takes NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       
Search for: About DCK Data Center World Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Companies White Papers Regions Infrastructure Design Power Cooling Green Modular Data Centers DCIM InfoCenter Servers Downtime Networking Sectors Cloud Computing Big Data Bitcoin Executive Government Supercomputing / HPC Managed Hosting Colocation Storage DCIM InfoCenter Webcasts Industry Perspectives Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Cockcroft, the Man Behind Netflix’s Move to AWS, Joins AWS CenturyLink Sells Its Colo Business to Fund Level 3 Deal DuPont Fabros Buys Former Printing Plant for Its First Toronto Data Center Microsoft’s New Cloud Server Design is Half-Baked, and That’s the Point These Data Center Providers Use Most Renewable Energy Previous Article VMware Gives AWS Keys to Its Enterprise Data Center Kingdom Next Article AMD Reaches Deal With Alibaba to Use Chips in Cloud Service A young woman walks past the IBM logo at the 2009 CeBIT technology trade fair in Hanover, Germany. (Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images) Blades, Dell, Google, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Intel Google, IBM, Others Pitch Open Standard for Cloud Server Design by Yevgeniy Sverdlik  on October 14, 2016 Add Your Comments Tweet A group of tech giants working to mount a serious challenge to Intel in the data center, has previewed an upcoming open standard for interconnecting components in a server it is positioning as an alternative to Intel’s proprietary technology. The group includes Google, hardware vendors IBM, HP Enterprise, Dell EMC, as well as Intel’s more direct rivals AMD and NVIDIA, among others. IBM’s upcoming Power9 processors, expected to launch next year, will support the standard and so will IBM’s servers they will power. Intel currently dominates the market for server chips, and hyperscale data center operators like Google, which spend enormous amounts of money on hardware every quarter, want a viable alternative. They have generally adopted a multi-vendor strategy for sourcing nearly all components of their infrastructure, but it’s difficult to extend that strategy to processors given the size of Intel’s lead in the market. OpenCAPI and Power9 are aimed at the high end of the server market – computers used for data-intensive analytics workloads or machine learning. The group claims that the standard will be capable of boosting server performance tenfold. That performance improvement comes as a result of two things: higher bandwidth on the links between CPUs and accelerators and cache coherency, which essentially means data needs to be shuffled less within the system as it is being processed, saving resources as a result. Click chart to enlarge: Accelerators, or additional processors that take on a portion of the CPU’s workload to free up its resources, have been a mainstay in the world of supercomputers for years, but their role is now growing in importance in server architecture for cloud data centers and for the quickly emerging field of machine learning. “The compute model going forward is the marriage between a really good data-centric processor, like Power, and a really good set of acceleration technologies,” Doug Balog, general manager for IBM Power Systems, said in an interview with Data Center Knowledge. Most accelerators in use today are GPUs, made by the likes of AMD and Nvidia, and some are Intel’s Xeon Phi, but there has also been growth in the use of FPGAs, or Field-Programmable Gate Arrays, as accelerators. The advantage of FPGAs is that they can be reconfigured as workload needs change. Intel has invested heavily in FPGAs last year, paying $16.7 billion to acquire FPGA specialist Altera. The most prominent user of FPGAs to accelerate cloud workloads is Microsoft, whose latest-generation cloud server design supports the technology. See also: AMD Reaches Deal With Alibaba to Use Chips in Cloud Service It’s unclear at this point what kind of architecture will dominate the market for machine-learning hardware. There are divergent views on this today, with companies like Nvidia supporting GPU-accelerated AI servers and Intel saying that model isn’t scalable, pitching the next generation of its Xeon Phi processors – codenamed Knights Mill and expected to hit the market next year – as the better alternative. Amazon’s cloud servers for data-intensive workloads, including machine learning, rely on GPUs, and so does Big Sur, Facebook’s open source server design for AI workloads. See also: Why NVIDIA Gifted Elon Musk’s AI Non-Profit Its Latest Supercomputer Google has designed its own custom chip for machine learning, called Tensor Processing Unit. The company hasn’t revealed any details about TPU’s architecture, saying only that it is an ASIC (Application Specific Integrated Circuit) and that it is optimized for TensorFlow, its library of open source software for making AI applications. Google is also working on a server design together with Rackspace, which will run on IBM’s Power9 processors and have the OpenCAPI interface. The companies released the first draft of the Zaius server spec, which they plan to contribute to the Open Compute Project, today. The OpenCAPI consortium has an FPGA player among its members, in addition to server and GPU vendors. San Jose-based Xilinx plans to support OpenCAPI-enabled FPGAs, according to Friday’s announcement. IBM’s accelerator strategy has been to support as broad an array of choices as possible. Its current-generation Power8 chip supports NVIDIA’s GPU interconnect technology NVLink, and so will Power9, Balog said. Previous Article VMware Gives AWS Keys to Its Enterprise Data Center Kingdom Next Article AMD Reaches Deal With Alibaba to Use Chips in Cloud Service Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Yevgeniy Sverdlik (1258 Posts) San Francisco-based business and technology journalist. Editor in chief at Data Center Knowledge, covering the global data center industry. Related Stories Asia-Pacific IBM: Tencent to Run OpenPower Servers in Its Data Centers by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on September 9, 2016 It’s unclear to what extent, but the Chinese internet giant is deploying IBM’s x86 alternative in production. Read More Blades ARM Server Cloud in Full Swing, Online Builds Bare Metal Cloud on Power Servers by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on September 25, 2015 French web host expands bare metal cloud offerings with high-horsepower IBM servers Read More Blades Rackspace Building OpenPOWER-Based Open Compute Server by Jason Verge on December 16, 2014 With OpenStack cloud architecture and Open Compute server design, firmware is last element of the stack that needs to be opened up Read More Blades Microsoft’s Second-Gen Open Compute Server Design Now Open Source by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on October 30, 2014 Latest cloud server designs feature dual CPUs, support for FPGAs, high-capacity SSD memory Read More Blades IBM, Google Team on OpenPOWER Consortium by John Rath on August 7, 2013 In a bid to reinvigorate its POWER processor architecture, IBM this week announced a new development alliance called the OpenPOWER Consortium, with Google, Mellanox, NVIDIA and Tyan as initial members. Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM News Downtime HPC / Supercomputing Facebook Apple Microsoft Google Northern Virginia New York Silicon Valley North Carolina News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Virtualization Consolidation Open Compute Internet of Things Storage Convergence Disaster Recovery Managed Hosting Content Delivery Site Selection Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Podcasts From WIRED subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER INNOVATION INSIGHTS Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 11 hours Instead of escaping the increasingly dire politics of 2016, 'Infinite Warfare' seems to unwittingly reproduce them: bit.ly/2eKShkF Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 10.14.16. 10.14.16 Time of Publication: 2:32 pm. 2:32 pm Arcade Fire With the release of PSVR and the impending launch of Google’s new phone-based VR platform, virtual reality has hit a new high water mark. We bring in an expert, WIRED’s own Peter Rubin, to chart all of it. Peter manages WIRED’s culture and entertainment coverage and co-hosts The Monitor, our culture podcast. Peter is also well-steeped in face computers: he’s written stellar stories about Oculus and he’s been testing and ranking each new VR system as it’s released. With David out this week, Michael and Peter talk about PSVR, Google Daydream View, and the future of “untethered” real-deal VR. Podcast RSS iTunes Download Some notes: Read Peter’s review of the Sony PlayStation VR headset and his report from last week’s Oculus Connect. Also, Chris Kohler writes about rhythm games and short-play games in VR. David Pierce has the details on Google’s phone-based Daydream View. Recommendations this week: People Just Do Nothing on Netflix and the Talkhouse podcasts. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce, Peter Rubin is @provenself, and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Gadget Lab Podcasts PlayStation VR podcasts VR Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Gadget Lab Podcasts PlayStation VR podcasts VR Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Email Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 11.11.16. 11.11.16 Time of Publication: 2:21 pm. 2:21 pm The Wrist Is Interesting The market for wrist-worn fitness trackers is cooling. With recent reports of Fitbit’s profits dipping and the Apple Watch sales numbers not being super-great, a narrative has emerged over the last few weeks that wearables will soon be dead. There’s some truth to that, though in reality, it just means that the industry is changing to meet new consumer demands. David and Michael discuss what needs to happen for the market to get more interesting. Podcast RSS iTunes Download Some notes: IDC numbers are bad. Canalys numbers are way better. David’s feature story about Fitbit’s quest to get more people wearing Fitbits. David again on smartwatches and fitness trackers. Recommendations this week: Authy and the Garmin Forerunner 735XT. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Wearables Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Wearables Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 11.04.16. 11.04.16 Time of Publication: 3:40 pm. 3:40 pm Human Enough On this week’s Gadget Lab Podcast, we discuss voice assistants. We’re spending a lot of time talking to our devices. They’re talking back, too—products like Google Home and Amazon Echo can answer questions, give us helpful information, and tell stupid jokes. But what’s the end result of all this gabbing? Smarter AI assistants, sure. But the way we bark commands at our voice-controlled tech and treat the devices like lowly machines … is that making us ruder? Should we design the computers to talk to us more like humans in order to encourage empathy, or should we keep them cold and machine-like so we don’t get unhealthily attached? Is this even a problem? Podcast RSS iTunes Download Some notes: The Google Home is now available, and David talks to it. Also, Tim Moynihan puts Google’s Assistant and Amazon’s Alexa head-to-head to see which one keeps him company better. A year ago, David wrote about the coming wave of “crazy-powerful” AI assistants. David’s recommendation this week is Poisonfeather by Matthew Fitzsimmons. Michael recommends Amanda yerba mate. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts voice assistants WIRED Radio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts voice assistants WIRED Radio Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 10.28.16. 10.28.16 Time of Publication: 12:53 pm. 12:53 pm Computer Class Yes, sleek mobiles are going to take over the world … eventually. For now, some of us still need powerful PCs. This week, we got to see that Microsoft and Apple are still intent on wowing our socks off when it comes to hardware for developers and creative professionals. With the new Surface Studio from Microsoft and the redesigned MacBook Pro from Apple, we’ve got some great options. Podcast RSS iTunes Download Some notes: The Surface Studio looks hot. So does the new MacBook Pro with the Touch Bar. Also see David’s hands-on report. Margaret Rhodes has some additional thoughts on the Touch Bar as well. There’s also a new Surface Book from Microsoft. David’s recommendation this week is Lessons From the Screenplay. Michael’s is the Jaybird X3 sweat-proof wireless earphones. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple Gadget Lab Podcasts microsoft podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email apple Gadget Lab Podcasts microsoft podcasts Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 10.21.16. 10.21.16 Time of Publication: 3:40 pm. 3:40 pm We’re All Talk Have we reached peak smartphone? The Pixel maybe just tipped the scales, and it did so right at the moment we’re getting ready to move on to something else. With so many voice-controlled, non-smartphone devices in our homes, it sure feels like we’re at a flux point. Also, the Google Assistant, which lives in the Pixel, is so so powerful, and we’re headed for more of that. Michael and David (who is back from Bogota) discuss the changes in the personal tech landscape. Podcast RSS iTunes Download Some notes: David’s review of the Google Pixel. A gallery of the full-size images he shot with the phone in Colombia. Tim Moynihan’s story about the Pixel’s advanced camera technology. David’s recommendation this week is Textra, the best default messaging app for Android. Michael’s recommendation is Bob Dylan’s Planet Waves. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 10.07.16. 10.07.16 Time of Publication: 3:29 pm. 3:29 pm Google’s Voice-Activated Future The tech giant finally made good on its promise to get serious about hardware. This week saw the debut of two new Pixel phones (the first ever phones from Google), plus the retail release of Google Home and the Daydream View phone-based VR headset. The Pixel phones are exciting—not only because of their premium design, but also because they include the new Google Assistant, a more advanced version of Google Now that helps you communicate, make plans, and run your life more efficiently. But, maybe it doesn’t work super-great just yet. Podcast RSS iTunes Download Some notes: Watch Google’s presentation from Tuesday, and read our roundup of everything that was announced. Read Brian Barrett’s story on Pixel’s place in the Android world. Margaret Rhodes on Google’s “Trojan Horse” plan for AI. This week, David recommends Keep, and Michael recommends the now-dirt-cheap Nexus 5X. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Gadget Lab Podcasts google google assistant podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Gadget Lab Podcasts google google assistant podcasts Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 09.30.16. 09.30.16 Time of Publication: 2:46 pm. 2:46 pm We Like to Watch This week, television. What we watch, what we watch it on, and what we do while we watch it. Not only is the technology of TV changing, but the content is morphing in a way that alters what we think of as “television.” Is a YouTube video TV? Sure, right. What about a Snapchat story, or a local city council meeting on Twitter? Yes—why not. The hosts discuss these changes in light of YouTube’s new app, Twitter’s new strategy, Snap’s new hardware, and Roku’s new future-proofed players. Podcast RSS iTunes Download Some notes: David Pierce’s story on YouTube Go. The video from Vox about “the package” in Cuba. Brian Barrett on Snap Specs, and the WSJ feature that dropped suddenly. David also wrote about football on Twitter. Tim Moynihan’s rundown of the new boxes from Roku. David on Alto, the new email app from AOL. Easy, on Netflix. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Roku Television twitter YouTube Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Roku Television twitter YouTube Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Dave Chappelle’s Towering Monologue on SNL Gave Us the Catharsis We Needed TV Dave Chappelle’s Towering Monologue on SNL Gave Us the Catharsis We Needed 19 hours First Ghost in the Shell Trailer Shows Major on a Mission trailers First Ghost in the Shell Trailer Shows Major on a Mission 6 hours Security News This Week: What Trump’s Win Means for Cybersecurity security news this week Security News This Week: What Trump’s Win Means for Cybersecurity 2 days NES Classic Is Sold Out, of Course. So How Can You Get One? Gaming NES Classic Is Sold Out, of Course. So How Can You Get One? 2 days On His Way Out, US Transportation Chief Anthony Foxx Sets Drones Free aviation On His Way Out, US Transportation Chief Anthony Foxx Sets Drones Free 6 hours Review: Panasonic Lumix GX85 product review Review: Panasonic Lumix GX85 14 hours Now, More Than Ever, Designers Must Transform America Liz Stinson Now, More Than Ever, Designers Must Transform America 15 hours Trump’s Presidency Could Upend the Way Silicon Valley Works Election 2016 Trump’s Presidency Could Upend the Way Silicon Valley Works 2 days More Stories Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear books These Cookbooks Add a Dash of Science to Your Holiday Meals 14 hours product review Review: Panasonic Lumix GX85 14 hours video Drone Off! GoPro Karma and DJI Mavic Pro Fly Head-to-Head 11.02.16 Home Entertainment The Naim Atom Is a $3,000 Digital Audio Hub for Modern Times 2 days product review Review: Atomic Beam USA Tactical Flashlight 3 days National Affairs A US Judge May Sentence Wannabe Terrorists to ‘Deradicalization’ 4 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 11 hours Instead of escaping the increasingly dire politics of 2016, 'Infinite Warfare' seems to unwittingly reproduce them: bit.ly/2eKShkF Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 11 hours Instead of escaping the increasingly dire politics of 2016, 'Infinite Warfare' seems to unwittingly reproduce them: bit.ly/2eKShkF Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Now That Google Makes Phones, Are Smartwatches Next? Even though it makes less sense, Google will still probably pull the trigger. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Oct 14, 2016 at 1:42PM Android Wear smartwatches. Image source: Google. Google's new Pixel phones represent an important strategic shift for the company. It's the first time that Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google has designed phones from the ground up, in contrast with prior Nexus devices where Google merely collaborated with hardware original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). The timing is a bit peculiar considering the ongoing maturation of the global smartphone market, combined with the fact that phones are so good nowadays that there's not a whole lot of potential hardware innovation left. But now that Google has embarked upon this path, we have to wonder what other products the company may have in the pipeline. Over the summer, Android Police reported that Google was working on a pair of Android Wear smartwatches, that would feature deep integration of Google Assistant, the revamped virtual assistant and spiritual successor of Google Now. The site subsequently snagged some renderings of what the pair of smartwatches might look like, which Android Police says are code-named Angelfish and Swordfish. Image source: Android Police. While these rumors remain unconfirmed, with no indications at Google's recent product event that it had such devices in the works, investors should consider if it makes sense for Google to design smartwatches, since the company is clearly making big moves into hardware. Why the smartwatch category is different Intuitively, you might think that of course Google would make a smartwatch since it has expressed a clear ambition to take greater control of the hardware that delivers its software. The search giant now makes phones, virtual reality headset accessories, Wi-Fi routers, speakers powered by virtual assistants, and more. Smartwatches are the newest computing product category, so it stands to reason that Google would jump in there, too. It does make more sense to enter into a nascent market, since there is greater opportunity to have an impact. However, there's a huge difference between Android and Android Wear: OEM customization. On smartphones, Google allowed OEMs to make all sorts of modifications and user interface (UI) customizations, which OEMs took full advantage of in an effort to differentiate themselves. They also added a wide range of additional software features, for better or for worse. But this created layers of fragmentation within the platform, and things got out of hand -- fast. In response, Google launched its Nexus program as a way to offer stock Android, while setting an example of what a flagship Android phone should be. Pixel is just an evolution of that same strategic purpose. But Google decidedly does not allow OEMs to add UI customizations to Android Wear, implicitly acknowledging that OEMs went overboard, potentially to the detriment of the operating system. OEMs aren't particularly happy with this decision; Huawei publicly called on Google to open up Android Wear to customizations last year. But this position makes sense from Google's perspective, since standardization can translate into a more consistent and potentially better user experience. If there's more standardization within the platform, there's less need for Google to take matters into its own hands if OEMs are merely being relegated to what they're good at: hardware. Still probably happening While there may be less strategic value relative to smartphones to design its own hardware, I still think Google will likely pull the trigger here. Smartwatches are too important of a product category for Google to leave to the OEMs alone. Indeed, industry leaker Evan Blass says Google's pair of smartwatches will be released in Q1 2017. Presumably, they'll bear the Pixel branding. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Evan Niu, CFA has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares) and Alphabet (C shares). Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Oct 14, 2016 at 1:42PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $771.75 down $-8.54 (-1.09%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $754.02 down $-8.54 (-1.12%) Read More Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Disaster: Apple Inc. May Not Be the Biggest Winner Will Google Design Its Own Smartphone Processors? Yandex Gains After a Strong Quarter Despite Losing Market Share Here's All the Hardware Google Debuted This Week Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Alphabet Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Pixel & Pixel XL from Google Store shipping with unlockable bootloader +11,553 Ashley King Oct 14th, 2016 Google’s Pixel & Pixel XL phone is a much more general consumer-oriented device line than the Nexus line it’s replacing, which has led some techies to worry that these new devices will be locked down much like the iPhone. WonderHowTo.com reached out to Google to ask whether or not Pixel devices would feature unlockable bootloaders and the short answer is yes. Iska Saric confirmed that customers who purchased their Pixel device from the Google Store will be able to root their devices, thanks to shipping with an unlockable bootloader. Sadly, it was confirmed earlier that phones purchased directly from carrier partner Verizon will not feature unlockable bootloaders. If rooting is an important feature for you, you’ll want to purchase from the Google Store. But then again, you already knew that, didn’t you? local_offer    Google   Pixel   Pixel XL   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (23) stars Further Reading The Verizon Pixel XL is delayed again The Play Store sees another update Verizon launches BOGO deal Google starts selling OtterBox cases Exclusive: Project ARA specifications, design stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vertPlay Store UI update closeGoogle is slowly rolling out an updated UI for the Play Store A couple of weeks ago, Google showed off a new Play Store UI in a support video for the Pixel. Now, users are reporting that the new UI is slowly rolling out to devices. 7 more_vertThis is ARA closeWe have Google’s secret Project Ara phone [VIDEO] Remember Project Ara? Google’s super secret modular smartphone that was supposed to set the world on fire? They killed and buried the project, but we did some digging… look what we’ve got our hands on: 8 more_vertAndroid Auto app launches closeAndroid Auto finally comes to Android phones Android Auto in the car is great, but there’s one issue: a lot of people aren’t going to go out and buy new cars or in-dash configurations just to get it. Well, not anymore — Google has announced Android Auto for phones. 9 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 10 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Login All Reviews Editorials News iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts MGG 631: The Odd Couple Episode TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-11: Interview with TMO's Bryan Chaffin View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → Google Offers Ballot Information Tailored to You Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Oct 14th, 2016 11:53 AM EST | Cool Stuff Found Google is adding U.S. ballot information to search results in the run up to the presidential election in November. It starts with the ability to search for “who’s on my ballot” in the main Google search engine. Users who do so will be asked to provide the street address where they’ll be voting (i.e. it will be added to Google’s profile on you if that was somehow missing). Google Maps users will be prompted to use their Home address. You’ll then be given all the candidates on your ballot, as well as quick access to information on how to vote in your state and where to vote in your district. In my opinion Google is performing a huge service to the country with this feature. Watch the video for more information. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit 2 Comments Add a comment Jamie October 14, 2016 Sorry to be an Eeyore, but it *would* be great if they weren’t simultaneously collecting information. I could take anything Google puts on offer a lot more seriously if anything they did included the explicit assurance that no personal information would be logged, saved, or passed on, particularly for private matters such as this. :/ Again, sorry, but I just don’t trust ’em. October 14, 2016 at 3:13 EST PM Macfox October 15, 2016 So right, Jamie. You really can’t trust places like Google, Facebook, etc. ALL your personal info is up for grabs. I too would at least like a statement (or pledge) that your provided info would stay anonymous. October 15, 2016 at 4:38 EST AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $108.43 +0.64 (0.59%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Apple Offers Refurb iPhone 6s/Plus on Apple Store Starting at $449 Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 5172 Bryan Chaffin cool-stuff-found 2 1476446010 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Now That Google Makes Phones, Are Smartwatches Next? Even though it makes less sense, Google will still probably pull the trigger. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Oct 14, 2016 at 1:42PM Android Wear smartwatches. Image source: Google. Google's new Pixel phones represent an important strategic shift for the company. It's the first time that Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google has designed phones from the ground up, in contrast with prior Nexus devices where Google merely collaborated with hardware original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). The timing is a bit peculiar considering the ongoing maturation of the global smartphone market, combined with the fact that phones are so good nowadays that there's not a whole lot of potential hardware innovation left. But now that Google has embarked upon this path, we have to wonder what other products the company may have in the pipeline. Over the summer, Android Police reported that Google was working on a pair of Android Wear smartwatches, that would feature deep integration of Google Assistant, the revamped virtual assistant and spiritual successor of Google Now. The site subsequently snagged some renderings of what the pair of smartwatches might look like, which Android Police says are code-named Angelfish and Swordfish. Image source: Android Police. While these rumors remain unconfirmed, with no indications at Google's recent product event that it had such devices in the works, investors should consider if it makes sense for Google to design smartwatches, since the company is clearly making big moves into hardware. Why the smartwatch category is different Intuitively, you might think that of course Google would make a smartwatch since it has expressed a clear ambition to take greater control of the hardware that delivers its software. The search giant now makes phones, virtual reality headset accessories, Wi-Fi routers, speakers powered by virtual assistants, and more. Smartwatches are the newest computing product category, so it stands to reason that Google would jump in there, too. It does make more sense to enter into a nascent market, since there is greater opportunity to have an impact. However, there's a huge difference between Android and Android Wear: OEM customization. On smartphones, Google allowed OEMs to make all sorts of modifications and user interface (UI) customizations, which OEMs took full advantage of in an effort to differentiate themselves. They also added a wide range of additional software features, for better or for worse. But this created layers of fragmentation within the platform, and things got out of hand -- fast. In response, Google launched its Nexus program as a way to offer stock Android, while setting an example of what a flagship Android phone should be. Pixel is just an evolution of that same strategic purpose. But Google decidedly does not allow OEMs to add UI customizations to Android Wear, implicitly acknowledging that OEMs went overboard, potentially to the detriment of the operating system. OEMs aren't particularly happy with this decision; Huawei publicly called on Google to open up Android Wear to customizations last year. But this position makes sense from Google's perspective, since standardization can translate into a more consistent and potentially better user experience. If there's more standardization within the platform, there's less need for Google to take matters into its own hands if OEMs are merely being relegated to what they're good at: hardware. Still probably happening While there may be less strategic value relative to smartphones to design its own hardware, I still think Google will likely pull the trigger here. Smartwatches are too important of a product category for Google to leave to the OEMs alone. Indeed, industry leaker Evan Blass says Google's pair of smartwatches will be released in Q1 2017. Presumably, they'll bear the Pixel branding. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Evan Niu, CFA has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares) and Alphabet (C shares). Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Oct 14, 2016 at 1:42PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $771.75 down $-8.54 (-1.09%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $754.02 down $-8.54 (-1.12%) Read More Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Disaster: Apple Inc. May Not Be the Biggest Winner Will Google Design Its Own Smartphone Processors? Yandex Gains After a Strong Quarter Despite Losing Market Share Here's All the Hardware Google Debuted This Week Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Alphabet Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter View from the Marketplace Views from the Marketplace are paid for by advertisers and select partners of MIT Technology Review. Context, Language, and Reasoning in AI: Three Key Challenges The next phase in the AI revolution calls for advances in how the technology addresses and processes data from the non-vision world. by Venkat Srinivasan, CEO, RAGE Frameworks October 14, 2016 Provided by Today, artificial intelligence (AI) is rapidly emerging out of R&D labs and into the mainstream. Smart technologies are changing every aspect of our lives, from the way we work, to health care, education, travel, and transportation. One example: the self-driving cars produced by Google and Tesla. There are also many successful applications in the computer vision space. But what about the non-vision applications of AI: that is, areas including non-spatial data—most importantly, text and numbers? The IBM Watson technology platform has famously beaten human chess grandmasters and a “Jeopardy” champion and is featured with celebrities in TV ads heralding the arrival of a smarter planet. Google’s AlphaGo recently beat a Korean grandmaster in an even more complex challenge, the ancient game of Go. Does all that mean AI is finally here for non-vision applications? We believe the answer is an emphatic “yes”—but not with the current approaches used by IBM and Google.  Because of AI’s revolutionary potential, its applications in non-vision problems have attracted tremendous interest. There have also been attempts to replicate what worked with spatial data and apply it to text (and numbers). I’m referring to what seems like a blind rush of computational, statistically based approaches to process natural language. Such approaches attempt to turn text into data and then look for deep patterns in that data. That situation reminds me of when physicists entered the financial market space and attempted to create predictive models for financial data. Such efforts are bound to fail, as has already happened to several companies. Eventually, the hype and illusion of applicability will wear off. Then we’ll address the problem by focusing on the fundamental characteristics of the data and devising an approach that is more conceptually sound.­ Addressing a Trio of Challenges AI technologies must overcome three challenges to be successful in the non-vision world (and perhaps even in the vision world): language, context, and reasoning. A recent MIT Technology Review article, “AI’s Language Problem,” eloquently points out the first challenge. Today’s AI technologies, including those IBM Watson and Google AlphaGo, struggle to process language the way that humans do. That’s because the large majority of the current implementations approach text as data, not as language. They apply the same techniques that worked on spatial data to text. The second challenge—understanding context—is related to the language problem, but is sufficiently significant that I think of it as an independent issue. Natural language text needs to be processed in the right context. The right context can only be developed if the technology focuses on the language structure, not just on the words in the text, as most current technologies seem to be doing, according to a 2014 article in IEEE Computational Intelligence Magazine. Then there’s the third challenge: the traceability of reasoning that the solution deploys to reach its conclusion. Various technologies are attempting to address all three challenges today. Several successful enterprise AI solutions deal with language, context, and reasoning transparency effectively. Handling Natural Language: From Processing to Understanding Current methods for natural language processing (NLP) are largely driven by computational statistics. These methods don’t attempt to understand the text, but instead convert the text into data, then attempt to learn from patterns in that data. In the conversion process, we lose all context and meaning in the text. The assumption behind such approaches is clearly that, given sufficiently large collections of text, all possible permutations and combinations of meaning must be present. Thus, discovering word-based patterns should reveal the intelligence in the text, which can then be acted upon. Unfortunately, that outcome doesn’t occur in most real-world situations. To address the language challenge in AI, we have to move from mechanically converting natural language to data through, for example, word occurrence-based logic. We can then understand the language by using its linguistic structure and the principles we have learned to express our thoughts. I view this as moving from NLP to Natural Language Understanding (NLU). In my view, NLP has come to symbolize the mechanical approach to natural language through conversion of text into data. Our real goal in AI is devising mechanisms for understanding the meaning of the written text. A deep understanding of the linguistics structure in text would involve applying several principles from computational linguistics to decompose the text back into the concepts and verbiage used to connect them in the text. This is essentially reverse-engineering the text back to its fundamental ideas to understand how those ideas were connected together to form sentences and paragraphs. RAGE AI has demonstrated such deep linguistic learning, and RAGE Frameworks has used this method to create and successfully deploy several AI applications in global corporations. Understanding Context NLU also involves understanding the context in which the language is used. But understanding context involves multiple challenges.   First, in many languages, certain words can be used in multiple senses. That makes it important to eliminate the ambiguity of all such words so that their usage in a particular document can be accurately understood. Word-sense disambiguation is an ongoing issue in linguistics, but researchers have made significant progress toward addressing it. Second, text documents often use domain-specific discourse models such as legal contracts, news articles, research reports, and the like. Certain properties of such domain discourse models should be incorporated into the AI technology to enhance NLU. Third, we use many words as proxies in the document for other concepts. For example, most commonly, we say “Xerox” for “copy,” “FedEx” for “overnight courier,” and so on.  AI technology must be able to recognize and understand these proxies. Finally, the document may refer to knowledge that isn’t explicitly included of the text. We can understand it only if we have that prior knowledge. AI has to create a repository of such global knowledge that can be retrieved, in context, to supplement the text in the document to gain full understanding of the meaning of the text. The Automated Knowledge Discoverer in RAGE AI is one such example of this idea, as I explain in more depth in my recent book, The Intelligent Enterprise in the Era of Big Data (John Wiley & Sons, 2016). This technology can automatically discover ideas related to a notion and expressions with various rhetorical relationships to the concept of interest. For a period of time, such knowledge and global context may have to be refined by human experts. But in a short period, we have found it possible to create enough knowledge in the machine for it to perform at better than 90 percent recall. For instance, we created an AI application to categorize relevant content for a global consulting company across 20 of its practice areas. The idea was to provide, on a real-time basis, distilled knowledge to all of its consultants, using information gleaned from each practice area. Automated knowledge discovery was used to expand this to a more global understanding. Now, this application categorizes 40 million articles a month with greater than 90 percent accuracy through deep linguistic learning. Reasoning The final challenge we need to recognize is the visibility to the reasoning deployed by AI technology. Almost all AI technologies using computational statistics are black boxes. There’s nothing wrong with that per se—except that when we get a recommendation from the AI technology and it isn’t intuitive, we have no way of understanding it. We also don’t know if it is truly causal or spurious. We just have to blindly trust it. Of course, there are applications where such visibility may not matter. For instance, in the example involving the game Go, it wasn’t important to understand the reasoning deployed by the machine for its moves. Another example: While we’d all prefer for Internet searches to be more relevant, the false positives don’t bother us too much. On the other hand, we believe that for many applications, such visibility will be essential for adoption. In certain mission-critical applications where people are held accountable—such as medicine and business—users have to develop trust that the engine’s reasoning is sound. Visibility would also make it easier to improve the engine in the event of  false positives or false negatives. With a black box, we have to find enough instances of false positives or false negatives to rebuild the black box. We’ll have no way of knowing whether all variations or permutations of that error have been addressed. The good news: With the adoption of deep linguistic learning, we can maintain full and complete visibility to the reasoning.  Venkat Srinivasan is the founding CEO of RAGE Frameworks and a successful serial entrepreneur. He is also a former associate professor in the College of Business Administration at Northeastern University in Boston. He has published more than 30 articles in prestigious peer-reviewed journals and contributed to news publications such as The Wall Street Journal. He holds five patents in the area of knowledge-based automation and linguistics. He is the author of The Intelligent Enterprise in the Era of Big Data (John Wiley & Sons, 2016). Weren't able to make it to EmTech? We've got you covered. Read coverage Watch video From Our Advertisers In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? In partnership with Google Analytics Data Analytics and Machine Learning: Driving Speed to Insight Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud Tagged artificial intelligence, computing Venkat Srinivasan, CEO, RAGE Frameworks Guest Contributor Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $2 per month. Insider Online Only $19.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Computing From the latest smartphones to advances in quantum computing, the hardware behind today's digital age is rapidly changing. Survey: Machine Learning Trends, Challenges, and Opportunities Is your organization using, or planning to adopt, machine learning? If so, please share your experiences and insights in this survey. And even if you have no plans to use machine learning, please take the survey anyway—we’d love to know why. Prediction Models Gone Wild: Why Election Forecasts and Polls Were So Wrong The polls had Clinton ahead, the real-time data said she’d walk it—here’s what they missed. by Michael Reilly Here Are All the Ways That Technology Could Screw Up Today’s Election Hacks, malfunctions, and data sharing could shape the outcome. by Jamie Condliffe More from Computing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
null
▲ top Features Calendar Local Global Other Home About Contact Subscribe Calendar Publish Donate Regions north coast central valley north bay east bay south bay san francisco peninsula santa cruz california us international Topics animal lib anti-war arts + action drug war education en español environment global justice government health/housing immigrant media activism labor lgbti / queer police state racial justice womyn International americas haiti iraq palestine afghanistan More make media get involved photo gallery feature archives fault lines links Donate Help support grassroots independent media. $36.00 donated in past month IMC Network From the Open-Publishing Calendar From the Open-Publishing Newswire Indybay FeatureRelated Categories: Americas | Santa Cruz Indymedia HIDDEN The following post may have been a test post, a duplicate, or could have been hidden if it violated this site's Points of Unity. If you think this item should not have been hidden, first make sure it wasn't posted twice and you were just unable to find the other copy of the post. If that was not the case, you can contact the editorial collective by e-mailing indybay@lists.riseup.net. SUCK TURDS BILLY GATES INDY BAY TURD DOLLS U.S.C GIMPS WITH TURD HOLE FINGERS! by HITLERSON WARMACHT Friday Oct 14th, 2016 10:28 AM SUCK TARDS YOUR TURDS GIMP WADS ! YOU FECAL WORMS OF GIMPS! SEE MR MISTER IN PUBLIC SMASH A TURD IN YO SWALLOW A TURDS FACES! © 2000–2016 San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center. Unless otherwise stated by the author, all content is free for non-commercial reuse, reprint, and rebroadcast, on the net and elsewhere. Opinions are those of the contributors and are not necessarily endorsed by the SF Bay Area IMC. Disclaimer | Copyright Policy | Privacy | Contact | Source Code
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Technology First Look Why Google News is adding a 'Fact Check' label Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Trump tweets dig at New York Times: Will he quit Twitter as president? From protest to action: what is the Trump opposition planning? Why a third of Clinton supporters say Trump's victory is illegitimate Can Trump's children serve both his transition team and his business? While pundits are in disagreement about the role the media should play in vetting politicians' statements, readers are bringing record traffic to fact-checking websites like Politifact. By Ellen Powell, Staff October 14, 2016 Save for later Saved Google's headquarters is seen in Mountain View, Calif., on Jan. 3, 2013. The search engine will begin flagging articles with a new 'Fact check' tag on Google News, the company announced Thursday. Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP/File View Caption About video ads View Caption of Perhaps inspired by the "fact check" election, Google News is introducing a new label for stories that rigorously vet politicians' statements. Google, whose News feature aggregates content from news sites around the world, already labels some types of articles, such as “In-Depth” and “Opinion” pieces. Earlier in the year, it added a “Local Source” tag to feature local coverage of major news events. Now, the website and app have a new category – “Fact Check” – that highlights stories assessing the veracity of statements by public figures. The new category may be a response to the 2016 US presidential election, which has been heavy on fact-checking. Though some don't see the value in media fact-checking, the wild ride of the campaign appears to have bolstered many readers’ interest. Recommended:Are you smarter than a Fox News viewer? How about a CNN viewer? Take our quiz to find out. “Our traffic is better than it’s ever been,” Angie Drobnic Holan, editor in chief of the Pulitzer Prize-winning site PolitiFact.com, told The Christian Science Monitor in July. “Media organizations are doing fact-checking in part because it’s very popular with readers.” Test your knowledgeAre you smarter than a Fox News viewer? How about a CNN viewer? Take our quiz to find out. Photos of the Day Photos of the Weekend In June, the Associated Press deployed no fewer than a dozen fact-checkers during a speech by Donald Trump that attacked Hillary Clinton. And websites like PolitiFact have been mainstays in the effort to find the truth amid the campaign rhetoric. During debates against Mr. Trump, former Secretary of State Clinton has repeatedly urged viewers to do their own fact checking. PolitiFact’s scorecard finds that, of 292 Trump comments checked, 207 – or 70 percent – are less than "half true," with 17 percent receiving the harshest "Pants on Fire" rating. The organization has judged 270 Clinton statements, finding 27 percent less than "half true," and categorizing 6 (or 2 percent) as "Pants on Fire" falsehoods.  Not everyone agrees with media fact checking. Jeffrey Lord, a former aide to President Reagan who offers a pro-Trump angle on the presidential election for CNN, has described media fact-checking as “elitist” and “out-of-touch.” He says the candidates are the best fact-checkers for each other because ordinary people are most interested in what Clinton and Trump have to say. Others suggest that the truth of the candidates’ statements is less important to voters than the promise of action. “[Voters] don’t hear a pledge, they hear, ‘I’m going to do something,’ ” Kathleen Hall Jamieson, the director of the University of Pennsylvania’s Annenberg Public Policy Center, told the Monitor. The Annenberg Center sponsored a focus group that found that, though few Republicans expected Trump to actually build a wall on the Mexican border, for instance, they supported him because they wanted to see action – and believed he did, too. But for interested readers, the new tag will make it easier to find “fact-check” stories, if all goes according to plan. Websites can include content that alerts the Google algorithm to a “Fact Check” story. Eligible stories should contain the original claim, an assessment of the claim, and how that assessment was reached, Google says. Of course, having a category for “Fact Check” stories doesn’t make any given story more likely to be accurate. Google is only aggregating the content, not providing a guarantee of its trustworthiness. Fewer than 10 organizations used the ClaimReview schema at the time of writing, but this looks set to increase. The company is also taking feedback to help improve its algorithm and deliver content to readers. Richard Gingras, the head of news at Google, said he hopes the new label will boost the work of fact-checkers and help readers find that kind of analysis. “We’re excited to see the growth of the Fact Check Community and to shine a light on its efforts to divine fact from fiction, wisdom from spin,” he wrote in a Thursday blog post. Next up Are you smarter than a Fox News viewer? How about a CNN viewer? Take our quiz to find out. How BuzzFeed and Twitter are teaming up to transform Election Day coverage Why Americans' trust in the media is at an all-time low Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 How Americans are handling post-election hate GOP-controlled Congress will still need Democrats Cover Story Why climate change divides us The president is commander in chief? Yes, but it's complicated What Democrats can learn from Hillary's loss Popular Now Hillary Clinton widens lead in popular vote: Does it matter? First Look KKK rally planned: Can Trump and the GOP disown the Klan? First Look Dogs sniff out invasive species of mussel in Montana Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules? First Look How crisis hotlines are helping people cope with the election results   40 iPhone tips and tricks everyone should know   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Weekend Latest News Trump tweets dig at New York Times: Will he quit Twitter as president? Doing Good Difference Maker A Denver native brings the vast outdoors to at-risk youths Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Hardware Chromebooks: The smart person's guide This comprehensive guide covers everything you need to know about Google's Chromebooks and Chrome OS. By Brandon Vigliarolo | October 14, 2016, 9:48 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: Google With every passing iteration of technology more and more of the things we use most move to the cloud. Google knows this, and its G Suite allows users to create, edit, and store documents safely and securely online. Chrome, Google's market-dominating web browser, has also turned into an operating system that's unique to Chromebooks. These budget laptops running Chrome OS are cloud-powered bargains that can help everyone get work done for a fraction of the cost of a MacBook or Windows laptop. More about Mobility CIO Jury: 10 out of 12 tech leaders trust Samsung despite Galaxy Note7 failure IBM Watson is coming to the iPhone, and that's big news for business users Tech Pro Research: Social media policy Subscribe to TechRepublic's Mobile Enterprise newsletter TechRepublic's smart person's guide about Chromebooks is a quick introduction to these laptops, as well as a "living" guide that will be updated periodically as new models and features are released. SEE: Check out all of TechRepublic's smart person's guides. Executive summary What are they? Chromebooks are laptops powered by Google's Chrome OS, an operating system based on the Chrome browser. Chromebooks are very affordable and are built around G Suite, Google's online cloud services. Why do they matter? Cheap laptops running Chrome OS can be easily deployed to students or employees, allowing the machines to be very valuable to the enterprise world. Since most Chromebook work is done in the cloud they're a much lower security risk than typical laptops. Who do they affect? Chromebooks have the potential to affect anyone who relies on the cloud or web apps for most of their work. When are they happening? Chromebooks have been on the market since 2011, and in 2016 they surpassed sales of macOS devices. How do I take advantage of Chromebooks? Chromebooks can be purchased directly from Google and at stores like BestBuy; enterprise solutions are also available. What are Chromebooks? Chromebooks are any laptop that, under license from Google, runs the Linux kernel-based Chrome OS. Chrome OS is incredibly lightweight, drawing almost all of its interface from the Chrome browser. It also supports Chrome apps, and as of late 2016 will be the only platform to get new Chrome apps. Chromebooks are manufactured by a variety of vendors, such as Google, HP, Acer, Samsung, Dell, and others. They range in price from the mid $100 range to over $1,200 for the Google Pixel. Educational pricing is available as well. Android apps are slowly becoming available for Chromebooks too. As of this writing there are still only a few machines that have access to the Google Play store for Android, but the list continues to grow. Google plans to make Android apps available to all Chromebooks in the future, which will make them even more practical and useful. You can see the full list of Chromebooks that can run Android apps on the Chromium Projects site. Additional resources Chromebooks: Tips and tricks to make offline use practical (TechRepublic) 10 apps that make Chromebooks feel like a real desktop (TechRepublic) How to multitask with Google Keep in iOS, Android, and Chrome OS (TechRepublic) Why do Chromebooks matter? Chrome OS is incredibly lightweight, and so are the machines that run it. They can be updated easily, wiped with minimal effort, and are inexpensive enough to be easily replaceable. Schools and businesses are both making use of Chromebooks because of how low maintenance they are. Businesses that use G Suite can make even more use of Chromebooks: integration is simple and instant because users log in with the same Google account they use for work. As Chrome OS continues to evolve and become more practical for everyday use Chromebooks will matter more and more. They have the potential to be cloud-based thin client laptops, potentially disrupting portable computing as we know it. Additional resources 10 reasons why Chromebooks make good sense for business (TechRepublic) Will the enterprise help triple Chromebook sales by 2017? (ZDNet) Android and Chromebooks: A one-two punch for business (TechRepublic) Chromebooks are the new "it just works" platform (ZDNet) Who do Chromebooks affect? Chromebooks can affect anyone who uses a laptop and does a good portion of their work in the cloud. More and more businesses are turning to cloud hosting through systems like G Suite, meaning it doesn't matter what machine the work is being done on. Chromebooks also affect companies that make laptops and desktops. Chromebooks overtook MacBooks in total sales earlier this year, signaling a shift in computing priorities: the cloud is king and the machine is just a terminal. If computer manufacturers don't find a reason for consumers to buy their machines over cloud-centric Chromebooks the future might be bleak for their profit margins. Additional resources Chromebooks surpass Macs in U.S. sales for the first time (ZDNet) Why your next laptop should be a Chromebook (ZDNet) Turn an old PC or Mac into a 'Chromebook' (ZDNet) Chromebook + Android apps = Trouble for Windows PCs (ZDNet) When are Chromebooks happening? Chromebooks have been on the market since 2011, but it's just in the past few years that they've gained momentum. School districts and enterprises are adopting them rapidly, and new features make them even more enticing. The biggest feature coming to Chromebooks in the near future is the addition of Android apps, which will likely increase sales even further. Additional resources Dell brings the Chromebooks to the enterprise (TechRepublic) Make your Chromebook experience even more efficient with these tips (TechRepublic) The future of computing has a name: Chromebook (TechRepublic) How do I take advantage of Chromebooks? Chromebooks are meant for people who already make use of Google's suite of applications. While G Suite use isn't a prerequisite for owning a Chromebook it makes getting up and running much easier. Chromebooks can be purchased at retailers like BestBuy right now, or online directly from Google. Don't dive into a Chromebook before doing your research, though: the market is huge and features vary greatly. Google has a guide for finding the right Chromebook and it's worth going through to find the one that will work best for you. Additional resources Get the most out of your Chromebook battery (TechRepublic) Chromebooks in school: How to pick the best laptop for any student (ZDNet) Private school's Chromebook program explains why Google's laptops have captured nearly 20% of the educational market (TechRepublic) Best budget laptops of 2016 (CNET) Chromebook Laptops Reviews (CNET) Keep up on all the latest Google news of the week by subscribing to our newsletter. Subscribe Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Brandon Vigliarolo Brandon writes about apps and software for TechRepublic. He's an award-winning feature writer who previously worked as an IT professional and served as an MP in the US Army. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Brandon's content bviglia × Disclosure Brandon Vigliarolo has nothing to disclose. He does not hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Brandon writes about apps and software for TechRepublic. He's an award-winning feature writer who previously worked as an IT professional and served as an MP in the US Army. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research System monitoring policy Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Research: Automation and the future of IT jobs Interview questions: iOS developer Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Internet Google now fact checks news, expands AMP to all mobile search results Internet Google now fact checks news, expands AMP to all mobile search results By Bertila Helena - Google Search has just gotten two major new features with an eye on making itself more useful to people. The first concerns the company’s Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) project, while the second focuses on fact-checking the news. AMP basically loads pages faster than usual, with Google claiming websites which support the feature load in less than a second and consume 10 times less data than normal sites. Pages which support the tool sport a lightning bolt symbol in search results. AMP’s been around for about a year now and Google is highlighting that fact by expanding its reach beyond the news. It was initially restricted to the Top Stories section of Google Search. It can now support any link in the results page in various markets such as Europe and India. Also Read: Google Pixel, Pixel XL go up for pre-orders in India Google stresses that AMP doesn’t affect the answers users get for their queries. Some of the sites which are compatible with the tool are Zomato, eBay, Pinterest, Reddit, WordPress, and Aaj Tak. Publications like the Washington Post have apparently seen a 23% rise in mobile search consumers who return within 7 days and an 88% gain in load time for AMP content over regular mobile web. The second addition focuses on sniffing out the truth in reporting. Google is now rolling out a Fact Check tag in Google News. The platform already has several labels such as In-Depth and Opinion. The new one is meant to make it easier to suss out the facts in large news stories. Users will be able to see the tagged articles when they expand the story box in Google News’ desktop avatar. It’ll also be accessible in the Google News and Weather iOS and Android apps. The add-on will hit the US and UK first. TAGS AMP Google Google News Google Search SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleMassive 13.8-inch Nokia D1C tablet spotted on GFXBench Next articleStatus of Samsung Galaxy Note 7 in India Bertila Helena RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Google won’t build ad-blocking software into Chrome Mark Zuckerberg among others declared dead by Facebook YouTube rolls out new tools to fight comment trolls 246,418FansLike 13,716FollowersFollow 12,801SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Google won’t build ad-blocking software into Chrome Bertila Helena - Nov 12, 2016 0 iPhone 8 to sport 5.8-inch curved borderless display Bindu Nair - Nov 12, 2016 0 BlackBerry promises one last keyboard smartphone Bindu Nair - Nov 12, 2016 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology CyberSecurity Google FBI Google received over 44,000 government requests for user data in first half of 2016 In the UK Google received data requests for 3,302 users in first half of 2016. By Jason Murdock October 14, 2016 18:46 BST In the UK, Google received data requests for 3,302 users in the first six months of 2016Chris Jackson/Getty Images In its updated Transparency Report, Google has revealed it received a total of 44,943 government requests for user data in the first half of 2016, with the US, Germany, France, India and the UK the countries making the most applications overall. In the UK, Google received data requests for 3,302 users, with 71% of those resulting in account information being handed over. Meanwhile, in the US, which has consistently made the most requests since at least 2011, authorities sought data on just over 14,000 users. In the first six months of 2015, for comparison, Google received 35,365 requests in total – 9,578 less than the current statistic. Additionally, Google reported that 2016 was the first time it had ever received data requests from Algeria, Belarus, Cayman Islands, El Salvador, Fiji, and Saudi Arabia. "Globally, we received 44,943 government requests for information regarding 76,713 accounts during the first half of 2016," wrote Richard Salgado, company director of law enforcement and infosec in a blog post, adding the firm provided data "in response to 64% of those requests." He continued: As we have noted in the past, when we receive a request for user information, we review it carefully and only provide information within the scope and authority of the request. The privacy and security of the data that users store with Google is central to our approach. "Before producing data in response to a government request, we make sure it strictly follows the law, for example to compel us to disclose content in criminal cases we require the government use a search warrant, and that it complies with Google's strict policies." The transparency notice also revealed the FBI lifted a gag restriction on a National Security Letter (NSL) issued in the second half of 2015. As a result, Google updated these figures from the period – July to December 2015 – from 0-499 to 1-499. NSLs are compel notices that are served by the federal government in the US, usually the FBI. Until recently, the contents of these classified letters were unknown however that changed after a number of major tech firms – including Yahoo – published them online, albeit in a redacted format. According to Salgado, Google also saw an increase in the number of accounts covered by requests made under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), which is a Watergate-era law that – as explained by the ACLU – "establishes how the government can secretly eavesdrop on Americans in their own country in intelligence investigations." Read more on IBTimes UK Technology Google may launch two Android Wear powered smartwatches in early 2017 Google launches 'Fact Check' to show accuracy of news articles ahead of US elections Google dedicates doodle to Mary Seacole's contributions during Crimean War Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close What does the Uber tribunal ruling mean for the gig economy? Columnists Joe Glenton “Rethinking Remembrance: Why I'll be wearing a black poppy this year READ MORE WhatsApp enables two-step verification feature but in beta version Latest WhatsApp beta for Android adds ability to play audio messages in the background. Microsoft fixes Surface Pro 3 battery issue through new firmware update The System Firmware Update - 11/7/2016 is available to install from Windows Update. Samsung releases November Android security patches for Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge The update is seeding for unlocked devices in Europe. Hundreds of Uber drivers go without payment after 'banking glitch' Some drivers are unable to work because they cannot cover their fuel costs. BioWare reveals details on new Mass Effect Andromeda companion characters Liam and PeeBee Creative director Mac Walters sheds light on some of the sci-fi RPG's new characters' personalities. Signups for encrypted communication platform ProtonMail double after Trump victory People are flocking to use the encrypted mail service fearing increased surveillance by the state. UK video game deals: PS4 Pro, Xbox One bundles, Overwatch, Call of Duty and more Your round-up of the week's best gaming deals and discounts. WH Smith shuts website for hours to stop sales of manuals on bomb-making One of the terror manuals was reportedly purchased via a US source by Thomas Mair, the alleged murderer of late MP Jo... Unicode signs off on 51 new emojis including breastfeeding, a hijab and more Some of the multiple emojis shortlisted range from a zombie and vampire to a sandwich and an exploding head. Apple may launch 3 iPad models in 2017 including a bezel free variant The bezel free display could also mean the removal of the home button. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords Login Register My account Logout Facebook Twitter GooglePlus Newsletters Trump wins Results and reaction to new President Got a story, picture or video to share? Quizzes Videos Most read News Sections Latest News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health Top News Young woman who survived Bataclan massacre by playing dead returns one year on with her three week old baby Most Read in News Families flee New Zealand coast as tsunami waves sparked by 7.8-magnitude earthquake hit Christchurch New Zealand tsunami: Live updates as search and rescue operation begins after major 7.8-magnitude earthquake kills two No, Jeremy Corbyn wasn't dancing a jig on his way to the Cenotaph First aerial footage of New Zealand earthquake aftermath as daybreak reveals nightmare landscape of collapsed homes and landslides What is Donald Trump's IQ? Here's how the tycoon's boasts of his intelligence stack up Trending Today Donald Trump Jeremy Corbyn Andrew Marr Hillary Rodham Clinton Barack Obama Popular this week US Election Hillary Rodham Clinton Donald Trump Weather Remembrance Day Politics Football Sport Sections Latest Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Top Sport Andy Murray's former coach Jonas Bjorkman plots his downfall in first game as world No 1 at the O2 Most Read in Sport UFC 205 LIVE Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez with stunning second round TKO to win title Eddie Alvarez brands himself "stupid" after UFC 205 knockout defeat to Conor McGregor Conor McGregor lands $50,000 bonus after Eddie Alvarez knockout victory at UFC 205 5 strikers Liverpool could sign as Jurgen Klopp targets a new No.9 at Anfield Conor McGregor makes baby announcement after UFC 205 as girlfriend Dee Devlin is pregnant with first child Watch the moment Conor McGregor knocked out Eddie Alvarez to make history at UFC 205 Popular this week Conor McGregor UFC 205 Lewis Hamilton Jose Mourinho Trending Today Conor McGregor Eddie Alvarez Lewis Hamilton Stephen Thompson Jose Mourinho Celebs Sections Latest Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb News Top Celebs Jesy Nelson is NOT wearing her engagement ring as Little Mix perform in Australia Most Read in Celebs Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at trolls over her weight and finally sets wedding date to marry Dan Osborne Donald Trump's wife Melania naked shoot for GQ Magazine as girl-on-girl photos are exposed Who is Joel Dommett? All you need to know about the I'm A Celebrity 2016 contestant I'm A Celebrity's Lisa Snowdon's wild affair with married England ace laid bare Trending Today Aaron Sidwell Lisa Snowdon Donald Trump George Clooney Joel Dommett Popular this week Michael Buble Leonard Cohen Cheryl Fernandez-Versini Honey G TV & Film Weird News Trending iPhone SE Apple Google Facebook WhatsApp Video Games Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Home Technology Smartphones Your Account Edit Profile Logout Google Pixel vs OnePlus 3: Which is the best Android phone to buy in 2016? 15:44, 21 Oct 2016 Updated 15:45, 21 Oct 2016 By Jeff Parsons It's a case of features against price as two of the most exciting Android phones this year go head-to-head   Share   Comments Get daily news by email When it comes to the most exciting Android phones of 2016, the likes of Samsung, LG and HTC have been left well behind. The battle comes down to Google, the brains behind Android itself and OnePlus, the tiny Chinese brand that has won itself a legion of fans. Google's Pixel phone is days away from launching in the UK and it threatens to blow all the competition out of the water in terms of specs and features. But there's no getting around the fact that Google's creation costs a tonne. As much as Apple's iPhone 7, in fact. Read More Google Pixel and Pixel XL: UK release date, price, specs and features Getty Images Members of the media examine Google's Pixel phone during an event to introduce Google hardware products Read More Google Pixel goes on UK sale TODAY - Best UK deals The OnePlus 3 , by contrast, offers similar levels of performance for a fraction of the price. Which is why we've lined up the two phones side-by-side to see which one is more worthy of your money. Read More Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes on Apple? Price It's a clear winner for the OnePlus in this category. The 2016 OnePlus 3 model is almost half the price of the premium Pixel phones. The Pixel phones cost £599 for the 32GB model and £699 for the 128GB version. That's if you're going for the 5-inch model. The 5.5-inch Pixel XL is £719 for the 32GB model and £819 for the 128GB one. Read More How much will the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones cost? Best UK deals and where to find them AP Photo/Eric Risberg The new Google Pixel phone is displayed following a product event The OnePlus 3 only comes with a 5.5-inch display and costs £329. That price has gone up thanks to Brexit , but it still makes it a lot more affordable than Google's gadget. Features On paper, Google's Pixel leads the way here. It's got the latest version of Android and is effectively a channel for Google's ever-improving software. The Google Assistant is the voice-controlled digital helper tucked away inside the Pixel while Google Daydream is the company's latest stab at VR. Google's also throwing in a few sweeteners like unlimited storage on Google Photos to help convince you. But when we're talking about pure specs, OnePlus is capable of holding its own. The OnePlus 3 has 6GB of RAM compared to Pixel's 4GB and a 16MP camera compared to Pixel's 12MP. Read More Google Pixel: How much space do you REALLY get on the new 32GB smartphone? Video loading Watch next Watch this video again Watch Next Click to play Tap to play The Live Event you are trying to watch is either unavailable or has not started Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video However, buying a phone on specs alone is rather pointless in 2016, since most of the top-tier phones all have decent components, regardless of who has the highest number. If you're judging on which phone has the best extras, the Pixel takes the prize. Google Pixel launch Google Pixel Review Pixel and Pixel XL specs, price, rumours How much do Google Pixel phones cost? Google Pixel on UK sale Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus How much storage on Google Pixel phone? Google Pixel vs OnePlus 3 Google Pixel latest news 1 of 8 Camera We haven't been able to test the Pixel's camera fully yet - so it remains a bit of an unknown quantity at this point. But Google has made a point of saying that, unlike the iPhone 7, there is "no unsightly camera bump" on the back of the Pixel. The Pixel has a 12.3-megapixel camera, featuring an f/2.0 aperture and big 1.55 micron pixels to capture lots of light. While those specs may not sound all that impressive on paper, the Pixel's camera has been given a score of 89 by DxOMark - the industry standard for camera and lens image quality - making it the highest-rated smartphone camera ever tested. The camera app offers a number of clever features like "Smartburst", which takes a rapid-fire sequence of shots and automatically selects the best ones, and "Lens Blur" to achieve shallow depth of field and bokeh effects. Read More How to buy the OnePlus 3 in the UK as O2 reveals plans to stock device The OnePlus 3 OnePlus meanwhile has packed its camera full of features like white balance, shutter speed, ISO and high-dynamic range. There's also optical image stabilisation and the option to support RAW image files for editing on professional software suites. The rear camera uses a 16-megapixel sensor from Sony that's capable of processing 4K video if needed. Here’s an example of a picture taken on a bright day with the OnePlus 3 with HDR disengaged. Conclusion The happy truth is that you're not going to go wrong with either of these phones. Google's Pixel probably just edges it out for us - it's a glimpse at the future of Android and offers a range of features that you just won't get on other smartphones. However, when it comes to balancing the budget, the OnePlus 3 still offers the best deal around. So if you can't afford the Google Pixel, it's a very worthy runner up. If you need more information, you can find our hands-on review of the Google Pixel right here and our full review of the OnePlus 3 right here . Poll loading … DailyMirror Comments Show more comments Recently Published Google Pixel review: The iPhone 7 rival is one of the best Android smartphones of 2016 The first phone from the Google showcases the very best of its Android operating system wrapped up in a well-designed package Google Pixel phone stripped down by tech experts - see what's inside the Android smartphone Google Pixel and Pixel XL: UK release date, price, specs and features of Google's new Android smartphones Previous Articles Google Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus - which smartphone will win when Google takes on Apple? Buying a new phone in 2016 means choosing between Android and iOS - but which tech company makes the better phone? iPhone 7 vs iPhone 6s specs: Which of Apple's smartphones should you buy? Related Tags Products Pixel Android See Also Smartphones Organisations Samsung Inc. OnePlus Google Recommended in Technology Video Games PlayStation 4 Pro review: Sony's mid-generation upgrade is a gaming powerhouse Video Games World of Warcraft producers share some advice for aspiring video game makers Mobile phones Using your mobile phone in public is making your walk become VERY silly - here's how Remembrance Day How to add a Remembrance Poppy to your Facebook or Twitter profile picture Black Friday Best Apple Black Friday 2016 deals: How to save on iPhones, MacBooks, iPads and more in the sales Nintendo Nintendo Mini NES Classic Edition: Release date, price, games and how to pre-order Mario's nostalgic new console OnePlus OnePlus '3T' rumours suggest powerful new version of the 'flagship killer' smartphone on the way Samsung Galaxy Samsung Galaxy S8: UK price, release date, specs and rumours about 2017's first big smartphone launch Oculus Rift Oculus Rift gets CHEAPER thanks to lower PC requirements - but can it compete with PlayStation VR? emoji Hijab emoji coming to iPhones next year in victory for Muslim teenager Most Read in Technology Nintendo Nintendo Mini NES Classic Edition: Release date, price, games and how to pre-order Mario's nostalgic new console Video Games World of Warcraft producers share some advice for aspiring video game makers iPhone rumours iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone OnePlus OnePlus '3T' rumours suggest powerful new version of the 'flagship killer' smartphone on the way Samsung Galaxy Samsung Galaxy S8: UK price, release date, specs and rumours about 2017's first big smartphone launch Recommended on the Mirror Earthquake New Zealand earthquake: Second tremor hits with magnitude of 6.8 just hours after deadly quake kills two Andy Murray Andy Murray's former coach Jonas Bjorkman plots his downfall in first game as world No 1 at the O2 Edwina Currie in I'm A Celebrity 2014 Wayne Bridge impresses Gary Lineker with his counting skills while skydiving on I'm A Celebrity opener Donald Trump Donald Trump 'will be paid just $1 to be President' he reveals in 60 minutes interview Supermoon Supermoon 2016: Once in a lifetime sight to be brightest in almost 70 years tonight Richie McCaw All Blacks legend Richie McCaw is real life hero as he joins deadly New Zealand earthquake rescue team Donald Trump The way we beat the demagogues spouting prejudice is by selling a better alternative NHS Secret NHS plans to shut down hospitals as managers told to keep closures quiet Donald Trump Donald Trump on 60 minutes: 12 key moments from president elect's first TV interview Transfer gossip round-up Harry Kane and Tottenham in contract talk stand-off? Transfer news and gossip from Monday's papers Like us on Facebook The Mirror   View: Desktop Mobile BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business Find a garage About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Archive Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror News UK News Politics World news Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Technology Play Bingo Casino Crosswords Competitions Dating Goal Time Poker UsVsTh3m Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Tennis Rugby League Rugby Union Cricket Golf Horse racing Other Sports Fantasy Football TV TV News TV Previews TV Reviews Celebs Celebrity News US gossip Fashion & Beauty TV & film news Weird celeb news Money City News Personal finance Jobs Quids In Loans Opinion News Opinion Sport Opinion 3am Opinion Lifestyle Opinion Lifestyle Health Horoscopes Psychic Staying in Going out Reader Offers Sex & Relationships Dieting Cartoons Family Gardening Travel Motoring © MGN Limited
Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Videos About en de es fr it nl pt The VICE Channels Share Tweet Motherboard Motherboard Watch Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Latest Videos Documentaries Interviews Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Follow Motherboard Newsletter Image: Flickr/Gage Skidmore Scientists Invented a Tool to Expose 4chan’s Racist Trolling Campaigns Written by Jordan Pearson Staff Writer (Canada) October 14, 2016 // 01:16 PM EST Copy This URL Social media has played an outsize role in the 2016 election, with Donald Trump’s supporters using formerly respectable internet memes like Pepe the Frog to spread a racist message. Sometimes, these memes come from dark money-backed content factories funded by tech moguls (looking at you, Palmer Luckey). But more often than not, like Pepe, they come from 4chan. To the uninitiated, 4chan can best be described as a bulging cyst on the ass of the internet. It’s often recognized as a bastion of the alt-right, the main faction boosting Trump’s candidacy online. Trolls from 4chan sometimes orchestrate ugly and racist posting campaigns on the wider web and attract media attention as a result, leaving experts and tech companies wondering how to stem the online tide of politically-motivated hate. Instead of trying to filter keywords used by racists, which are always changing, researchers want to block the source: 4chan. Read More: The Alt-Right Was Conjured Out of Pearl Clutching and Media Attention A team of researchers funded by the European Union’s ENCASE project, which seeks to improve social networks, have completed a large study of user activity on 4chan’s “Politically Incorrect” board, /pol/, and invented a mechanism to detect if trolls from that site are invading other social media sites to spread hate as part of a targeted campaign. “One way to look at countermeasures to hate speech, for Google or for Twitter, is to look at activities on 4chan. Because we do find evidence that some of the hate speech is coming from 4chan,” Emiliano De Cristofaro, a computer scientist at University College London and one of the authors of the study, told me in an interview. One of the goals of the EU’s ENCASE program is to invent browser add-ons for users and server-side software for companies in order to enhance security and privacy on social networks. "It’s much more effective to look at groups and where the content’s coming from, instead of keywords" In the study, which hasn’t been peer-reviewed, the researchers scraped 4chan between June and September, amassing a corpus of eight million posts and over 200,000 threads. Analyzing these, the team was able to correlate upticks in hate speech in the comments of certain YouTube videos to the time the link was posted in a thread on /pol/. The team also looked at Twitter’s firehose of tweets to see if a particular hashtag was being co-opted by 4chan trolls. De Cristofaro and his colleagues used this approach to analyze the effect of “Operation Google,” a campaign launched on /pol/ that asked participants to replace common racial slurs with the names of Google products and other code words. The goal was to get around Google’s algorithmic hate speech filtering. According to the researchers’ study, the trolls’ campaign managed to infiltrate YouTube, but was otherwise largely confined to 4chan itself. “When filtering out hate speech automatically, it’s much more effective to look at groups and where the content’s coming from, instead of keywords,” said De Cristofaro on Operation Google. “The keyword approach can be evaded by switching the terms or using code-words.” There’s something to be said for just ignoring 4chan, /pol/, the alt-right, and trolls altogether. While these groups may have a loud voice online, their champion—Trump—is slipping in the polls regardless as gaffe after gaffe continue to convince much of the public that, amazingly, he’s exactly as bad as he seems upon first inspection. As troll scholar Whitney Phillips noted in a recent essay for Motherboard, media attention (admittedly, just like this article) is the lifeblood of the movement. But their hate does spread beyond the online world where it proliferates. It’s worth mentioning, for instance, that the most popular sites shared on /pol/ besides YouTube and Wikipedia, according to De Cristofaro and his colleagues’ study, were the less-than-reputable right wing “news” outlet Breitbart, and Donald Trump’s own website. A recent Washington Post profile on a mentally ill Trump supporter illustrated how the half-truths and toxic attitudes that ooze from such sites often buoy pro-Trump sentiment. “The alt-right is using 4chan as a source for information,” DeCristofaro said. “Whether you like it or not, 4chan is very popular and has a lot of influence.” Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter. Topics: alt-right, 4chan, trolls, trump, research, election, Pepe, pepe the frog, memes, meme, Campaign, troll, /pol/, politically incorrect, news Contact the author by email or Twitter. You can reach us at letters@motherboard.tv. Letters may be published. Want to see other people talking about Motherboard? Check out our letters to the editor. Recommended Letters to the Editor: AAA Game Crunch and Conjuring the Alt-Right The Alt-Right Was Conjured Out of Pearl Clutching and Media Attention What Does Alt-Right Patron Palmer Luckey Believe? The Forums With Only One User The Hell Of Not Being Able to Leave the Internet, As Captured By Werner Herzog YouTube’s Trolls Are Crying Censorship Over Cyberbullying Rules Follow Us Everywhere Most Popular What a Trump Presidency Means For Science After 20 Minutes of Listening, New Adobe Tool Can Make You Say Anything Vancouver Considers Abandoning Parts of the Coast Because of Climate Change How We Plan to Cover the Environment In a Trump Presidency The Canadian Military Is Investigating a Mysterious Noise In the Arctic Why Some Apple Fans Are Considering a Hackintosh © 2016 Vice Media LLC About Motherboard About Motherboard Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The most popular Google searches for Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton speak volumes Ben Gilbert Oct. 14, 2016, 1:11 PM 32,188 facebook linkedin twitter email print Amid the political pundits, pollsters, and stump speeches, it's easy to get lost this election season. So much noise! And in times like this, Americans often turn to an emotionless medium for their political questions: Google. It's there that you'll find some of the most revealing questions Americans have about the US's two major-party presidential nominees. For those interested in what those questions are, Google has a service called Google Trends. If you're looking for what people are searching on Google, Trends is the place to explore as much. Paula Jones, Kathleen Willey, Juanita Broaddrick, and Kathy Shelton at the presidential town-hall debate on Sunday night in St. Louis. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson Given that we're just a few short weeks away from the November 8 presidential election, Google Trends has been cataloging what people are searching for on each candidate on a day-to-day basis. And what they're searching for speaks volumes. Here's a look at what people are searching for most when it comes to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump in the past day: The chart on the left measures the past week, while the one on the right is just the past 24 hours. Google Based on those questions, it's clear that both Trump supporters and nonsupporters alike are looking for information on Trump's campaign. Most tellingly, based on the chart to the left, people are looking up what Trump said most recently instead of his main policy tentpoles: building a wall along the US/Mexico border, defeating ISIS, and strengthening the economy. Things get even more revealing when you look at general searches related to Trump's campaign: Google The top two results are Natasha Stoynoff and Jessica Leeds — two of the women who this week accused Trump of sexual assault. It's not surprising that their names are the top-trending searches related to Trump's campaign, given that the sexual-assault allegations leveled at Trump are dominating news coverage of his campaign. He has repeatedly brought up the allegations himself in stump speeches since accusers came forward in several articles published this week. Looking at the same trend charts for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton offers a look into a campaign that's seemingly more in control of its messaging: Google First lady Michelle Obama, a surrogate for Clinton's campaign, was a popular search query after her speech on Thursday went viral. Another thing that went viral, however, was the second-highest result: Clinton's Wikipedia page was replaced with porn earlier this week (it's been fixed). More interesting in Clinton's case is the type of questions people are asking on Google: Google Unlike the questions people are asking Google about Trump, the questions people are asking about Clinton have more to do with her as a person than her faults. The chart to the right suggests the most notable negatives attached to Clinton are storylines involving the attack on the American embassy in Libya ("Benghazi"), the private email server she used while serving as secretary of state ("emails"), and her family's charity ("Clinton Foundation"). Yet, outside the least searched question, it looks as if few people are turning to Google to ask questions critical of Clinton. Instead, they're wondering whether Fox News host Megyn Kelly is voting for Clinton or Trump. SEE ALSO: Ben Carson blows up over Trump accusers, says it 'doesn't matter' if billionaire sexually assaulted women NOW WATCH: 'This is not something that we can ignore': Michelle Obama slams Trump over sexual assault claims Loading video... More: Elections Hillary Clinton Donald J. Trump Donald Trump united states Politics U.S. Google Google Trends facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The most popular Google searches for Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton speak volumes The most popular Google searches for Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton speak volumes Amid the political pundits, pollsters, and... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
CircleID Login  |  Sign Up Follow on:   Twitter  |  Facebook  |  LinkedIn  WARNING: JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. You may encounter problems using various features on CircleID.  Home Topics Access Providers Broadband Censorship Cloud Computing Cyberattack Cybercrime Cybersquatting Data Center DDoS DNS DNS Security Domain Names Email Enum ICANN Intellectual Property Internet Governance Internet of Things Internet Protocol IP Addressing IPTV IPv6 Law Malware Mobile Multilinguism Net Neutrality P2P Policy & Regulation Privacy Regional Registries Registry Services Security Spam Telecom Top-Level Domains VoIP Web White Space Whois Wireless Display Options: List by Popularity Chart by Popularity Blogs Latest Recently Discussed Most Discussed Most Viewed News Latest Recently Discussed Most Discussed Most Viewed Community Recently Featured Most Featured Most Active Most Read Recent Members Top 100 Leaderboard Alphabetical View Random View Recent Comments Industry Latest Posts Most Viewed Leaderboard CircleID Members: Afilias Afilias Mobile & Web Services ARI Registry Services Boston Ivy Cloud Registry Dot Chinese Online & Dot Chinese Website Dyn Inc. i2Coalition LogicBoxes MarkMonitor Port25 Radix Registry Verisign Zodiac Registry Home / News I have a News Tip Google and Facebook Join Forces to Directly Connect Los Angeles to Hong Kong via Undersea Cable Oct 14, 2016 8:54 AM PST Comments: 0 Views: 2,168 Print Comment By CircleID Reporter Facebook, Google, PLDC and TE SubCom to Co-Build the PLCN Submarine Cable Network: TE SubCom, leading provider of undersea communications technology and marine services, along with Facebook, Google, and PLDC (Pacific Light Data Communication Co. Ltd.), have announced that they will co-build the Pacific Light Cable Network (PLCN), a 12,800 km transpacific submarine cable system that will provide the first direct undersea route between Hong Kong and Los Angeles, California (USA) with ultra-high capacity transmission. — Brian Quigley, Director, Google Networking Infrastructure: The Pacific Light Cable Network (PLCN) will have an estimated cable capacity of 120 Tbps, making it the highest-capacity trans-Pacific route, a record currently held by another Google-backed cable system, FASTER. "In other words, PLCN will provide enough capacity for Hong Kong to have 80 million concurrent HD video conference calls with Los Angeles - an example of Google Cloud Platform having the largest network backbone of any public cloud provider." — This is the sixth submarine cable in which Google has an ownership stake - joining the ranks of the Unity, SJC, FASTER, MONET and Tannat projects. We anticipate that PLCN will be operational in 2018. — PLCN is scheduled for commercial launch in summer of 2018. Related topics: Access Providers, Broadband       Tweet Twitter/circleid Facebook/circleid Master Feed (more) Mobile Edition WEEKLY WRAP — Get CircleID's Weekly Summary Report by Email: Print Comment Comments To post comments, please login or create an account. Related Blogs Google and the Future of FttH Nov 09, 2016 Comments: 0 What Steps Can Africans Take and Lead in Internet Governance and Social Justice? Nov 08, 2016 Comments: 0 The Effects of the Forthcoming FCC Privacy Rules on Internet Security Nov 01, 2016 Comments: 0 Intentional Disruptions to Internet Access Cost Countries $2.4 Billion Last Year Oct 27, 2016 Comments: 0 Building a Base of Knowledge for Advocacy Abroad in the Digital Age Oct 20, 2016 Comments: 0 View More Related News FCC Approves New Privacy Rules Restricting Data Collection by Broadband Providers Oct 27, 2016 Comments: 0 Google Fiber Pauses Operations Until Further Notice Oct 26, 2016 Comments: 0 U.S. Senator Inquiring Into Friday's Crippling Cyberattack Oct 25, 2016 Comments: 0 Syria's Undersea Cable Repairs Will Take Down 60% of Nation's Internet for Close to 10 days Oct 18, 2016 Comments: 0 WikiLeaks: Ecuador Has Cut Off Assange's Internet Access Oct 17, 2016 Comments: 0 View More Explore Topics Access Providers IPv6 Broadband Law Censorship Malware Cloud Computing Mobile Cyberattack Multilinguism Cybercrime Net Neutrality Cybersquatting P2P Data Center Policy & Regulation DNS Privacy DNS Security Regional Registries Domain Names Registry Services Email Security Enum Spam ICANN Telecom Intellectual Property Top-Level Domains Internet Governance VoIP Internet of Things Web Internet Protocol White Space IP Addressing Whois IPTV Wireless View More Industry Updates – Sponsored Posts Ofcom Benchmarking UK Broadband Performance Welcomed, But Needs Considerable Improvement By Afilias - Mobile & Web Services Views: 17,606 DotConnectAfrica Attends Transform Africa 2013 Summit in Rwanda By DotConnectAfrica Views: 9,006 Dyn Research: CDN Adoption Across Our Customer Base By Dyn Views: 9,085 Neustar Chief Technology Officer Appointed to FCC's Technological Advisory Council By Neustar Views: 10,785 Neustar Expands Professional Services Offerings for Communications Service Providers By Neustar Views: 7,414 Reducing the Risks of BYOD with Nominum's Security Solution By Nominum Views: 11,684 Nominum and IBM Partner Around Big Data By Nominum Views: 9,489 Virgin Media Selects Nominum to Support London Underground WiFi Roll-out By Nominum Views: 9,298 Neustar Labs Innovation Center Grand Opening (Video) By Neustar Views: 11,127 How Secure is Your Mobile Network? And Does It Even Matter? (Webinar) By Nominum Views: 9,991 Nominum Survey of World's Leading ISPs Shows Nearly 60% of ISPs Plan to Roll-Out IPv6 by End of 2012 By Nominum Views: 12,902 Nominum Launches Comprehensive Suite of DNS-Based Security Solutions for Russian Service Providers By Nominum Views: 13,893 Nominum Sets New Record for Network Speed and Efficiency By Nominum Views: 12,566 Implementing a Cyber-Security Code of Conduct: Real-Life Lessons From Australia (Webinar) By Nominum Views: 14,841 Neustar and University of Illinois Launch the Neustar Innovation Center By Neustar Views: 9,226 Australian ISP iiNet selects ARI Registry Services to Help It Apply for and Operate .iinet TLD By ARI Registry Services Views: 9,679 Nominum Launches World's First Purpose-Built Suite of DNS‐Based Solutions for Mobile Operators By Nominum Views: 10,730 Breaking the DNS: Another Look at How SOPA Could Be Destructive By Dyn Views: 9,974 72 Confirmed Talks - If You're Attending, Now is the Time to Register By eComm Views: 13,263 eComm 2009: Discussions on Restructuring Global Telecoms By eComm Views: 14,016 View More Sponsored Topics DNS Security Sponsored by Afilias Mobile Sponsored by Afilias - Mobile & Web Services Security Sponsored by Verisign Email Sponsored by Port25 View All Topics A world-renowned source for Internet Developments. Serving since 2002. Stay connected: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Managed Hosting by Hostway Web Performance & Web Speed by Dyn Sections:   Home  |  Topics  |  Featured Blogs  |  News Briefs  |  Industry Updates  |  Community About CircleID  |  Advertising Programs  |  Contact Us  |  News Tips     Policies:   Codes of Conduct  |  Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use Copyright © 2002-2016 CircleID.  Iomemo Inc.  All rights reserved unless where otherwise noted. Local Time: Sunday, November 13, 2016 07:02 PM PST – Page Load: 0.3439 Sec.
Navigate Home Windows iPhone Android Windows 10 Web Applications Others Security Software Antivirus Software Firewall Malware and Spyware Password Manager PC Utilities Office Suites Desktop Enhancement File Converters Free Registry Cleaner Media Utilities Media Players Music Software Image & Photo Editors CD/DVD Burners Internet Tools Download Managers Email Clients Network Tools Plugins Facebook Twitter RSS Search Disable Chrome Tabs, Open Links in New Window in Chrome 0 By Salman Khan on October 11, 2016 Tutorial Editor Ratings: User Ratings: [Total: 0    Average: 0/5] This tutorial explains how to disable Chrome tabs to open links in new Chrome window. At the end of this tutorial, you’ll be able to completely disable tabs on Google Chrome such that all the URLs will open up in a new window and not tab. If you’re a Google Chrome user, then you might have noticed that wherever you click on any URL, it will either open up in the same tab or in a new tab. Google Chrome doesn’t have any native option to disable tabs to open links in new window, but there is a way using which you can do the same. So, today in this tutorial, I will explain how to disable Chrome tabs to open links in a new window in Chrome. Actually, there is a free Chrome extension called “New Tab, New Window” which you can use to disable tabs in Chrome. It actually forces Chrome to open all the URLs in a new window (Chrome instance) instead of opening them in new tabs. In addition to that, if you would like to open links from external programs such as MS Word, PDF readers, etc. in a new Chrome window, then there is another simple registry hack which can do the job for you. Sponsored Links If you’re looking for a way to forcefully open all the links in the same tab in Chrome, then you can check out our post on How to Force URLs to open in the same tab in Chrome, IE, Firefox. How to Disable Chrome Tabs to Open Links in New Window in Chrome: The process of disabling Chrome tabs using the “New Tab, New Window” extension is very simple, as all you got to do is install the extension and you’re done. Step 1: First, simply install the Chrome extension “New Tab, New Window” on your browser. After installing the extension, it will automatically disable Chrome tabs and all the links will open up in a new window in Chrome instead of a new tab. For example, let’s say you’re reading an article and you found a link to another article which you want to open in a new window. Then the possible option for that is to right-click on it and then choose “Open in New Window” from the context menu. But, if you’ve installed this extension, then you don’t need to do that as you can simply click on the link and it will directly open up in a new Chrome window. Step 2: No manual configuration is required to disable Chrome tabs after installing the extension. However, you can change the position of the new window either as default (cascade) or same as the parent window. For this, simply right-click on the extension icon and select “Options”. After that, a new popup will appear where you can choose the position of the new window, as shown below. How to Always Open URLs from External Programs in New Chrome Window: Step 1: To get started, the first thing you need to do is press “Windows Key + R” to open “Run” prompt and then type “regedit” in the input field. After that hit Enter and it will open up the registry editor. Step 2: Now, you need to navigate to the following registry key location in the registry editor: "HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\ChromeHTML\shell\open\command" Step 3: After you navigate to this key location, you’ll see a key value named “Default” on the right panel. Double-click on the key value to open up the string editor. In the “Value Data” field, you will be able to see a long string ending with -- "%1". Step 4: Now, you need to replace -- "%1" with --new-window "%1" at the end of the “Value Data” string. As soon as you do that, click “OK” and close the registry editor. After that, whenever you click on a link in any external program like MS Word, PDF Viewer, Powerpoint, etc., it will always open up in a new Chrome window instead of in new tab. My Final Verdict: If you’re looking for a way to disable tabbed browsing in Chrome such that you can open up links in new windows in Chrome, then this tutorial is definitely for you. In this tutorial, I was able to completely disable Chrome tabs using the “New Tab, New Window” extension to open links in new window. I was also able to open links from external programs in new windows with the help of a simple registry hack. Get “New Tab, New Window” from here. Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn more Pinterest Tumblr Email Editor Ratings: User Ratings: [Total: 0    Average: 0/5] Home Page URL: Click Here Works With: Google Chrome Free/Paid: Free Tags: chrome extension Previous Article4 Free Web Sites To Create Videos From Facebook Photos Next Article How To Refresh Cache Of Multiple Browsers With A Single Hotkey Related Posts How To Convert KML to CSV How To Export Vine To Giphy How To Batch Unfollow Facebook Friends Salman Khan A tech enthusiast and loves to write reviews about software, websites, and mobile applications. Posts By Salman October 31, 2016 Chrome Extension to Preview Docs, Videos, Music Before Download October 31, 2016 5 Free Comic Book Reader Apps for iPhone October 30, 2016 How to Center Align Clock in Android Status Bar Without Root 14K likes 2568 followers 16098 subscribers Featured Posts November 12, 2016 Free Mega Desktop Clients to Download and Upload Files to MEGA November 11, 2016 5 Free Android Apps To View Android System Info November 5, 2016 5 Image Rotate Software For Windows 10 November 5, 2016 3 Free Word Counter Firefox Add Ons November 4, 2016 3 Chrome Extensions To Show Estimated Read Time Of Articles Recent Posts November 13, 2016 Free WebSite To Create Beats Online: Beatlab November 13, 2016 Windows 10 Mystery Game App: Graven November 12, 2016 Windows 10 Role Playing Game App to Play and Take Care of Pets November 12, 2016 Create Your Own Google Maps Treasure Hunt Game November 12, 2016 Free Mega Desktop Clients to Download and Upload Files to MEGA Windows Free Mega Desktop Clients to Download and Upload Files to MEGA How To Convert KML to CSV Free Software to Create PDF from Markdown, with Live Preview iOS & Android 5 Free Comic Book Reader Apps for iPhone Maths Learning iPhone App with Equation Solver, Calculator iPhone Chat App to Create Public and Private Chat Rooms Web Apps Free WebSite To Create Beats Online: Beatlab Create Your Own Google Maps Treasure Hunt Game How To Export Vine To Giphy About Us | Write for Us | Submit Software | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Disclosure | Advertise With Us Copyright © 2015 I Love Free Software. Powered by WordPress
null
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SurfaceBook ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Internet/ Google News to Highlight Fact-Checked Stories Google News to Highlight Fact-Checked Stories By Stephanie Mlot October 14, 2016 09:38am EST 10 Comments While you'd like to think that all news is fact-checked, Google News will now highlight sources designed to do just that. Just in time for the US presidential election, Google is rolling out a "fact check" tag to its News service. Google News aggregates stories from various sources (including PCMag), identifying them via labels like "highly cited," "featured," "opinion," "in depth," and now, "fact check." Fact checking, once a job that was relegated to interns and entry-level reporters, "has come into its own," Google News head Richard Gingras wrote in blog post. "Rigorous fact checks are now conducted by more than 100 active sites," he said, citing the Duke University Reporter's Lab. "They collectively product many thousands of fact-checks a year, examining claims around urban legends, politics, health, and the media itself." Google's algorithms will determine which articles may contain fact checks using the schema.org ClaimReview system; it also looks for sites that follow commonly accepted criteria for fact checks. Publishers interested in applying to have their service included can find more details online. News junkies in the US and UK will see new tagged reports in the expanded story box on the Web and in the Google News & Weather iOS and Android apps. "We're excited to see the growth of the Fact Check community and to shine a light on its efforts to divine fact from fiction, wisdom from spin," Gingras said. //Related Articles Facebook, Twitter to Tackle Fake News Google began labeling types of articles seven years ago, making it easier for readers to access a range of content. Earlier this year, it added a "Local Source" tag to highlight local coverage of major topics. The news comes as Facebook is grappling with a spate of fake news in its trending section. Amidst concern that its trending news team was surfacing only liberal news, Facebook ditched human curators for algorithms. But its algorithms are apparently rather gullible. Facebook later joined an organization dedicated to tackling misinformation online, alongside Twitter and more than two dozen other tech and media titans. In other Google search news, Search Engine Land reports reports that Google will soon favor its mobile search index over desktop. "Google is going to create a separate mobile index within months, one that will be the main or 'primary' index that the search engine uses to respond to queries," the blog says. The desktop index will remain but won't be updated as often as the mobile one. Back to top Previous : Google, Facebook to Build Fastest Transpacific Cable White House Open Sources Facebook Bot Next : By Stephanie Mlot Stephanie began as a PCMag reporter in May 2012. She moved to New York City from Frederick, Md., where she worked for four years as a multimedia reporter at the second-largest daily newspaper in Maryland. She interned at Baltimore magazine and graduated from Indiana University of Pennsylvania (in the town of Indiana, in the state of Pennsylvania) with a degree in journalism and mass communications. More » More Stories by Stephanie Nab an NES Classic Edition on eBay...for $10,000 Or, you know, maybe just wait until the $60 mini console is back in stock. More » Facebook to Stop Allowing Advertisers to Target by Race The social network announced new tools to detect and automatically disable ethnic affinity marketing... More » Proposed Emoji Includes 'Face With Open Mouth Vomiting' New faces, foods, animals, people (real and fictional), and articles of clothing could make it into ... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SurfaceBook ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Social Networking/ Stream Facebook Live Videos to Your TV Stream Facebook Live Videos to Your TV By Stephanie Mlot October 14, 2016 10:15am EST 10 Comments View content from the social network on a TV via Apple TV and Google Chromecast. Facebook Live is no longer relegated to the social network's app. Web and iOS users can now stream content from Facebook to their television set through devices like Apple TV or Google Chromecast; it's coming soon to Android. "We're focused on creating video experiences that people want, and we've heard that people want different options for how and where they watch videos that they discover on Facebook," product director Brent Ayrey wrote in an announcement. So, gather some friends and snacks, search your phone or desktop for an interesting video, and press the TV symbol in the top-right corner to select a streaming device (any AirPlay- or Google Cast-enabled gadget). Then kick back and watch the latest Rogue One trailer on the boob tube. While you watch, you can continue scrolling through your Facebook News Feed. You'll see real-time reactions and comments to the video you're watching on the TV screen. If you're looking for something to watch, be sure to check out PCMag's Random Access, live from PC Labs every week day at 10 a.m. ET (today's episode is embedded below) and the mobile-focused Dialed In, every Tuesday at 3 p.m. ET. //Related Articles Prepare For an All-Video Facebook Feed Video has exploded on Facebook in the last year or so (allegedly). And the social network dove head-first into it with the December launch of Live Video, which allows users to broadcast clips to the social network in real time. The company in April beefed up the service by adding the ability to go live in Facebook groups and events, add filters, and post varied reactions as a viewer. You can also now skip ahead to the good parts of recorded videos and live stream for up to four hours. Random Access: GoPro Hero5 Black and Hero5 Session cameras, fake Facebook news, Verizon Pop Data, Internet of Things goes wrong Posted by PCMag on Friday, October 14, 2016 Back to top Previous : Twitter Opens Periscope Live Video to Professional Broadcast... Report: Salesforce Says 'No Thanks' to Twitter Next : By Stephanie Mlot Stephanie began as a PCMag reporter in May 2012. She moved to New York City from Frederick, Md., where she worked for four years as a multimedia reporter at the second-largest daily newspaper in Maryland. She interned at Baltimore magazine and graduated from Indiana University of Pennsylvania (in the town of Indiana, in the state of Pennsylvania) with a degree in journalism and mass communications. More » More Stories by Stephanie Nab an NES Classic Edition on eBay...for $10,000 Or, you know, maybe just wait until the $60 mini console is back in stock. More » Facebook to Stop Allowing Advertisers to Target by Race The social network announced new tools to detect and automatically disable ethnic affinity marketing... More » Proposed Emoji Includes 'Face With Open Mouth Vomiting' New faces, foods, animals, people (real and fictional), and articles of clothing could make it into ... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google Camera from Pixel phones now available on 7.0 Nexus devices +14,840 Ashley King Oct 14th, 2016 Pre-orders for the Pixel phones are due to start shipping soon, but if you’ve held off on purchasing one of Google’s new devices you can still play around with plenty of the Pixel’s features on your Nexus 6P or Nexus 5X thanks to the crafty people over at XDA Developers. We’ve already seen Google Assistant running on the Nexus 6P, but the one new feature that has remained inaccessible is Google Camera 4.2 that ships with the Pixel devices. This version of the app requires the 7.1 version of Android Nougat, so until now it has been unavailable on Nexus devices which don’t have that update yet. XDA Developers has ported the app to work on Android 7.0 devices and they’ve confirmed it works on the Nexus 5X and the Nexus 6P so far. The developers note that they haven’t changed the build.prop in any way and because this is a modified version of Google Camera, it won’t install itself over your official camera app. Download Google Camera 4.2 apk local_offer    Google Camera   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (6) stars Further Reading Google Camera getting RAW support Google Camera for Android N Google Camera to get Goggles tech Download: Google Camera 3.1 w/new UI and 6.0+ features stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vertPlay Store UI update closeGoogle is slowly rolling out an updated UI for the Play Store A couple of weeks ago, Google showed off a new Play Store UI in a support video for the Pixel. Now, users are reporting that the new UI is slowly rolling out to devices. 7 more_vertThis is ARA closeWe have Google’s secret Project Ara phone [VIDEO] Remember Project Ara? Google’s super secret modular smartphone that was supposed to set the world on fire? They killed and buried the project, but we did some digging… look what we’ve got our hands on: 8 more_vertAndroid Auto app launches closeAndroid Auto finally comes to Android phones Android Auto in the car is great, but there’s one issue: a lot of people aren’t going to go out and buy new cars or in-dash configurations just to get it. Well, not anymore — Google has announced Android Auto for phones. 9 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 10 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
null
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts Jobs News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All Living All Living Joe Wicks Real Life Dear Deidre Fabulous Virals Sun Mums Travel Money Health Sex Fashion and beauty Food Horoscopes Puzzles Mrs Crunch IS IT TRUE? Google News launches fact check label for readers wanting 100% accuracy The perfect tool for news-hungry readers wanting to know what they are reading is right BY JANE DENTON 14th October 2016, 5:21 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments US-BASED technology giant Google News has launched a new “fact check” label to help readers gauge fact from fiction in the bountiful world of online news. Richard Gingras, Google’s head of news, said the tool will “help readers find fact checking in large news stories.” Getty Images 2 Google News is offering readers the chance to check facts in online news articles Through an algorithmic process, live stories are linked to fact checking articles and websites, allowing readers to decipher fact from spin. Having launched today, Google’s fact check label appears among news search results, alongside other more established labels, including opinion, local source and highly cited. In a blog post, Google said an article will be flagged up in the new category if it has a certain website code and if it follows the “commonly accepted criteria for fact checks.” RELATED STORIES So sketchy From Antoni van Leeuwenhoek to Mary Seacole - what is the history of the Google Doodle? Santa baby Googlebox’s Sandra Martin models sexy Santa corset from plus size lingerie range at Liverpool Fashion Week OK, GIGGLE Google is employing comedians and comedy writers to liven up their new Home device DON THE OFFENSIVE Trump-supporting TV presenter Tomi Lahren sparks outrage by DEFENDING Republican's sexist remarks 'I LIKE HIM, HE'S NICE' Moment teen UKIP supporter, 17, is jeered as he defends Donald Trump on Question Time Google’s fact check labels are visible in the expanded story box on the Google News site, on both the iOS and Android apps. In Google News, fact check labels are visible in the expanded story box on the Google News site, on both the iOS and Android apps, and roll out for users in the US and UK first. One example of where the tool is in use today features “Trump’s Misguided Debate Bias Claim”. From here, readers are taken to an explanation of the claim on the FactCheck.org web page. Google 2 This is how Google New’s new fact check label appears on screen It is no coincidence that the label has been launched by the US tech giant weeks before the Clinton versus Trump presidential battle reaches its peak. Sites which already have a fact checking service can apply to be included to appear in search results. According to the the Duke University Reporter’s Lab, there are currently more than 100 fact checking sites online, the BBC reports. Facebook, despite its increasingly critical role in the distribution of news, has yet to roll out any fact-checking feature. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   Topics Google Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in Living Fast food gets faster McDonald's is going to let you use your phone to pay and order in advance Living CHRISTMAS NUMBER ONE People are saying Marks & Spencer's Christmas advert is BETTER than John Lewis' Living Trump trumpet Terrifying 'apocalypse sound' heard throughout the world is being blamed on Trump's election win Living Better chance of buying a dodo Hatchimals SELL OUT as parents flock to buy this year's £60 must-have Christmas toy Living OH BROTHER! Remember Big Brother’s Orlaith McAllister? Well she looks even hotter now Living 'The best so far' Waitrose joins the battle of the Christmas ads and people think it beats John Lewis AND Marks & Spencer Living IS HEALTHY EATING MAKING YOU FAT? From secret sugars to second-helpings, we reveal the 4 most common dieting downfalls Living Dear Deidre I've been having sex with three amazing women but now I can't choose whether to leave lovers or my wife Living 'The shameless, audacious bawler' Nostradamus predicted Trump's victory and said it would trigger the end of the world Living DEAR DEIDRE I'm pregnant after the ultimate dirty weekend... and my baby has three potential fathers Living Exclusive 'Every girl has faked an orgasm' Perrie Edwards and the Little Mix girls talk boyfriends, body image and saucy selfies Living A White House Christmas John Lewis Christmas ad gets a hilarious makeover with Obama and Hillary... and you can probably… Living BETTER SEX Women should try 'de-armouring' their vagina to improve their sex lives, according to a new concept Living Insta-sham? Blogger who poses for photos all over the world finds a woman has been FOLLOWING her and mimicking her poses Living THAT'S A LOT OF DOSH Britain's highest paid woman took home £117m last year after starting her company in a Portakabin Living Most Popular Fast food gets faster McDonald's is going to let you use your phone to pay and order in advance Living Video FIX FACTOR Honey G reveals she's got a track lined up for next week's X Factor... moments after learning theme TV & Showbiz Exclusive EMILY'S OUT ON STREET Corrie legend Eileen Derbyshire leaves soap after 55yrs - ending reign as its longest serving actress TV & Showbiz Exclusive TRAM 'TEXT' HORROR Croydon tram crash driver was 'texting' as vehicle sped round corner 'significantly' above the permitted… News Latest THE WALL WILL BE BUILT Donald Trump says he will 'immediately' deport three million illegal immigrants and insists he WILL… News CHRISTMAS NUMBER ONE People are saying Marks & Spencer's Christmas advert is BETTER than John Lewis' Living back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz LIZARD MAN DEAD Tattooed biker gang enforcer known as 'Lizard Man' and ex-girlfriend found dead in apartment News KEEPING OFF THE RADAR 'Bored' missing schoolboy, 15, could be using Bear Grylls' survival skills to stay alive News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News 'WHy are you even on the show?' Xtra Factor viewer angers Nicole Scherzinger by trolling Ryan Lawrie live on air TV & Showbiz It's back! Michelle Keegan's wedding ring returns as she wows in strapless dress alongside handsome husband Mark Wright TV & Showbiz Trump trumpet Terrifying 'apocalypse sound' heard throughout the world is being blamed on Trump's election win Living 'SCREW YOU' Jacqueline Jossa hits out at online trolls who claimed she was pregnant with baby number 2 TV & Showbiz Better chance of buying a dodo Hatchimals SELL OUT as parents flock to buy this year's £60 must-have Christmas toy Living Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NFL NBA CFB MLB Soccer UFC NHL WWE Golf NASCAR CBB More Trending Lab Lists Video Tickets Golden St Warriors Draymond Green's Defense of Kevin Durant Reveals a Hidden NBA Truth By Erik Malinowski , Golden State Warriors Lead Writer Oct 14, 2016 Share Tweet Next ARTICLE » Use your ← → (arrow) keys to browse more stories Noah Graham/Getty Images 174.0K Reads 340 Comments Ever since Kevin Durant announced July 4 that he was leaving the Oklahoma City Thunder for the Golden State Warriors—the same Warriors who had just knocked the Thunder out of the Western Conference Finals in seven games—the criticism has been constant and unyielding. From that day more than three months ago until now, past and present players have been coming out every couple of days to tsk-tsk Durant's decision: Charles Barkley, Reggie Miller, Damian Lillard, Markieff Morris and Tracy McGrady.  One salty remark after another. The popular storyline goes that Durant basically duped the people of Oklahoma City into thinking he was going to stay and then was peer-pressured into bolting for the allure of a team on the brink of greatness. And Draymond Green reached his breaking point Thursday afternoon. A day after Paul Pierce gave a SiriusXM interview in which he expanded on his memorable July 4 tweet and said, among other things, that today's players are not "as hungry or as competitive as my generation was," Green laid into Pierce after an afternoon practice in Denver: "Nobody complain when somebody leave Apple and go to Google," Green said, per Anthony Slater of the San Jose Mercury News. "Aren't they in competition with each other? Nobody talk junk about the CEO who leaves Apple and goes to Google. As a basketball player, you are the CEO of a business. You are a business. Kevin Durant is a big business. He is the CEO of that business. So him going to play basketball for a different team, the CEO decided to leave where he was at and go somewhere else. "But there's so many guys in this league that are so stupid they don't think like that. They don't think business wise. It happens every day in the world. But in basketball it's a problem. Aren't you competitive in your day job if you work for Apple? Don't you want to outdo Google? What's the difference on the basketball court. It's your day job. You want to do what's better for you." Durant, to his credit, has been as thoughtful and forthcoming during his transition to Bay Area life as anyone in his position could be expected to be, given the pressure he's under and the narrative that quickly coalesced in the wake of his decision.  So while Durant was clearly peeved earlier this week when comments he made during a Warriors panel discussion at Stanford were taken out of context—"Man, whatever I say is going to be twisted up," he said after practice Tuesday, "so I'm only just going to say how I feel from now on"—he's largely taken everything in stride as the season quickly approaches. But it's no accident that Green was the one to finally snap. He is the emotional leader of this Warriors team, a role that has served head coach Steve Kerr and the players to great benefit over the past two seasons. When Golden State is down by 10 or 12 at the half, it's Green who makes the locker room speech. He is the star on this team who will not hesitate to self-sacrifice for the good of another. Sometimes that emotion can manifest itself in an unfortunate (and painful) way, but this is who he is. He's been like this the second he stepped on an NBA court as a second-round pick feeling a mountain-size sleight. So after months of the Warriors' new star taking one public drubbing after another, from players who had never won a title (Barkley, Miller), never had to make a similar decision (Lillard, Morris) or were themselves the beneficiary of a manufactured superteam (Pierce), it was only natural that Green would so forcefully come to Durant's defense.  Noah Graham/Getty Images Thank goodness he did, because what Green said about today's NBA should be a model for how younger players control their own destiny. After an offseason that saw many such as Lillard, Memphis' Mike Conley and Washington's Bradley Beal sign contracts worth more than what almost every Hall of Famer made in his entire playing career, it's more important than ever that players recognize the power they possess with regard to their future employment. The emotional attachment still plays a role, yes, but the business aspect is now an integral and inescapable part of how players decide their respective futures.  Green's comparison of players to tech CEOs was perhaps correct in the sense of "branding" (ugh), but a more apt example centers on the engineers who are in such high demand at these companies. It's true that workers move all the time from Apple to Google to Facebook to Amazon and sometimes back around again to a previous company, and even all of that gets more complicated as you take non-compete clauses and other conditions into account. But Green's point is valid: Hiring managers and headhunters fight like hell to bring in the best coders and programmers, promising perks and a better quality of life to people with highly specialized skills that are hard to replicate or replace—kind of like elite basketball players. The other simple reality that so many critics seem to forget? Durant, as a free agent operating within the bounds of the collective bargaining agreement, was fully within his rights to choose his next employer. Teams, in turn, must do their duty to convince him of their merits. And yet, all the ire, especially from way over yonder in OKC, seemed focused on Durant (who made an informed decision) and not in the direction of general manager Sam Presti (who has cleverly portrayed Durant's departure as some kind of fait accompli) or team owner Clay Bennett or even Russell Westbrook (who did not attend the Thunder's sit-down meeting with Durant in the Hamptons) for letting him walk. The Warriors, let's remember, brought along not just Green but Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson and Andre Iguodala, in addition to several team executives. Durant, ultimately, made a many-layered decision. It was personal, moving to an environment that was unfamiliar and exciting. It was professional, considering the opportunities that awaited him in a new and larger market. It was competitive, since the chances of him winning a title with Golden State are exponentially higher than with OKC. Sure, Durant could've perhaps been more gracious in saying his final goodbye to the Thunder fans who cheered and loved him for so many years. But this was not a decision he made lightly, and there's been little public defense of his thought process—only a stream of knee-jerk vitriol from a variety of agenda-driven sources. Noah Graham/Getty Images I wager that the Warriors will be an even stronger bunch in the wake of Green's comments. Kerr is a coach who wants his players to be happy, and team ownership takes pride in cultivating a workplace that fosters open communication. In the Warriors' continuing hunt to build team chemistry with Durant, this episode may serve to solidify some long-term bonds. I can only imagine what the team group chat looks like at this very moment. The bottom line is that the Dubs figure to win a whole lot of games this season. It's no coincidence that Pierce's comments came just a week after Golden State annihilated the Clippers in their preseason home opener at Oracle Arena. As the losses pile up, the comments from opposing locker rooms may only get more bitter, but the Warriors have to expect that. They've seen a barrage of such talk for months and the season hasn't even begun. And it won't stop (Golden State hopes) until at least mid-June. There may yet be future opportunities for other Warriors to come to a teammate's defense, be that Durant or someone else, but Green did his job here. Especially after the events of last June's Finals, when Green's Game 5 suspension arguably cost the Warriors their best chance at repeating as champions, he has now reaffirmed his role on this team, as their best defender, both on and off the court. He's the guy who does what others won't do and says what others won't say.  In this case, it was exactly what Durant—and the Warriors—needed to hear.          Erik Malinowski is the Golden State Warriors lead writer for B/R. You can follow him on Twitter at @erikmal. Share Tweet 340 Comments Follow Golden State Warriors from B/R on Facebook Follow Golden State Warriors from B/R on Facebook and get the latest updates straight to your newsfeed! Team StreamTM Warriors Embrace Antagonist Role with 'Super Villains' Party from Bleacher Report « Previous Next » Warriors Newsletter We'd like to send you the most entertaining Golden State Warriors articles, videos, and podcasts from around the web. Subscribe Now By signing up for our newsletter, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Policy. Thanks for signing up. Subscribe to More Teams About Advertise Blog Contact Us Careers Community Guidelines Press Privacy Terms Of Use Tickets AdChoices Stay on your game Latest news, insights, and forecasts on your teams across leagues. Choose Teams»› Real-time news for your teams right on your mobile device. Download»› Copyright © 2016 Bleacher Report, Inc. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. BleacherReport.com is part of Bleacher Report – Turner Sports Network, part of the Turner Sports and Entertainment Network. Certain photos copyright © 2016 Getty Images. Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of Getty Images is strictly prohibited. AdChoices
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Magazines Newspapers TV Revolving Door Search Search Magazines Newspapers TV Revolving Door About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Google News Adds a Fact-Check Tag to Searches Advertisement NEXT:CPJ: 'Trump Presidency Would Represent a Threat to Press Freedom' PREVIOUS:New Atlantic Editor Jeffrey Goldberg: 'When You’re an Editor, It’s Not About You Anymore' Media Biz Google News Adds a Fact-Check Tag to Searches By Corinne Grinapol on Oct. 14, 2016 - 12:19 PMComment The selection of tags, such as opinion and highly cited, that appear in front of Google search results is expanding with the addition of a fact-check tag. Google’s decision to add a fact-checking tag is based both on the popularity of its tagging system as well as the growth of fact-checking. “Over the last several years, fact checking has come into its own,” writes Google head of news Richard Gingras, citing Duke University Reporter’s Lab list of over 100 sites that now fact-check. To get the fact-check tag attached to an item, news orgs need to first add schema.org ClaimReview markup language to news items that feature a fact-check so that Google can identify the item. “We also look for sites that follow the commonly accepted criteria for fact checks,” writes Gingras. That criteria include articles that clearly identify facts, which are clearly checked and explained with appropriate and accessible citations and sources, especially primary. There’s criteria for the orgs doing the fact-checking as well, which “must be nonpartisan, with transparent funding and affiliations.” You’ll be able to see articles with the tag starting now. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get FishbowlDC delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Audience Engagement Editor McClatchy Washington, DC Health Editor U.S.News & World Report Washington D.C. Marketing Analyst National Schools Board Association Alexandria, Virginia Communications Jobs (Multiple) Pew Research Center Washington D.C. Digital / Web / UX jobs (Multiple) Pew Research Center Washington D.C. See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE What you need to reach the big leagues of local SEO Looking to build a successful career in local SEO? Columnist Brian Smith is here to coach you on how to improve your game. Brian Smith on October 14, 2016 at 10:21 am More Ffooter / Shutterstock.com It’s that time of year again. The air becomes crisp, the crack of the bat fills the stadium, the crowd roars — Chicago Cubs fans like me get that old, familiar feeling of foreboding. Major League Baseball’s playoffs are upon us, and in the spirit of the postseason, it’s time we explore how the great American pastime applies to building a successful career in local SEO. The right stuff If you aspire to local SEO success, you’ve got to have the right stuff. The competition in the industry is fierce, and it’s not easy to stand out among your peers. If you’re looking to wow the scouts, or if you’re considering lacing up your cleats for the first time and joining the local SEO game, these are the qualities and skills that talented young SEOs must have: Adaptability. The local SEO landscape is constantly changing. SEOs need to be comfortable with the fact that each day they log on in the morning, it’s a whole new ballgame. What was relevant yesterday might no longer be relevant today. Google alone updates its algorithms over a thousand times a year. If you’re looking for consistency and predictability in a career, local SEO is not it. However, if you thrive on the challenge and excitement of never knowing what Google will throw at you next, you might just have what it takes. Hunger for continual improvement. You’ve got to have that hunger, that desire to constantly learn and improve your SEO skills. Good is never good enough — not if you want to rise to the top. There’s always a way to improve SEO performance. Find it! Become a stats fanatic. Search algorithms are so complex and have so many variables that once you’ve learned the SEO basics, any additional performance gains come through constant experimentation and complex data interpretation. A successful SEO relishes A/B testing and digital sleuthing. Embrace the stats. SEO is a lot like the movie, “Moneyball” — though it’s more Jonah Hill than Brad Pitt. Talk the talk. Communication is an absolutely critical skill to local SEOs. Maintaining quality relationships with both clients and the other departments within your organization requires effective oral and written communication skills. A knack for behavioral science and psychology. At all times, a local SEO must have three groups in mind: 1) the end user who actually uses the search results, 2) the brand you represent and 3) the search engines. Local SEOs who can intuit the needs of these three groups are setting themselves up for a long career of SEO success. Specialize. Whether you focus on enterprise brands or SMBs, it’s important that you play to your own strengths. Just as in baseball, there are different positions and skillsets; find your own niche, and play to your strengths. Learn from the best If you’re looking to get a leg up on the competition, it’s important to learn from the best, from those who lead and define the industry. In local SEO, you’ll find that there are a few who stand taller than the rest of the field. If you’re not already following local search experts like David Mihm, Mike Blumenthal, Mary Bowling, Linda Buquet, Darren Shaw, Mike Ramsey, and the other local search columnists at Search Engine Land, now’s the time to start. But it’s not just the league leaders you should be paying attention to. If you’re just starting out, look to the veterans on your own team. The quickest way to develop your skills is to work alongside someone who can show you the ropes. Likewise, look to the communities and forums for help and insight, especially after any major algorithm updates. The collective knowledge of local SEOs is a powerful tool. Use it. Striking out Local SEO often feels like you’re up to bat with Google on the mound, and the search engine giant is staring you down, and you’re left trying to guess the next pitch. You might be expecting a fastball, but inevitably Google will throw you a curve and change up the algorithm on you. The result: a swing and a miss. Here’s an important lesson for all local SEOs (and for all SEOs, for that matter): failure is an unavoidable aspect of the SEO game. The search algorithms are so complex and change so often that after you’ve mastered the basics, it’s mostly trial and error to achieve significant gains after that. If something you tried didn’t work, dust yourself off, study the data and try something different. Remember, it’s a long season. Tomorrow is another day. Learn from your last at bat and try something different the next time. Striking out every now and then is inevitable. Failing to learn from that experience is unacceptable. Just don’t fail too often or you’ll be out of the job and out of the league. No pressure. Be a utility player Though it’s important to specialize in your given field, that doesn’t mean you should be a one-trick pony. When it comes to local SEO, the hat you wear today might not be the hat you wear tomorrow. Things change so rapidly in this business that you should expect your role within the team to constantly evolve. For example, cleaning up geocodes and manually placing pins is a time consuming process. But that doesn’t mean tomorrow Google won’t come out with an update to the Google My Business API that will allow us to automatically update geocodes. If that day comes, acknowledge the change, adapt, improve, and look for the next area to put your effort into. In local SEO, it’s important to constantly look to the future and anticipate it. The Penguin update was predicted long before it actually arrived. All signs point to AMP being the future of mobile. The signs are there for those willing to look. Begin laying the groundwork for looming industry changes now and you won’t get caught flatfooted when they do come to pass. Play the local SEO game the right way “Say it ain’t so, Joe,” but integrity is an important aspect of both baseball and local SEO. Sure, you have your cheaters in both domains, but eventually they get caught and punished. Google is constantly getting better at catching spam links and bogus local listings. You might be able to stay ahead of the search engines for a while, but eventually you’ll get caught, and you’ll have to pay the consequences. Play the local SEO game the right way, and you’ll be much more likely to have success in the long run. And that brings me to the most important lesson about local SEO. There are no shortcuts. No easy ways to the top. To gain expertise in local SEO, you’ll have to earn it, you’ll have to grind it out. But hey, that’s part of the fun. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Brian Smith Brian Smith is the director of local solutions and resident local search expert at Placeable, a local marketing company specializing in enterprise brands. For over 12 years, Brian has been conjuring up solutions to the most vexing search problems for his clients. Responsible for all aspects of Placeable's managed services organization, Brian executes local search strategy through content marketing, data syndication management, and technical enhancements to Placeable's suite of products. When the Montana native isn’t working on ways to improve his clients' search strategies, you can find him driving his kids to various sporting events and dance practice. Related Articles 7 Traits That Will Make You A Great SEO High-Priced Talent Letting You Down? PPC Moneyball Revisited Is selling SEO services getting harder or are SEOs just not good at it? The big picture guide to local SEO: ranking in 2016 & beyond Channel: SEOLocal Search ColumnSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: Local Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE What Google’s experimental content podium means for SEO What's the deal with Google Posts? Columnist Tony Edward explains this invite-only Google feature and discusses its potential implications for search marketers. Tony Edward on October 14, 2016 at 10:58 am More Google has been testing a new content platform called “Posts with Google,” and it could have a huge impact on brand searches, for both paid and organic. We all know that Google has had its struggles with trying to develop its own social network; Google Buzz is dead, and Google Plus seems to be on its way out. This new platform seems to have some social elements to it, though it is very different from a social network. On the official site for this platform, Google states the following: Every day millions of people search on Google, many of whom are looking for information about prominent individuals and organizations. Now we’re experimenting with a new way for users to hear directly from select entities they’re searching for on Google. Verified individuals and organizations can now communicate with text, images and videos directly on Google. Creating content is fast and simple, and once published, posts will appear instantly in search results related to the publisher. Each post can also be shared on popular social networks. So it appears the goal for this platform is to provide real-time updates from individuals and organizations when someone performs a direct brand search. This complements Google’s Knowledge Graph results, which provide quick information for entities. Google was already doing this real-time update by having official Twitter profiles and a tweet feed appearing for searches for entities. Let’s take a look at the platform. Check out the Tory Burch profile on posts.google.com. As you can see, it resembles a company social network profile page. It has a post feed, profile photo and what appears to be a cover photo/banner. The Tory Burch content feed is also appearing for branded searches. Notice the content carousel that sits below the paid ads and at the top of the organic search listings. This platform has a strong social integration as well; social share buttons are prominent on the profile and in the content carousel that appears in the SERPs. Impact on search This podium feature is still experimental, and right now it’s “invite only.” But if Google opens this up to more individuals and brands, it will have a major impact. As you can see in the Tory Burch content carousel above, the Google Posts content is very prominent and includes links, images and videos. This type of result can steal clicks from both paid ads and organic results. However, this is not necessarily a bad thing, as the links within your posts can direct users to your website, which can save you budget on the paid search side. From a conversion standpoint, this platform allows you to post real-time updates, such as sales or promotions, which can help increase conversions on your site. This can also help distract users from negative results that may be present on page one of your branded search results. It would be interesting if Google provided reporting metrics for this result type, such as organic impressions and clicks in the Search Analytics Report via Search Console (as they currently do for web pages). At this point, we have to wait and see what Google decides to do. There is currently a waitlist to use this platform, and I would highly recommend signing up if you are representing a brand or business. Visit the signup page here. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Tony Edward Tony Edward is a Senior SEO Manager at Elite SEM and an Adjunct Instructor of Search Marketing at NYU. He leads the SEO team at Elite SEM's New York City office. Tony has been in the online marketing industry for eight years. His background stems from affiliate marketing and has experience in paid search, social media and video marketing. Related Articles Google Posts now expands to cricket player cards in search results Google Posts is now experimenting with Business Cards in search results Google's Candidate Cards Being Tested For Businesses? Google Introduces Candidate Cards In Search For Presidential Election Season All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOGoogleGoogle: Google PostsSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
null
Share 10 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-13 American Music Awards 2016: Complete List Of 2016 AMA Nominees Entertainment 2016-11-13 A Tribe Called Quest On SNL Entertainment 2016-11-13 Netflix ‘The Crown’ Is Portraying Prince Philip As A Bit Of A Jerk Entertainment 2016-11-13 Barack Obama And Joe Biden Are BFFs, Memes About It Have Gone Viral And They Are Phenomenal News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2016-11-13 President-Elect Donald J. Trump – The Culmination Of Internet Trolling? News 2016-11-13 Could Hillary Clinton Still Become The Next President Of The United States? World 2016-11-13 World War 3 Fears Arise From Trump Threat: NATO Chief Says ‘Greatest Challenge To Security’ Of Europe If U.S. Leaves Alliance News 2016-11-13 California School Teacher Suspended After He Compares Donald Trump To Hitler Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Health 2016-11-11 Veterans Day 2016: Cancer Waging War With Battleground Survivors’ Lives Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-13 PlayStation4 Pro Owners Lost In The Middle Of PS4 Pro And TV Settings; Here Are Some Fixes Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Dishonored 2’ For PC Reportedly Has Problems Running — Bethesda Studios Provides Some Potential Fixes To Improve Frame Rate [Video] Gaming 2016-11-13 Ubisoft In Talks With Netflix For ‘Watch Dogs,’ ‘Assassin’s Creed,’ Or ‘Tom Clancy’ TV Series Gaming 2016-11-13 How To Build Your Ultimate Team In ‘Pokemon Sun And Moon’ BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Asra Nomani, A Muslim Woman, Had Two Reasons To Dump Trump, But She Didn’t: Here’s Why BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 What is Parker Schnabel’s Net Worth And The ‘Gold Rush’ Star’s Advice For Viewers Who Want To Get Into Gold Mining ? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Internet Of Things: Is The Future Susceptible To Hacking? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Michelle Obama Breaks The Internet With LeBron James And Cleveland Cavaliers In Mannequin Challenge [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Google Introduces ‘Fact Check’ For Readers To Validate Or Debunk Information Found On The Internet Media Industry 10 0 0 October 14, 2016 Google Introduces ‘Fact Check’ For Readers To Validate Or Debunk Information Found On The Internet Griller Goldy The world’s leading search engine, Google, has introduced a new fact-checking tag in its new section for readers to establish whether or not the information they read online is true. The move comes in the wake of the increase in fact-checking by online organizations, especially with regard to claims by politicians and public speakers. An official statement from Google reads, “In the seven years since we started labeling types of articles in Google News (e.g., In-Depth, Opinion, Wikipedia), we’ve heard that many readers enjoy having easy access to a diverse range of content types. Today, we’re adding another new tag, ‘Fact check,’ to help readers find fact checking in large news stories.” The fact-check feature works through an algorithmic procedure from Schema.org referred to as Claim Review, where live stories are linked to fact-checking articles and websites. The process allows readers to validate or debunk information they read on the internet as fast as possible. #googleoffice #googlelogo A photo posted by Tal Haguel (@talhag) on Sep 27, 2016 at 10:06am PDT During the process, fact-checking articles will appear on the screen below the main headline. The search engine giant used an example of a headline over passport checks for an expectant woman, with a link to Full Fact’s analysis of the subject matter. Through the fact-checking feature, readers will be able to establish if stories are false, claims in the headline are fake, or if there is an exaggeration in the information given. Google said that the new fact-checking feature would first be available in the United Kingdom and the United States through the Google News site. The feature will also be available on the news and weather apps for both iOS and Android platforms. Those who would like to become a part of the new service are encouraged to apply to have their websites included. “We’re excited to see the growth of the Fact Check community and to shine a light on its efforts to divine fact from fiction, wisdom from spin,” Google added. Google is not the first organization to make a move on fact-checking. A report from Duke University Reporter’s Lab revealed that there are over 100 fact-checking sites online, including BBC’s Reality Check. The feature has now become increasingly common, with firms like the International Fact-Checking Network, PolitFact, and FullFact analyzing speeches by politicians and other public speakers to establish whether or not they are true. Google’s head of new, Richard Gingras, pointed out that such publishers that already have fact checking services can still apply to be included in the search results. Last winter I asked my team to include a mock of this very thing in one of the very first presentations. Blown away at how hard they have worked to realize this @google #googlelogo A photo posted by Jonathan Lee (@hifromjonathan) on Sep 1, 2015 at 9:50pm PDT However, not all fact-checking sites run by algorithm have managed to fulfill their intended purpose. According to a report by the Independent, Facebook has had a difficult time preventing false headlines from appearing in its own trending news feature. The leading social media company changed human curators for an algorithm when a fake story about Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly being sacked over allegiances to Hilary Clinton caused conflict. The fact-checking feature from Google comes in time for the final round of the U.S. presidential elections. Although Google does not name Brexit or Donald Trump openly, authors like Ralph Keyes allege that people now live in a “post-truth” period. According to the author, this is an era when debates rarely focus on facts or policy, but rather on wild claims and emotions. Donald Trump, the U.S. Republican presidential candidate, in many cases has been found making misleading or false statements. PolitFact has rated 71 percent of Trump’s statements as false. The presidential candidate this week wrongly advised his supporters to go out and vote on November 28, which is 20 days after the United States’ actual election date. [Featured Image by David Paul Morris/Getty Images] Now Read This: Bill Simmons’ HBO Talk Show ‘Any Given Wednesday’ Is Cancelled Share 10 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Griller Goldy Tags: fact check, google, google news, United Kingdom Comments LATEST HEADLINES Meijer Black Friday 2016 Ad: Do Tech Sales Deals Rival Best Buy, Target, And Walmart? President-Elect Donald J. Trump – The Culmination Of Internet Trolling? ‘The Big Bang Theory’ Shows Amy Doesn’t Always Want To Get Physical With Sheldon Paul McCartney Celebrates Abbey Road Studios’ 85th Birthday Asra Nomani, A Muslim Woman, Had Two Reasons To Dump Trump, But She Didn’t: Here’s Why ‘Grimm’ Season 6 Series Finale Spoilers Veteran Deputy, 20 Years, Shot Down In ‘Direct Execution’ By This Man Could Hillary Clinton Still Become The Next President Of The United States? PlayStation4 Pro Owners Lost In The Middle Of PS4 Pro And TV Settings; Here Are Some Fixes New Report Warns Of Serious Risk For Babies Left In Car Seats Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 224.5k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 44.4k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 76.7k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 21.9k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 19.5k 0 0 KKK Of North Carolina Confirms It Will Hold Parade Honoring Electoral Victory Of Donald Trump On December 3 15k 0 0 The Legal Electoral College Map Scenario That Could Still Make Hillary Clinton President In 2016 8.9k 0 0 Recent Headlines ‘Dishonored 2’ For PC Reportedly Has Problems Running — Bethesda Studios Provides Some Potential Fixes To Improve Frame Rate [Video] 0 0 0 If Alien Life Does Exist, What Does ET Look Like? 5 0 0 American Music Awards 2016: Complete List Of 2016 AMA Nominees 4 0 0 California School Teacher Suspended After He Compares Donald Trump To Hitler 0 0 0 New ‘Supergirl’ Episode Spoilers: How Will Kara Feel About Alex Coming Out In This Week’s Episode Of ‘Supergirl’? 0 0 0 Mark McKinney Of ‘Superstore’ Says Glenn Is About ‘Forcing Optimism Into Things’ 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
null
null
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Please create an account to participate in the Slashdot moderation system   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 internet speed test! No Flash necessary and runs on all devices. × 86738247 story OpenCAPI: Google and IBM Lead Tech Consortium To Speed Data Centre Performance (thestack.com) 11 Posted by msmash on Friday October 14, 2016 @09:40AM from the working-together dept. An anonymous reader writes: IBM is leading a prestigious consortium of tech players in the open development of a new framework that, the company says, can speed data centre performance by a factor of 10. Participants in the OpenCAPI group include IBM, Google, Nvidia, Mellanox, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Micron and Xilinx. Chris Johnson, a Principal Engineer at Google commented 'Google is committed to open standards and we are excited to contribute to the cross-industry use and development of OpenCAPI'. Google's collaboration with RackSpace on the Zaius server will include IBM's forthcoming POWER9 processor technology, which is built around OpenCAPI. Tom Eby, vice president of Micron's compute and networking business said:"While memory has always been an essential building block for computing, it is quickly becoming the critical technology to unlocking next-generation performance." google hp ibm ← You may like to read: → Google To Divide Its Index, Giving Mobile Users Better and Fresher Content Silicon Valley Investors Call For California To Secede From the US After Trump Win Ask Slashdot: Would You Recommend Updating To Windows 10? Why Does Twitter Refuse To Shut Down Donald Trump? The Humans Crashing Into Driverless Cars are Exposing a Key Flaw Donald Trump: America Should Consider "Closing the Internet Up In Some Way" Submission: OpenCAPI: Google and IBM Lead Tech Consortium To Speed Data Centre Performance Apple CEO Tim Cook On Virtual Reality: There's No Substitute For Human Contact This discussion has been archived. No new comments can be posted. OpenCAPI: Google and IBM Lead Tech Consortium To Speed Data Centre Performance More Login OpenCAPI: Google and IBM Lead Tech Consortium To Speed Data Centre Performance Archived Discussion Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 11 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. Well fellows... (Score:2) by John Smith ( 4340437 ) writes: It could be a bust, but I think it looks like HyperTransport all over again. Intel misses out on a good standard. Honestly, what is up over there? Re: (Score:2) by AchilleTalon ( 540925 ) writes: My understanding is OpenCAPI is actually built on top of a glorified HyperTransport architecture. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. I will not (Score:2) by skids ( 119237 ) writes: ...fill out a form to view an "open" standard. "Open standards" should be posted in the open. Open Coherent Accelerator Processor Interface (Score:2) by wasteoid ( 1897370 ) writes: Why no acronym expansion? That's not a well-known acronym. but what is it? (Score:3) by Gravis Zero ( 934156 ) writes: on Friday October 14, 2016 @11:29AM (#53076305) It's an "open" version of IBM's Coherent Accelerator Processor Interface [ibm.com] which is basically a specification for how programs can interface with specialized "accelerators" (usually FPGAs) by writing to designated sections of RAM. This method minimizes the number of alternations that need to be made to motherboards, allows the use of standard CPUs and standardizes the unifies the changes that need to be made to the kernel. TL;DR: supercomputing nerd stuff Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by kelemvor4 ( 1980226 ) writes: You're crazy. 4 replies beneath your current threshold. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 1355 commentsSilicon Valley Investors Call For California To Secede From the US After Trump Win 982 commentsAsk Slashdot: Would You Recommend Updating To Windows 10? 832 commentsWhy Does Twitter Refuse To Shut Down Donald Trump? 748 commentsThe Humans Crashing Into Driverless Cars are Exposing a Key Flaw 735 commentsDonald Trump: America Should Consider "Closing the Internet Up In Some Way" next Apple CEO Tim Cook On Virtual Reality: There's No Substitute For Human Contact 116 comments previous Google To Divide Its Index, Giving Mobile Users Better and Fresher Content 113 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Archived Discussion Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 11 of 11 loaded Submit Story Nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong. FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2016 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 The HTC Bolt won’t be available in Canada, but may be released globally under a different name November 11, 2016 OnePlus 3 to get Android Nougat later this month November 11, 2016 BlackBerry CEO confirms new keyboard phone is coming November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 Tesla is now offering the Model S with a full glass roof November 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 NES Classic Edition now available in Canada, though good luck finding one in stores November 11, 2016 Toronto’s eSports scene gains a racing-simulation arcade November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 Canada makes top 20 list for LTE network accessibility in latest OpenSignal report November 10, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 Telus debuts hundreds of hours of Netflix content in 4K on Optik TV November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 Compatibility docs hint Google might ban third-party fast-charging in upcoming Android devices November 8, 2016 Google’s 4K-enabled Chromecast Ultra is now available in Canada for $90 November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 PlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at mainstream success [Reality Bytes] September 1, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 MacBook Pro 2016 Hands-on: A future without function keys October 27, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 The HTC Bolt won’t be available in Canada, but may be released globally under a different name November 11, 2016 OnePlus 3 to get Android Nougat later this month November 11, 2016 BlackBerry CEO confirms new keyboard phone is coming November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 Tesla is now offering the Model S with a full glass roof November 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 NES Classic Edition now available in Canada, though good luck finding one in stores November 11, 2016 Toronto’s eSports scene gains a racing-simulation arcade November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 Canada makes top 20 list for LTE network accessibility in latest OpenSignal report November 10, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 Telus debuts hundreds of hours of Netflix content in 4K on Optik TV November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 Compatibility docs hint Google might ban third-party fast-charging in upcoming Android devices November 8, 2016 Google’s 4K-enabled Chromecast Ultra is now available in Canada for $90 November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 PlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at mainstream success [Reality Bytes] September 1, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 MacBook Pro 2016 Hands-on: A future without function keys October 27, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Apple Watch Nike+ edition available in Canada on October 28 Samsung estimates $4 billion CAD loss for next two quarters due to Note 7 debacle CanCon Podcast Ep. 37: Why did Google choose now to go end-to-end with Apple? Douglas Soltys October 14, 2016 11:31am With a flurry of new product announcements, and finally, a suite of self-made hardware, Google has finally stepped outside the frenemy zone, and in direct competition, not only with Apple, but with its own partners. Dieter Bohn of The Verge posed the question: if you’re Google, would you trust the future of the company to your hardware partners? This week, CanCon poses another one: why now? After 8 long years of Android, why did Google finally decide that now was the time for an end-to-end solution? Beyond announcing a phone, Google also revealed a bevy of other products, among which was its latest iteration of affordable VR gear. It was not the only notable VR announcement this week, however, with PlayStation VR, Facebook-owned Oculus, and Canadian-made Sulon Q all in the news. Will VR ever truly make it into the hands of the average consumer, and if so, what will that world look like? Tune in as CanCon’s podcast crew – Erin Bury, Managing Director of 88 Creative, Patrick O’Rourke, MobileSyrup Senior Editor, Rob Kenedi, TWG’s Entrepreneur in Residence and host of the amazing #smallrooms podcast,and Douglas Soltys, BetaKit Editor in Chief – speculate on if we’re headed for a snow crash. Have some hot takes on our hot takes? Maybe you want to suggest a topic for a future podcast! Perhaps you have a burning question about something you read in tech news that we didn’t cover. Email us, post a comment below with the answer or question, or better yet, rate CanCon 5-stars on iTunes and post your thoughts there. Subscribe via: RSS, iTunes, Stitcher, Google Play CanCon Podcast Episode 37 (10/13/16) Google goes end-to-end Pixel and Pixel XL: Hands on The Google Phone We are all Hiro Protagonist WWTO virtual reality edition Google Daydream: Hands on Facebook brings social to VR PlayStation VR review Canadian Content music clip (under fair dealing): “Informer” by Snow PayPal ad music: Catmosphere – Candy-Coloured Sky, available under a Creative Commons BY-SA Attribution-Share Alike license. John W Douglas they need to get you onto the MS podcast more often, excellent podcast. Douglas tr0n Soltys I APPROVE THIS MESSAGE Rose You’re in luck… watch out for this week’s ep featuring the man himself! John W Well isn’t that a peach! thereasoner In my view these phones were never about competing with Apple so much as offering Samsung some competition in the premium Android market. The modular approach chosen by some established OEMs has largely failed to gain traction, others like Sony can’t break from the past by offering something new and different and other than some Chinese brands being successful at devaluing Android with high spec low cost offerings there is nothing challenging Samsung at the premium price tier within the Android ecosystem currently. Samsungs dominance in the premium segment is so complete it’s like they are the makers of Android really, they hold all the cards as far as how that OS is going to be perceived from affluent buyers. In steps Google with their own premium products that pull away from the previous Nexus strategy abdominal aline themselves in line against the best of what Android has to offer. I’m sure that the thought of Samsung one day breaking away with their own Tizen OS and leaving Android in the lurch was also a motivating factor but Apple? Umm, no. They’re not the driving force behind this move, at best they are an after thought in this case imo. John W I have to say, a couple years ago i would have figured that Samsung would have tried to start pushing Tizen by now. I am not sure how much development time they put into it, but with Google having its own phones now, and the likelihood of Google phone only features it makes me worry for other OEM’s. thereasoner They do use it in phones for the Asian markets, nothing high end though and they’ve got a long way to go in replacing Google services. Tizen is nothing without Google, even MS has a hard time and they’re way ahead of Tizen. kirfer “end-to-end”? Head to head, maybe? Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Clever computers can 'see' objects: AI software uses Google radar technology to identify things around it Computer scientists in Scotland devised a new machine learning platform It can scan and recognise real world objects in the environment around it  The software uses Google’s Project Soli to detect changes to radar signals Researchers say it could change how people interact with computers By Ryan O'Hare for MailOnline Published: 11:28 EST, 14 October 2016 | Updated: 12:47 EST, 14 October 2016 e-mail 18 shares 4 View comments Despite computers performing increasingly impressive feats, when it comes to recognising real world objects, they have fallen short. But the machines are learning that just like the robots of sci-fi blockbusters, being able to tell one thing from another is a key skill. A team of UK researchers has created software which has taught itself to recognise objects around it, with impressive accuracy. Scroll down for video  UK researchers have created software, called RadarCat, which can teach itself to recognise objects around it with impressive accuracy . Pictured is the platform recognising a Nexus smartphone placed on a radar sensor Called the RadarCat, short for radar categorisation for input and interaction, the software scans the world around it uses radar to scan the world around it. Tests in the computer lab have shown the platform, created by researchers at St Andrews University in Scotland, can correctly identify everything from a sponge to a block of wood and even tell if a glass has water in it or not. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Tinder's new algorithm could get you more right swipes:... The AI battle to organise your holiday snaps: Google and... President Obama warns AI could learn to manipulate stock... DeepMind teaches itself to navigate the London Underground:... Share this article Share 18 shares By using a machine learning approach, the software learns from a few examples in order to work out the parameters. The approach is reaching increasingly impressive milestones in the real world, such as Google-backed machine learning platform Deep Mind being able to navigate the London Underground network, a task which regularly stumps tourists. By using a machine learning approach, the software learns from a few examples in order to work out the parameters. The software was able to correctly identify everything from a sponge to a block of wood and even tell if a glass has water in it or not (pictured left and right) At the heart of the technology is Google’s Project Soli, a sensing technology which uses disruptions in radar signal to detect non-touch gestures SEEING WITH RADAR  In order for the software to interact with the real world, the team at St Andrews turned to a novel piece of hardware.  Google’s Project Soli uses radar sensors to detect non-touch gestures. By combining the machine learning software with the Soli sensors, the platform is able to detect and work out what objects in its environment are. In this way, RadarCat could be used to change how people interact with computers. The team gives one possible example as an application for blind people to work out the contents of identical containers, such as a carton of milk and orange juice. Objects are placed in front of a sensor which detects changes to a radar field and works out what it is ‘looking’ at. It can even identify different body parts. At the heart of the technology is Google’s Project Soli, a sensing technology which uses disruptions in radar signal to detect non-touch gestures. A video of RadarCat in action, which the team showed to Google at its Californian headquarters earlier this year, shows the platform identifying apples, oranges, smartphones, tablet computers, cases and more. The team was also able to create a painting app, with the brush changing function depending on which surface it was placed on. In a final demonstration, the Soli device is connected to an Android smartphone and placed against different areas of the body.  Combined with the clever software, it is able to detect which body part it is scanning and whether the region is covered or not. The team demonstrated the platform to Google at its Californian headquarters earlier this year, shows the platform identifying apples, oranges, smartphones, tablet computers, cases and more A Soli device was connected to an Android smartphone and placed against different areas of the body. Combined with the clever software, it is able to detect which body part it is scanning and whether the region is covered or not (pictured) According to the team, the platform could be used by blind people to work out the contents of identical containers, such as cartons of milk and orange juice. Professor Aaron Quigley, who led the research, said: ‘The Soli miniature radar opens up a wide-range of new forms of touchless interaction.  Professor Quigley, said: ‘Once Soli is deployed in products, our RadarCat solution can revolutionise how people interact with a computer, using everyday objects that can be found in the office or home, for new applications and novel types of interaction.’ He added: ‘Beyond human computer interaction, we can also envisage a wide range of potential applications ranging from navigation and world knowledge to industrial or laboratory process control.’  Read more: RadarCat: Radar Categorization for Input & Interaction using Soli [UIST2016] - YouTube 2016 | New technology using radar can identify materials and objects in real time | University of St Andrews Share or comment on this article e-mail 18 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Havelock resident shocked as he films earthquake hitting NZ Trump supporter spews ignorant racist rant at young woman Michael Moore tries to meet with Trump at Trump Tower Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Mother kicks her young child out for voting Trump in school Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters Nigel Farage avoids questions as he enters Trump Tower Dogs leaping through grass like antelope will cheer you up Bodybuilder with '0% body fat' flexes her muscles in the gym Road rage incident turns personal as drivers insult each other Terryfing video of ground shaking as earthquake hits Christchurch Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and... 'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon... From a modest home built by her father to the future First... Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one... 'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Film-maker Michael Moore is blocked by Secret Service on the... Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island... 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave... Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read World's tallest tropical tree is found in Borneo - and it's as tall as THREE blue whales stacked end to end  A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in... Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion... Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife... Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are... How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the... How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The astonishing claims over the final resting place of Jesus: Why Japan, India and Glastonbury have all been... How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to... UN climate talks dominated by fears Donald Trump will derail $100 billion plan launched by Hillary Clinton... Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' Is this part of a secret spy satellite? Mysterious chunk of 'Chinese' space debris crash lands in Myanmar Now that's a bright idea! Street lights powered by FOOTSTEPS make their world debut in Las Vegas  Girls respond worse to stress than boys because a region of their brain shrinks - and experts say it could... MORE HEADLINES A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in latest bizarre claim From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the test to find out if you're one of them The ultimate guide to the biggest supermoon in living memory: MailOnline reveals how to watch the stunning spectacle on Monday How slimeballs slither: Watch the bizarre 'slimelapse' that reveals gelatinous molds creeping for food  How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion reactor Medieval GIANTESS is found in a Polish cemetery: 7ft 2in woman had a traumatic life full of disease and injury Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are dead - and even Mark Zuckerberg was hit Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to persuading voters  Meet Bear-yoncé! Dancing bear twerks it out in hilarious trailer for hit BBC series Planet Earth II Move over James Bond: World's first commercially available jetpack is now on sale to 'well qualified buyers' MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'He wants to make America great again... and chicken fingers': The Daily Show jokes Trump's speechwriter could easily be a kid Sponsored Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Booty-ful day at the beach! RHOM star Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40 million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and tells divided America: 'Don't be afraid'  61 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Google News battles era of spin with fact check label – PCWorld Posted on October 14, 2016 by PCWorld Google is making it easier to cut through Internet nonsense with a new Google News tag purpose-built for our era of discontent, fake news stories on social media, and flat-out lies. The search giant says you will soon see a “Fact Check” tag next to … Google News launches fact check feature ahead of Election DayThe Verge In Today’s Post-Factual Politics, Google’s Fact-Check Tag May Not Be Much HelpForbes Google News to Highlight Fact-Checked StoriesPC Magazine CNET -Silicon Valley Business Journal -The Boston Globe -Headlines & Global News all 42 news articles …read more wrote 21297 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Watch Dogs 2 Easter Egg Appears to Tease a New Ubisoft Space Game – GameSpot FriendFinder Networks hack reportedly exposed over 412 million accounts – TechCrunch Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review – Gizmodo Australia Who’s excited for Pokemon Sun & Moon? – Destructoid Old Elder Scrolls Game Takes Over 60 Hours To Walk Across – Kotaku Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
null
null
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome And so it begins: Messenger expanding sponsored chats Leaders’ Insights: Anne O’Leary, Vodafone Ireland Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps Irish-based Hibernia Networks snapped up by GTT for $590m Google rubbishes EU claims that Android hurts mobile competition Business leaders fear what Trump presidency will mean for trade Irish Government appeals against €13bn EU ruling Twitter shuffles deck as COO Adam Bain walks, Anthony Noto takes role The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies What is the rest of the world searching about Donald Trump? Robots are primed to change industry… any day now Netflix customers: Watch out for the latest scam Facebook’s data-sharing WhatsApp plan suffers fresh blow Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Siro claims 36,500 FTTH homes as 1Gbps fibre race steps up a gear Eir CEO Richard Moat: ‘Telcos are turning into media companies’ The Big Upgrade: How to make Three plus O2 equal one network Virgin sends a fibre broadband boost to 2,000 homes in Tullamore Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund OpenBack wins €25,000 ESB Spark of Genius 2016 prize CurrencyFair raises €8m and bulks up leadership team Alan Siegel of Siegelvision reveals 3 things he uses to evaluate a brand Hate queueing for petrol? There’s an app for that ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain CoderWomen: How to help adults catch up with the kids Leaders’ Insights: Donnacha O’Riordan, MCCI Science and social responsibility: An ongoing discussion Chinese builders nearly destroy undiscovered ‘mud dragon’ dinosaur with dynamite Offaly is set to be home to a ‘treemendous’ ecological wonder Irish researcher awarded €8.8m to develop inhaler for lung disease Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas BMW: ‘Supercomputers, AI and 5G crucial to make self-driving real’ ‘Harry Potter invisibility cloak’ developed for photonic chips Facebook’s AI revolution will start with Picasso-like photo filters Booking.com’s Gillian Tans: ‘AI is the future of travel’ China research team smashes quantum cryptography record New morphing aeroplane wing is covered by scale-like skin How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth College & Beyond event helps young women develop STEM careers How unusual recruitment methods attract better candidates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? How do top companies attract top talent? Want a career in software? These are the most important skills Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Fjord’s Mark Curtis: ‘Design thinking must not become a management fad’ Alan Siegel of Siegelvision reveals 3 things he uses to evaluate a brand Have we reached peak sharing economy? We’re now reinventing capitalism with something called Peers Inc Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway Storyful plans job growth as it opens new Dublin office Hundreds of sci-tech jobs announced across 9 companies in Ireland IoT company Smartfrog to fill 35 new jobs in Dublin An AOL internship: More than just coffee and hackathons Cybersecurity player Integrity360 to create 150 jobs in Dublin ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male 10 amazing images that bagged wildlife photography awards Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity Samsung pins its hopes on AI assistant in Galaxy S8 WhatsApp about to steal some of Snapchat’s ideas Huawei Mate 9 enters the fray as the Note7 smoke settles You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first See how Earth’s population grew over time Interactive map shows over 35,000 fishing vessels at work on the world’s oceans ALL How can colleges ensure everyone gets a chance? Is ‘Peers Inc’ the latest industrial revolution? How social media helped save codebreaking’s true home David Hennessy: Making Three plus O2 equal one The working life is changing fast, companies need to catch up Nora Khaldi on being both a scientist and an engineer ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT ENTERPRISE Google desktop search results could be out of date very soon by Colm Gorey 14 Oct 201694 Shares Google on desktop. Image: Linda Moon/Shutterstock In one of the biggest indications of its mobile-first intentions, Google is expected to split its desktop and mobile search indexes soon, with the former to play second fiddle to mobile. As things stand, Google search results on both desktop and mobile are sourced from the same powerful index that decides what results you get when you search ‘Chinese restaurants Dublin’, for example. However, if reports are accurate, that search in a few months’ time on desktop won’t be as up to date as the same search on mobile, as Google’s plans follow market trends and the near month-on-month decline of PC sales globally. A year in the making According to Search Engine Land, Google webmaster trends analyst Gary Illyes confirmed at an event that the company will be going ahead with the splitting of its search indexes into desktop and mobile in the coming months. While it might not so evident at first, in-depth comparisons between search results on desktop and mobile will show that the former is slightly different and not as up to date. Last year, Google revealed at the SMX East event that it was toying with the idea of splitting the search index in two, but now Google and SEO experts will certainly be following developments of the new index prior to its launch. The decision to focus greater attention on mobile would appear to follow the company’s attitude to the platform, having announced last year that its search rankings would favour mobile-optimised sites over ones that are not. How out of date the search index on desktop is, and whether it will have any access to the mobile version remains to be seen, but its effect on how its ranking algorithm on mobile will be considerable. ‘It makes sense’ Currently, Google generates its mobile ranking by extracting data from the desktop version and modifying it for use on mobile but with this new index, it can run its own dedicated algorithm. One company that this change will certainly affect is Yoast, a search optimisation company that is used by many websites to optimise their content for Google searches. Speaking with The Guardian, Yoast founder and CEO Joost de Valk has welcomed the news. “It makes sense to me that they’d have two separate indexes and treat them as equals, but now they’ve got a primary one. That makes sense too, because it’s probably the fastest way for them to grow their index,” he said. “I think, in part, it is about pushing people to change their sites to be responsive, rather than having a separate desktop and mobile site. By saying that their mobile index is more important, it will push people to focus on their mobile sites.” Google on desktop. Image: Linda Moon/Shutterstock Related: computer science, search, SEO, Google Colm Gorey is a journalist with Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Fionnuala Meehan to take reins of Google in Ireland, Harris to lead UK 27 Oct 2016774 Shares Hiring Now Join us to create the technology of tomorrow The largest employer in northwest Ireland Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share Working at the leading edge of IoT Trending What sound does a zebra make? Ask Google right now 26 Aug 20163 Shares Machines Will current AI be illegal in the EU in 2018? 26 Oct 201660 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Enterprise Mobile reigns supreme as desktop browsing finally left behind 1 Nov 201684 Shares Gear Google to punish websites with “intrusive” pop-up ads 24 Aug 201644 Shares Trending Olympics Google Doodle transforms into a fruity mobile game 5 Aug 20161 Share Latest News Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook 1 day ago Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps 1 day ago The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook 1 day ago Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden 1 day ago In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ 1 day ago In a dark week, we find light in career development 1 day ago Leaders’ Insights: Donnacha O’Riordan, MCCI 1 day ago Irish-based Hibernia Networks snapped up by GTT for $590m 1 day ago Science and social responsibility: An ongoing discussion 2 days ago I have just graduated. What do I do now? 2 days ago To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential 2 days ago Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? 2 days ago India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies 2 days ago Chinese builders nearly destroy undiscovered ‘mud dragon’ dinosaur with dynamite 2 days ago Google rubbishes EU claims that Android hurts mobile competition 2 days ago Design thinking brought to a new level through VR 2 days ago Offaly is set to be home to a ‘treemendous’ ecological wonder 2 days ago Business leaders fear what Trump presidency will mean for trade 2 days ago Irish researcher awarded €8.8m to develop inhaler for lung disease 2 days ago Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase 2 days ago Every job is unique in 3D design and printing 2 days ago What do you need to do to become a super boss? 2 days ago Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas 2 days ago Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund 2 days ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
null
Fellowships Reports Lab Storyboard Nieman Foundation at Harvard HOME About Fuego Encyclo Subscribe            Foundation Reports Storyboard LATEST STORYThere are at least eight promising business models for email newsletters Business Models Mobile & Apps Audience & Social Aggregation & Discovery Reporting & Production ABOUT                     SUBSCRIBE MENU   Business Models Mobile & Apps Audience & Social Aggregation & Discovery Reporting & Production Encyclo Fuego Oct. 14, 2016, 10:50 a.m. No pants on fire: Google News is now highlighting fact checks LINK: blog.google  ➚   |   Posted by: Joseph Lichterman   |   October 14, 2016 During the first presidential debate last month, Hillary Clinton said she hoped “the fact checkers are turning up the volume and really working hard.” Now Google is unveiling a feature that might make their work a little easier to find. On Thursday, the company announced that it would begin labelling fact checks in Google News. The fact check tag is appearing on the Google News website along with the Google News & Weather app on iOS and Android. It’s initially rolling out the fact check tags in the United States and United Kingdom. In a post, Google head of news Richard Gingras explained how the company is categorizing fact checks: Google News determines whether an article might contain fact checks in part by looking for the schema.org ClaimReview markup. We also look for sites that follow the commonly accepted criteria for fact checks. Publishers who create fact checks and would like to see it appear with the “Fact check” tag should use that markup in fact check articles. RELATED ARTICLE Algorithms are now controlling Facebook’s Trending topics. What does that mean for news? August 29, 2016While Google is introducing the fact check tag to Google News, Facebook has repeatedly had to deal with surfacing fake news stories in its Trending section since it fired its editors in August. Since then, The Washington Post’s Abby Ohlheiser and Caitlin Dewey have been running The Intersect, an excellent email newsletter which tracks trending stories on Facebook, Google, and Twitter. In a story published Wednesday, Dewey wrote that they’ve discovered numerous fake stories trending on Facebook in recent weeks, though they’ve admitted that their study is inherently limited since they only tracked trends during the workday and Facebook trends are individualized for each user: As part of a larger audit of Facebook’s Trending topics, the Intersect logged every news story that trended across four accounts during the workdays from Aug. 31 to Sept. 22. During that time, we uncovered five trending stories that were indisputably fake and three that were profoundly inaccurate. On top of that, we found that news releases, blog posts from sites such as Medium and links to online stores such as iTunes regularly trended. Facebook declined to comment about Trending on the record. It’s too soon to tell what kind of impact Google’s fact check tags will have on news consumption, but tagging different story types since 2009. Google News now features tags such as opinion and in-depth, and earlier this year it introduced a Local Source tag for stories from local news outlets. Show tagsHide tags Show comments / Leave a commentHide comments Abby Ohlheiser Caitlin Dewey Facebook Facebook Trending fact check Google Google News Richard Gingras   What’s the best way to follow how the news is changing? Our daily email, with all the freshest future-of-journalism news. Prefer a once-a-week email? » Cite this articleHide citations CLOSE MLA Lichterman, Joseph. "No pants on fire: Google News is now highlighting fact checks." Nieman Journalism Lab. Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard, 14 Oct. 2016. Web. 13 Nov. 2016. APA Lichterman, J. (2016, Oct. 14). No pants on fire: Google News is now highlighting fact checks. Nieman Journalism Lab. Retrieved November 13, 2016, from http://www.niemanlab.org/2016/10/no-pants-on-fire-google-news-is-now-highlighting-fact-checks/ Chicago Lichterman, Joseph. "No pants on fire: Google News is now highlighting fact checks." Nieman Journalism Lab. Last modified October 14, 2016. Accessed November 13, 2016. http://www.niemanlab.org/2016/10/no-pants-on-fire-google-news-is-now-highlighting-fact-checks/. Wikipedia {{cite web     | url = http://www.niemanlab.org/2016/10/no-pants-on-fire-google-news-is-now-highlighting-fact-checks/     | title = No pants on fire: Google News is now highlighting fact checks     | last = Lichterman     | first = Joseph     | work = [[Nieman Journalism Lab]]     | date = 14 October 2016     | accessdate = 13 November 2016     | ref = {{harvid|Lichterman|2016}} }} The latest from Nieman Lab There are at least eight promising business models for email newsletters Andrew Jack The forces that drove this election’s media failure are likely to get worse Joshua Benton Has Election 2016 been a turning point for the influence of the news media? Pablo Boczkowski As seen on TV: For the TV-less viewer, live election night shows abound, on any number of screens Shan Wang Hot Pod: Slate tries a rolling audio mashup to cover Election Day live Nicholas Quah Join the 15,000 who get the freshest future-of-journalism news in our daily email. There are at least eight promising business models for email newsletters Email newsletters are a hybrid medium that fill a gap for newsrooms. The forces that drove this election’s media failure are likely to get worse Segregated social universes, an industry moving from red states to the coasts, and mass media’s revenue decline: The disconnect between two realities shows no sign of abating. Has Election 2016 been a turning point for the influence of the news media? “The stark contrast between editorial dynamics and electoral preferences might lead to two trends directly affecting the news media in the short-term future.” Andrew Jack There are at least eight promising business models for email newsletters Email newsletters are a hybrid medium that fill a gap for newsrooms. Joshua Benton The forces that drove this election’s media failure are likely to get worse Segregated social universes, an industry moving from red states to the coasts, and mass media’s revenue decline: The disconnect between two realities shows no sign of abating. Pablo Boczkowski Has Election 2016 been a turning point for the influence of the news media? “The stark contrast between editorial dynamics and electoral preferences might lead to two trends directly affecting the news media in the short-term future.” What to read next These stories are our most popular on Twitter over the past 30 days. See all our most recent pieces ➚ Fuego is our heat-seeking Twitter bot, tracking the links the future-of-journalism crowd is talking about most on Twitter. Here are a few of the top links Fuego’s currently watching.   Get the full Fuego ➚ Encyclo is our encyclopedia of the future of news, chronicling the key players in journalism’s evolution. Here are a few of the entries you’ll find in Encyclo.   Get the full Encyclo ➚ New England Center for Investigative Reporting Zonie Report TBD Public Radio International BuzzFeed ReadWrite Google Bloomberg Connecticut Mirror St. Louis Beacon SF Appeal Sacramento Press Subscribe Twitter Facebook iPhone app RSS About Contact Archives Encyclo Fuego Help advance the Nieman Foundation’s mission “to promote and elevate the standards of journalism” by making a donation. To promote and elevate the standards of journalism Covering thought leadership in journalism Pushing to the future of journalism Exploring the art and craft of story © 2016 by the President and Fellows of Harvard College  /  Some rights reserved Harvard Trademark Privacy Walter Lippmann House    One Francis Ave.    Cambridge, MA 02138    617 495 2237 The Nieman Journalism Lab is a collaborative attempt to figure out how quality journalism can survive and thrive in the Internet age. It’s a project of the Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard University. Follow us Subscribe to our email Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook Download our iPhone app Subscribe via RSS Subscribe to our work → The basics About us Contact Archives Projects Encyclo Fuego Tweet archive About us → Director Joshua Benton Staff writers Justin Ellis Caroline O’Donovan © President and Fellows of Harvard College, unless otherwise noted. Some rights reserved.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 13, 9:57 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Media & CultureEntertainment Lil Wayne Vs. Birdman Beef: Cash Money Records Refused To Release ‘Tha Carter V’ For Free By Nicholas Mojica On 10/14/16 AT 10:56 AM Close Lil Wayne’s highly-anticipated album, “Tha Carter V,” should have been out in 2014 but disagreements with Birdman and the Cash Money Record label have led to Lil Wayne’s album being delayed multiple times. During an interview with the Rap Radar podcast, Lil Wayne’s manager, Cortez Bryant, revealed that Cash Money had the chance to release the album for free. Speaking with Elliott Wilson and B. Dot, Bryant said Weezy never received an advance for the album’s first single, “Believe Me,” but still wanted to move forward with the release of the album. While waiting on the advance, Wayne went on tour with Drake, but following the tour, Cash Money still didn’t give Weezy his advance money. This led to Wayne coming up with an idea to release the album with some help from Google. “This was before streaming really hit. We had a deal cut with Google where they were going to back the album and we were really gonna be able to give ‘Carter V’ away for free, streaming,” said Cortez.  According to Bryant, the deal they had in place with Google was “lucrative” but Birdman and his brother Ronald “Slim” Williams, label co-founder, didn’t understand it. Related Stories Clinton-Lil' Kaine 2016 Lil Wayne Has No Clue Who Are Lil Uzi Vert, Lil Yachty And Kodak Black Are Did Lil Wayne Call Out Birdman In A New Song? “The deal was lucrative. When I presented it to Slim and Baby, they didn’t get it. They didn’t get streaming. They went to the powers that be, the label was against it because they hadn’t put their hands in the [streaming services’] pockets yet, they had no control over it, and they basically told me we can’t put the album out. And when I had to tell Wayne that, he was like…what? He was like, ‘You can’t stop me, you can’t hold me back, my fans don’t deserve this and I’m about to air it out.'” Although Lil Wayne has released other albums such as the “Free Weezy Album” while waiting for the release of “Tha Carter V,” don’t expect him to take matters into his own hands again. After releasing the “Free Weezy Album” with Jay Z through Tidal, Bryant said he doesn’t want to get hit with another cease-and-desist. As fans wait for the album to release, just know that the album is finished and Wayne says it sounds great. “I popped it in, and I was like, it’s still so much better than everything I’ve ever heard,” Wayne told the New York Times. Cash Money Records had a chance to release Lil Wayne’s “Tha Carter V” for free but passed on it. Pictured: Lil Wayne and Birdman at the 2013 BMI R&B/Hip-Hop Awards in New York City on Aug. 22, 2013. Photo: Getty Images/Neilson Barnard Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business After Trump Win, Critic Buffett Sees Strong Stocks, Trade Hurdles The Oracle of Omaha discussed Donald Trump's impending presidential term from an economic perspective. Technology Luxembourg’s New Law To Allow Private Space Mining The European country has adopted a draft law that will guarantee private companies the right to resources harvested in outer space. World Storm To Complicate New Zealand Earthquake Recovery Efforts The 7.8-magnitude quake struck shortly after midnight, leaving at least two dead. National Priebus Appointed Trump Chief Of Staff President-elect Donald Trump went for someone who has ties to Capitol Hill but his other moves indicate his "drain the swamp" credo may be on the back burner. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Magazines Newspapers TV Revolving Door Lunch Search Search Magazines Newspapers TV Revolving Door Lunch About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Publishers Are Happy With Google AMP Advertisement NEXT:The World Applauds Bob Dylan PREVIOUS:Runner's World Celebrates 50 Years With 6 Great Covers Digital Publishers Are Happy With Google AMP By Chris O'Shea on Oct. 14, 2016 - 10:30 AMComment Google good, Facebook bad. That’s what some publishers believe after having used Google’s AMP (accelerated mobile pages) and Facebook’s Instant Articles. According to Digiday, AMP now accounts for 10 to 15 percent of publisher search traffic. That’s insane. The main reason? AMP-enabled links are lightning fast, so people use them. Thrillist said AMP provides 15 percent of its search traffic; USA Today said it generated 12 percent of its mobile views; and The Verge put it at about 14 percent. “For AMP to almost immediately climb to this 10 to 15 percent number as a contributor to the overall search pie, as a product goes, it’s almost unprecedented,” Shahzad Abbas, vp of digital media at SEO consulting company Define Media, told Digiday. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get FishbowlNY delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Editor, BMC Series - Open Access Springer Nature New York, NY Chief Editor, BMC Medicine Springer Nature New York, NY Cities Editor Thrillist Media Group New York City, New York (US) Sales Promotion Designer Penguin Random House New York, NY Marketing Coordinator Ennead Architects LLP New York City including the Tri-State Area See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Pinterest Sign up for our Newsletter Toggle Close Women of the Year Fashion Beauty Entertainment Sex & Relationships Weddings Health News 51 Million Women of the Year The Girl Project Inspire a Difference Video Log In Register In This Issue Free Stuff Promos Apps Newsletters Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On Pinterest News and Politics 51 Million Women of the Year The Girl Project Inspire a Difference Subscribe Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Pinterest Sign up for our Newsletter Search Facebook Twitter Pinterest News and Politics You Will Love Google's New Fact-Checking Feature By Jillian KramerOctober 14, 2016 10:30 am Pinterest Facebook If you're tired of reading misinformation spread through the news—we're looking at you, Donald Trump—Google has a solution. This week, the company launched a new fact check feature that will be displayed in expanded news stories, alongside the search engine's existing labels, such as opinion and highly cited. The fact check feature works like this: Google will use its Claim Review process to algorithmically determine whether a story might contain factual problems and highlighting sources that have been shown to "follow the commonly accepted criteria for fact checks," according to its announcement. It's unclear just how many sites will meet this criteria, but the Duke Reporter's Lab has found that "rigorous fact checks are now conducted by more than 100 active sites," Google wrote in its announcement. According to Engadget, that number has grown from just four such organizations in 2010. Google announced Thursday the fact check feature is available for its U.S. and U.K. users of its Google News website and mobile apps for Android and iOS, implying it will hit other markets in the future. "We’re excited to see the growth of the Fact Check community," wrote Richard Gingras, Google's head of news, "and to shine a light on its efforts to divine fact from fiction, wisdom from spin." Keywords: Google news election 2016 Get Glamour In Your Inbox! Sign Up Most Popular Fashion Here’s Every Model Walking in the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show Fashion The Hidden Meaning in the Purple Dress Michelle Obama Wore to Meet Meet Melania Trump Sex-Love-Life 24 Incredibly Cool Gift Ideas For Even the Pickiest Boyfriend Beauty 21 Beauty Splurges That Are Worth Throwing Down Money For News and Politics These Are Donald Trump's Plans for Roe v. Wade, According to His '60 Minutes' Interview By Hillary Kelly 21 minutes ago News About Inspiring Women Gretchen Carlson Wrote a Powerful Op-Ed About Sexual Harassment By Erin Reimel 2 hours ago News About Inspiring Women Here's Why Women at Google Are Leaving Affirming Sticky Notes For Each Other By Erin Reimel 3 hours ago News and Politics Here's How to Watch Glamour's 2016 Women of the Year Summit and Awards Gala By Kate Friedman 3 hours ago News About Inspiring Women Women Are Sending Donations to Planned Parenthood in Vice President-Elect Mike Pence's Name By Erin Reimel 4 hours ago TV Ruth Bader Ginsburg Plans to Live Forever, According to SNL By Chelsea Stone 6 hours ago related InspiredThese Photos of President Obama and Donald Trump's First Meeting Have the Internet Go… InspiredThe Internet Couldn't Stop Making the Same Joke About Michelle Obama and Melania Trum… InspiredMore Than 2 Million People Have Signed a Petition Asking the Electoral College to Vote fo… Follow UsGet up-to-the-instant updates and inspiring dispatches. Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Pinterest Follow Us On Instagram Get the NewsletterYour daily dose of the latest in fashion, beauty, and entertainment--delivered straight to your inbox Sign Up Privacy Policy Subscription Services Contact Glamour Reprints/Permissions Newsletter Signup Site Map RSS Advertise With Us UK Greece France Hungary Germany Poland Spain Sweden Russia Netherlands Mexico and Latin America South Africa Condé Nast Store Careers Glamour Media Kit Visit Other Condé Nast Sites ©2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/2014) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/2014). Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News IBM, Google, others to unveil new open interface to take on Intel IBM, Google, others to unveil new open interface to take on Intel IBM Corp, Google and seven others have joined hands to launch an open specification that can boost datacenter server performance By: Reuters | Published:October 14, 2016 8:06 pm IBM Corp, Google and seven others have joined hands to launch an open specification that can boost datacenter server performance Technology giants IBM Corp, Google and seven others have joined hands to launch an open specification that can boost datacenter server performance by up to ten times, to take on Intel Corp. The new standard, called Open Coherent Accelerator Processor Interface (OpenCAPI), is an open forum to provide a high bandwidth, low latency open interface design specification. The open interface will help corporate and cloud data centers to speed up big data, machine learning, analytics and other emerging workloads. The consortium plans to make the OpenCAPI specification available to the public before the end of the year and expects servers and related products based on the new standard in the second half of 2017, it said in a statement. Intel, the world’s largest chipmaker, is known to protect its server technologies and has chosen to sit out of the new consortium. In the past also, it had stayed away from prominent open standards technology groups such as CCIX and Gen-Z. “As artificial intelligence, machine learning and advanced analytics become the price of doing business in today’s digital era, huge volumes of data are now the norm,” Doug Balog, general manager for IBM Power, told Reuters. “It’s clear that today’s datacenters can no longer rely on one company alone to drive innovation,” Balog said. ASUS ZenBook 3 First Look Video Siachen Civilian Trek 2016 Bigg Boss 10 November 10 Review: Manoj Punjabi And Mona Lisa Get Close, Irritates Swami Om Rock On 2 Audience Reaction: Farhan Akhtar’s Movie Impresses People England Pile On The Runs In Rajkot; India Solid In Reply India Queues Up Outside ATMs Sahibabad Garment Factory Fire Kills 13 Worried About Replacing Rs 500 & Rs 1000 Notes? Don’t Fall For This Fraud Call Banks, Post Offices See Long Queues Of People For Exchange Of Rs 500, Rs 1000 Notes Kanhaiya Kumar: Condoms Could Be Found In JNU, But Not Its Missing Student People Outside Banks In Kolkata Here’s What The New Rs 2000 Note Looks Like Serpentine Queues Outside Banks To Exchange Rs 500, Rs 1,000 Notes 5 Reasons To Watch Rock On 2 Bigg Boss 10 November 9 Episode Review: No Maliks-Sevaks Anymore Also Read: Mark Zuckerberg needs a voice for his AI Jarvis, and Ironman just offered to do it Advanced Micro Devices Inc, Dell EMC, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co, Mellanox Technologies Ltd, Micron Technology Inc, NVIDIA Corp and Xilinx Inc are also members of the the OpenCAPI consortium. Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaPM Modi holds meeting with senior ministers on demonetisation process BusinessWhat jammed the ATM: Secrecy and no Plan B IndiaBear pain for 50 days, then punish me: PM Modi on demonetisation IndiaCollegium lists 7 High Court chief justices for elevation to Supreme Court Board exams today, hope, fear in Valley: ‘Can’t lose year’ EntertainmentIn Bigg Boss 10, Bani is the most selfish contestant: Navin Prakash opens up after eviction EntertainmentPadmavati will be extremely difficult, says Deepika Padukone EntertainmentSalman Khan, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan praise PM Modi on demonetisation EntertainmentKoffee With Karan 5: Twinkle Khanna's shocking revelations on the KJo's show Must Read SportsDraw for India, a moral victory for England SportsDid India miss a trick by rolling out a true track? SportsDemonetisation leaves players with ‘empty’ pockets TechnologyMicrosoft Office for Android will be supported on Chrome OS TechnologyWhatsApp for iOS gets GIF support TechnologyZopo Speed 8 review: Doesn’t justify the price tag  Deepika Padukone, Katrina Kaif, Kareena Kapoor: The best and worst dressed at this Bollywood awards show Nov 14: Latest News In Bigg Boss 10, Bani is the most selfish contestant: Navin Prakash opens up after eviction Quake disrupts New Zealand PM John Key’s travel plans Japan’s economy grows 2.2 per cent year-on-year in last quarter China property investment growth in October quickest in over two years Protests against Donald Trump continue in New York, Los Angeles, Philadelphia                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Mobile Roar 154: RIP Note 7, Pixel updates, Google Assistant, and more! Joe Fedewa Oct 14th, 2016 +5,029 SUBSCRIBE: Google Play | Sticher | iTunes | RSS | Download MP3 The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is once again in the news, and it’s not for good reasons. Joe and Chris discuss the latest recall and whether or not the Note 7 is one of the worst phones of all time. Other topics this week include Verizon updates for the Pixel phones, Google Assistant fun stuff, and more! Thanks for watching/listening! Top Stories Galaxy Note 7 is done Is it the worst Android phone of all time? Quick Hits Google will handle updates on Verizon Pixels Google Assistant runs fine on Nougat devices Duo replacing Hangouts in mandatory apps Android 7.1 Developer Preview coming later this month Samsung could ditch home button in Galaxy S8 Wins/Fails Joe: Google Assistant Easter eggs / Chris: Pokemon GO update / Pokemon GO Plus died in 25 days (not 100) and it sucks that I need it App Picks Joe: Climendo Chris: Flychat Emails & Tweets: (podcast [at] phandroid [dot] com), @mobileroarcast Follow Us Joe Fedewa (@tallshmo) Chris Chavez (@gamercore) Ashley King (@overlordror) local_offer    Google Assistant  Mobile Roar Podcast  Pixel  Pixel XL  Samsung Galaxy Note 7  Verizon   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (8) stars Further Reading The Verizon Pixel XL is delayed again Verizon launches BOGO deal Buy the Daydream View today! Third-party Google Assistant tools coming Samsung Canada offering S7 & S7 Edge for Note 7 returns videocam Top Trending Videoslaunch 1 play_circle_outline more_vertThis is ARA closeWe have Google’s secret Project Ara phone [VIDEO] Remember Project Ara? Google’s super secret modular smartphone that was supposed to set the world on fire? They killed and buried the project, but we did some digging… look what we’ve got our hands on: 2 play_circle_outline more_vertSnapchat Glasses Review [VIDEO] closeHands-on with Snapchat’s fun new video sunglasses [VIDEO] Early this morning, I made the hour-long commute to be one of the first to get their hands on Snap Inc.’s brand new Snapchat glasses. Here are our thoughts. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google adds fact-checking to news articles By Afp Published: 10:12 EST, 14 October 2016 | Updated: 10:12 EST, 14 October 2016 e-mail Google is adding "fact check" tags to its news articles, introducing the feature amid a US presidential race roiled by heated disputes over the accuracy of information. The move, announced Thursday, will allow readers on Google news applications and websites to click on links to check facts where claims have been evaluated by fact-check organizations. The new feature is being introduced amid a war over facts between many major media outlets and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. Google News "determines whether an article might contain fact checks" using an algorithm that evaluates claims and by seeking websites "that follow the commonly accepted criteria for fact checks" ©Leon Neal (AFP/File) It also aims to stem the spread of "fake" news that may spread through social media. "We're excited to see the growth of the fact-check community and to shine a light on its efforts to divine fact from fiction, wisdom from spin," Google news chief Richard Gingras said in a blog post. Google News "determines whether an article might contain fact checks" using an algorithm that evaluates claims and by seeking websites "that follow the commonly accepted criteria for fact checks," the statement said. Bill Adair, a Duke University journalism professor and founder of the Pulitzer Prize-winning site PolitiFact, called the Google announcement "a huge step for fact-checking." Trump has forced fact-checkers to work overtime with a seemingly relentless stream of untruths and exaggerations about his past, and he has hit back at the media for damning revelations. On Thursday, Trump savaged US media for reporting "outright lies" that he groped and forcibly kissed women who came forward to tell their stories to news outlets. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
null
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Follow Slashdot stories on Twitter   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 internet speed test! No Flash necessary and runs on all devices. × 86737425 story Google To Divide Its Index, Giving Mobile Users Better and Fresher Content (searchengineland.com) 113 Posted by msmash on Friday October 14, 2016 @09:00AM from the for-unexplained-reasons dept. Desktop Google searches could soon feel slightly out of touch compared to those done via smartphones as the company begins to push mobile search. Google has said it is fully splitting its search index into two versions: a rapid updated mobile one, and a secondary search index for the desktop web. SearchEngineLand reports: The news came today during a keynote address from Gary Illyes, a webmaster trends analyst with Google, at Pubcon. Illyes didn't give a timeline in his talk, but in a follow-up with Search Engine Land, he confirmed that it would happen within "months." Google first announced that it was experimenting with the idea of a mobile index last year at SMX East. Since that time, Google's clearly decided that a mobile index makes sense and is moving ahead with the idea. It's unclear exactly how the mobile index will work. For example, since the mobile index is the "primary" index, will it really not be used for any desktop queries? Will it only contain "mobile-friendly" content? How out-of-date will the desktop index be? Desktop usage is now a minority of Google queries but still generates substantial usage. The most substantial change will likely be that by having a mobile index, Google can run its ranking algorithm in a different fashion across "pure" mobile content rather than the current system that extracts data from desktop content to determine mobile rankings. google mobile search ← You may like to read: → DHS Warns of Mirai Botnet Threat To Cellular Modems Israel Meets With Google and YouTube To Discuss Censoring Videos Japanese Court Demands 'Right To Be Forgotten' For Sex Offender The Rise and Fall of the Gopher Protocol Publisher Is Pretty Sure Google Could End Piracy Censorware Failure: Kiddle's "Child-Safe" Search Engine OpenCAPI: Google and IBM Lead Tech Consortium To Speed Data Centre Performance This discussion has been archived. No new comments can be posted. Google To Divide Its Index, Giving Mobile Users Better and Fresher Content More Login Google To Divide Its Index, Giving Mobile Users Better and Fresher Content Archived Discussion Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 113 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. What's the point? (Score:3, Insightful) by phresno ( 677793 ) writes: on Friday October 14, 2016 @09:02AM (#53075591) Won't this simply push desktop users to use the mobile site, and if needs be, spoof their browser identifier? Share twitter facebook linkedin Re:What's the point? (Score:4, Insightful) by geekmux ( 1040042 ) writes: on Friday October 14, 2016 @09:42AM (#53075755) Won't this simply push desktop users to use the mobile site, and if needs be, spoof their browser identifier? Speaking of the point, let's be clear here. Users won't get "pushed" in any direction that isn't set up as the default anyway, because we all know that users are too damn lazy to put forth an effort otherwise. Spoof the browser? Yeah right. Unless that additional effort is going to unlock more Netflix content, users won't be doing that shit either. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:1) by phresno ( 677793 ) writes: That's exactly what I'm driving at. If the content and experience is better on the mobile version, assuming it's not prioritizing mobile only content, why wouldn't users want the better set of results. Push may not be the operative word. Semantics aside, Google didn't become popular because it was the default option in a browser. The fight for 'default search' status came after Google gained popularity against other large search engines. Re:What's the point? (Score:4, Insightful) by hodet ( 620484 ) writes: on Friday October 14, 2016 @10:44AM (#53076059) "... If the content and experience is better on the mobile version." That will be a cold day in hell. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by L2 ( 30258 ) writes: You mean like this [wikipedia.org]? It's where Lucifer lives in Dante's center of hell (engraving by Gustave Dore). It's rather cold. Looks like he's on hold, waiting for the furnace repairman. Re: (Score:1) by castus ( 4552487 ) writes: why wouldn't users want the better set of results Because the are lazy and don't care. They just want to google something and get some kind of result (or an ad, I'm not sure if they can tell the difference). Re: What's the point? (Score:1) by Ian Thomas ( 3931395 ) writes: For that matter what do they mean by mobile. What about tablets and ultrabooks that without any issues render the desktop or mobile version of a site without any problems, which index are they going to be placed on. What is going to be part of this new mobile index? Searches through the Google app or will using the website through a browser also work? What about if I set my browser to request the desktop version of sites? For situations like when I'm using wikia or certain forum sites that purposly hobble 1 reply beneath your current threshold. browser arch (Score:3) by KiloByte ( 825081 ) writes: Won't this simply push desktop users to use the mobile site, and if needs be, spoof their browser identifier? Well, I do the exact opposite: when connecting from an ARM computer, be it a laptop or a SoC, I get a useless "mobile" pages on many websites. Some will notice NoScript and redirect to the normal version because javascript is ubiquitely required for mobile crap, but for many, you need to spoof for sanity. Re: (Score:2) by skids ( 119237 ) writes: A browser "open in tab as mobile device" option seems more inevitable each passing year, sadly. Re: (Score:2) by ShanghaiBill ( 739463 ) writes: This would be the greatest thing ever. open as "iPad", open as "iPhone 6s", etc. Yes, that would be really slick, not just for usability, but also for testing. Re: (Score:2) by kelemvor4 ( 1980226 ) writes: This would be the greatest thing ever. open as "iPad", open as "iPhone 6s", etc. Yes, that would be really slick, not just for usability, but also for testing. There are already user agent switcher addons for firefox and chrome. You'll probably have to add your own user agent strings for newer mobile browsers, though. Re: (Score:1) by castus ( 4552487 ) writes: It seems inevitable because it has already happened. https://developers.google.com/... [google.com] 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by NotQuiteReal ( 608241 ) writes: I often have my phone identify as a desktop browser so that sites look familiar... now I have to switch back and forth for the "best" search? And what does StartPage look like to Google? 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re:What's the point? (Score:4, Informative) by friesofdoom ( 3817155 ) writes: on Friday October 14, 2016 @01:41PM (#53077175) Holy crap. The amount of effort I have put in trying to make my mobile browser consistently retrieve the desktop versions of pages, making the desktop browser willingly request the mobile version is purely unfathomable to me. I think I would actually rather die. But on the bright side this might be the queue for some of the other search engines to step up their game and reclaim some of the desktop market... Fuck google. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by sittingnut ( 88521 ) writes: Won't this simply push desktop users to use the mobile site, and if needs be, spoof their browser identifier? for good politically untampered and unmonitored search results switch out of google altogether . start with duckduckgo.com which has improved greatly during past year. Re: (Score:2) by sittingnut ( 88521 ) writes: if you are an ignorant born idiot that believe all the crap conspiracy theories that comes from clinton camp, don't trust duckduckgo, use google. enjoy fodder while you get fleeced like a good sheep. Re: (Score:1) by KingBenny ( 1301797 ) writes: uhuh, i thought about the same when i saw this , like curl the cruel [stackoverflow.com] but what im really wondering is why bother spliiting a search up into two's instead of one single optimized ... far be it from me to challenge the tek-savvy of the 1e100 but i dont know it seems i dunno ... sure there will be reasons ... sounds like discrimination to me if you ask me, probably a good reason for money hungry EU and US officials to suit up and law them with a court of tax or something 1 reply beneath your current threshold. They've created search anxiety!! (Score:2, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: What a daft idea. I'm sat at a £3000 computer but need to use my £100 phone to get the best results? Plus I'll have look twice as search anxiety will mean I'll worry about missing a result. After they dropped classic maps It's like they want people to use bing! Re: (Score:2) by houstonbofh ( 602064 ) writes: Dev machines that spin up VMs are not cheap. Lots of memory and fast drive arrays add up quick! Not to mention EDO motherboards... Just because you can see only one use for computers, does not mean that is all anyone else sees. And for the record, I am getting pissed at all of the companies trying to turn my 4 figure desktop into a damn phone! (MS Metro, Ubuntu Unity, ...) Re: (Score:2) by XanC ( 644172 ) writes: EDO? Either you're writing from 1995 (which also might explain the $3K desktop) or you mean ECC. Re: (Score:3) by Wycliffe ( 116160 ) writes: EDO? Either you're writing from 1995 (which also might explain the $3K desktop) or you mean ECC. The price of computers hasn't really dropped much in recent years. Mostly what has dropped is the specs. Most current laptops are what were considered "netbooks" a few years ago. I was shocked recently when I tried to upgrade my laptop which I bought 6-7 years ago for around $800. Almost every laptop I looked at had considerably worse specs than what I currently use. In order to get something with similar processing speed, I am going to have to spend over $1000 and probably closer to $2000 and even mor Re: They've created search anxiety!! (Score:2) by corychristison ( 951993 ) writes: I am not the only one! I'm not even a speed demon, but I have a fairly basic list of necessities in a laptop, and i keep finding crap after crap. In 2012 I got an HP Envy 6-1030 with an AMD CPU. It was stupid cheap, close to CAD $300. It came with a slow 500GB 5400RPM drive, 4GB RAM, dual core cpu, decent graphics. I upgraded the RAM and put in an SSD over time. Still using it today as it works for my needs. Now I'm on the hunt for a new one. Hoping to get one with 8GB RAM and an SSD, but willing toto upgrade Re: (Score:2) by HockeyPuck ( 141947 ) writes: I was shocked recently when I tried to upgrade my laptop which I bought 6-7 years ago for around $800. Almost every laptop I looked at had considerably worse specs than what I currently use. Citation please that a 6-7year old laptop is a better value than what you can buy now. Re: (Score:2) by Shirley Marquez ( 1753714 ) writes: There is some truth to that. Recent laptop development has prioritized battery life rather than CPU performance. Even if you buy something with an i7 CPU, it's probably an ultra low voltage part that only has two cores and is no faster than the CPU in your seven year old laptop. On the bright side, the new system is two pounds lighter and runs twice as long on batteries (three times as long if you stream video because the new one does video decoding in hardware), and once you're up over $700 it probably has Re: (Score:2) by Wycliffe ( 116160 ) writes: There is some truth to that. Recent laptop development has prioritized battery life rather than CPU performance. Even if you buy something with an i7 CPU, it's probably an ultra low voltage part that only has two cores and is no faster than the CPU in your seven year old laptop. On the bright side, the new system is two pounds lighter and runs twice as long on batteries (three times as long if you stream video because the new one does video decoding in hardware) Yep. Exactly what I discovered. My 7 year old laptop has 4 cores with threading so shows up as 8 cores. When I look at it's passmark scores, it beats out most of the sub $1k laptops on the market. Battery life is not an issue for me as I need it portable but I always have AC so even if I'm at a coffee shop I just plug it in. The battery life of my phone is another issue but for my laptop, even a sub 1 hour charge (or even batteryless) would be sufficient for my day to day needs. There is still one sub-genre of the laptop market that is putting the emphasis on performance: gaming laptops. Yep, I'm currently lookin Re: (Score:2) by houstonbofh ( 602064 ) writes: Yes, ECC. Brain gut stick in a rift in the space time continuum... :) Re: (Score:2) by cjjjer ( 530715 ) writes: That's because you are in the minority and most consumers just want a Fisher Price interface. Re: (Score:2) by ITRambo ( 1467509 ) writes: Most will use what they see, even if they hate it. Re: (Score:2) by ShanghaiBill ( 739463 ) writes: Dev machines that spin up VMs are not cheap. Lots of memory and fast drive arrays add up quick! Not to mention EDO motherboards I run VMs from a thumb drive on my 2012 laptop, and the performance is fine. There is no perceptible UI lag. Re: (Score:2) by houstonbofh ( 602064 ) writes: Well, I am running 10 or so that have to interact with each other. That is what real testing is about... The VMs alone use about 12 gig of ram when I am being stingy. Really need more like 20 gig for best performance... 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by lhowaf ( 3348065 ) writes: I think the mobile index is best suited for information consumers while the desktop index is better suited for information producers. I'm fine using the dumbshit index while on-the-go but I want real results when I'm working at the desktop. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Do I have to use the awful AMP service? (Score:2) by ZiakII ( 829432 ) writes: Their mobile service is awful as it keeps sending you to the awful abomination known as AMP. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by houstonbofh ( 602064 ) writes: There's nowhere to go but down for Doubleclick/google. Well, since they are on top, yes... Hard to get "on top'er..." Now it is all about keeping on top, which is a more cautious goal. Why not just have the rapidly updated one? (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: What's the point of even having dissonance in their search results? Re: (Score:2) by bjwest ( 14070 ) writes: an aggressive move to help kill the desktop market to drive people towards using devices google makes more $ off of I highly doubt there's over one percent of desktop users who would give up the desktop because they can't use Google reliably any longer. What I foresee is someone (perhaps one if these desktop using dinosaurs?) developing a Google mobile search plugin for browsers. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. "Better" or just "Different"? (Score:5, Interesting) by AthanasiusKircher ( 1333179 ) writes: on Friday October 14, 2016 @09:23AM (#53075667) I'm confused by this. Is Google really going to make it's mobile search "better" or more "up-to-date," which not improving the desktop version? What's the motivation here -- to annoy desktop users? Or is this more about optimization of some sort, i.e., that mobile users perhaps "prefer" different types of results (according to Google's algorithms), so they're trying to provide those mobile users with something a little more customized? Well, regardless, I've never understood Google ever since they broke verbatim search (the ways it breaks have gotten progressively worse over the last 10 years or so). I can understand that most folks can't figure out how to use actual full-text search. But for those of us who actually do know and realize it's generally the most efficient and fastest way to find precisely tailored results, I don't understand why Google wouldn't even provide an option. Oh well... (P.S. For those of you who still think "verbatim" exists, it fails in all sorts of cases. Trust me, or go to the Google discussion forums about this and you'll see thousands of complaints about where it fails. You can try the intext: or allintext: operators, which are generally better than Google's current version of verbatim, but they still break in all sorts of unpredictable ways.) Share twitter facebook linkedin Just "Worse" (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Google is apparently following in Apple's footsteps, doing everything it can to make its products worse. Apple's removal of the headphone jack is only one of many "screw you" practices. Today I learned that Android Marshmallow no longer supports mounting the phone as usb storage, requiring you to use MTP protocol app to copy your files to the desktop. Thus destroying pretty much the only use case for a phone other than dialing. Now Google no longer wants desktop users to use its search. Am I surprized? No. Re: (Score:2) by castus ( 4552487 ) writes: Can I have all the information they have collected about me refunded? Re: (Score:2) by jhecht ( 143058 ) writes: The more opaque Google gets, the harder it becomes to rely on their searches. User-specified options would help. Do you want a person, a place, a product? Do you want a fact search with a mobile display because you're discussing some arcane bit of history with a friend? As long as Google controls all the options, the search process remains opaque and becomes increasingly difficult to interpret. Re: (Score:3) by houstonbofh ( 602064 ) writes: I love how it drops out the most important key word because there are not enough results... "Ubuntu? Who uses that. I will show you Win7 results instead..." Re: (Score:2) by dinfinity ( 2300094 ) writes: That is absolutely the most infuriating thing ever. Even after having just added a certain keyword to refine the search, Google sometimes plainly refuses to include it in the top results and shows me the same list I just clearly indicated did not answer my query by adding another keyword. Re: (Score:2) by swillden ( 191260 ) writes: I can understand that most folks can't figure out how to use actual full-text search. But for those of us who actually do know and realize it's generally the most efficient and fastest way to find precisely tailored results I'm not convinced that this is the case. Actual full-text search is great when you're looking for something which will match very few pages, which is true only if the precise set of terms being searched for is rare, either because some of the terms are rare, or because their particular combination is rare. If neither of those are true, then what you really need is a search engine that can understand the context of your query, and give you that. And that is precisely what Google is evolving towards. The wa Re: (Score:2) by thegarbz ( 1787294 ) writes: What's the motivation here -- to annoy desktop users? Maybe the opposite. Remember Google's next move is going to affect the pagerank of search results which don't provide a mobile interface. As a desktop user I couldn't care less about this. It makes sense to split the rankings. Re: (Score:3) by green1 ( 322787 ) writes: As a mobile user, I prefer sites which do NOT have a mobile interface. I have never found a single website that is better with it's "mobile" version than it's full version on my phone. It is ALWAYS better to have the full desktop site on my phone. Every single time. If I could down rank every single "mobile compatible" page I would. Re: (Score:2) by thegarbz ( 1787294 ) writes: Really? I find thousands. From simple things like being unable to log in, or have either text or content obscured by the layout, to completely broken layouts, or even simple things like not wanting to load a 10MB page on my mobile contract (check how much traffic it uses loading the Slashdot home page on a browser vs a phone and then look at how lean Slashdot on the desktop is compared to most of the web). If you think it's always better then you can firmly sit in the crazy camp. Use a user agent switching e Re: (Score:2) by iampiti ( 1059688 ) writes: It's part of a concerted effort of major tech companies to make the desktop experience suck. Microsoft is a huge believer of this strategy, their contributions include: forcing parts of UI in Windows to always show touch-optimized interfaces despite the device is running on having no touch screen, making some programs and services so that they can't be turned off (Cortana), pushing ads on PCs, etc. I get that desktop users are (on their way to being) a minority, I don't ask for preferential treatment just g 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by geekmux ( 1040042 ) writes: Probably because it is every couple of seconds. An attack would be orders of magnitude larger than thousands per second. The stupid criminal storms into the bank, yelling at everyone and demanding money while waiving a gun around. The smart criminal creeps in silently, and takes your valuables when you're not expecting it. Not every attack is stupid in nature, and your analysis of this still does not provide an answer. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by houstonbofh ( 602064 ) writes: When DDOS started following robots.txt let me know... Re: (Score:2) by KingMotley ( 944240 ) writes: First, if your site can't handle a hit every couple of seconds, you need to throw it away. Second, there is this little file called robots.txt that you should read about. With it, you can tell the spider how quickly it should crawl your site, and what parts it should crawl. With a sitemap, you can even tell it how often each page is likely to change. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Mobile apps (Score:3) by codeButcher ( 223668 ) writes: on Friday October 14, 2016 @09:36AM (#53075729) The idea is to install a mobile app. Same as with e.g. FB - there are www and m website versions, but also apps. Same with many other companies. Why? Because an app can have access to more data on your mobile, which a website can't (yet) reach. At least, that's what I think. Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by 93 Escort Wagon ( 326346 ) writes: The idea is to install a mobile app. They've offered a mobile app for years - I just don't think very many people use it (because why would you install an app for a web search?) 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by houstonbofh ( 602064 ) writes: Because an app can have access to more data on your mobile, which a website can't (yet) reach. One reason I do not install apps. And when you strip functionality because I am on a phone, I will stop using it, not install the app... Re: (Score:2) by codeButcher ( 223668 ) writes: And when you strip functionality because I am on a phone, I will stop using it, not install the app... Exactly. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. User setting (Score:2) by John Allsup ( 987 ) writes: Have number of such indexes, default defferently for desktop vs mobile, but let the user have ultimate choice. Net neutrality be damned, I guess. (Score:3) by mark-t ( 151149 ) writes: <markt.nerdflat@com> on Friday October 14, 2016 @09:46AM (#53075775) Journal Particularly since you don't exactly tell the 600 lb gorilla on the bus where they can't sit. Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by wbr1 ( 2538558 ) writes: How does this have anything to do with net neutrality? NN is about treating packets the same, not search results. A company providing search results is under no obligation to fairly treat search results, as is evidenced by promoted results appearing above actual results. The option here is to go to another search provider if you do not like it. With NN, the object is to protect network users from their traffic being deprioritized in ways they cannot control. Re: (Score:2) by thegarbz ( 1787294 ) writes: What the hell has this got to do with net neutrality? If you believe that we should force identical content to be delivered to desktops and mobiles we either would have screwed up the desktop, killed the smartphone on its inception. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. +4 Insightful (Score:2) by downright ( 1625607 ) writes: Google is a snorky dingle dong with the face of a butt. Re: (Score:2) by GrumpySteen ( 1250194 ) writes: That's not Google you're looking at. It's a mirror. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Anti-competitive? (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Am I the only one that sees this as a move to punish desktop users (where Google has no usage quota) and reward mobile users (where Google has the biggest share)? If Microsoft did this, we would be all over them for it - and with a reason. Why do Google and Apple get away with making anti-competitive moves that only hurt users? 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Remove restrictions (Score:5, Insightful) by Actually, I do RTFA ( 1058596 ) writes: on Friday October 14, 2016 @10:58AM (#53076137) Right now Google lower-ranks your site for a variety of reasons relating to "but it doesn't work on a phone [crying sound]." While it makes sense to optimize for a phone normally (if trying to reach the largest audience), there are many cases where it actually hurts the site. I wonder if this means that the desktop index will remove those prioritization, allowing some of the old, but gold, content to bubble back up. Also, I think Google using their monopoly power to decide how "popular" or "relevant" your site is to a search by if it cottons to their favored development styles is a pretty clear anti-trust violation. Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2, Redundant) by green1 ( 322787 ) writes: Right now Google lower-ranks your site for a variety of reasons relating to "but it doesn't work on a phone [crying sound]." While it makes sense to optimize for a phone normally (if trying to reach the largest audience), there are many cases where it actually hurts the site. And by "many" times, you mean, "every single time" right? I have NEVER, not a single time, found a "mobile" version of a webpage that I like better on my phone than the full desktop version. Mobile sites need to die a horrible death. I wonder if this means that the desktop index will remove those prioritization, allowing some of the old, but gold, content to bubble back up. If true, I will definitely find a way to get my phone to use the desktop index, because if there's any possible way to eliminate "mobile friendly" sites from destroying the browsing experience on my phone, I'm all for it! 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Steering people to Andromeda (Score:2) by ITRambo ( 1467509 ) writes: Google might be priming the pump for PC users to move to Andromeda, once Android is fully mated with Chromebooks. Mobile search will likely work perfectly on Google OS's. Google, Microsoft, and Apple all suck these days. Not one of them takes user experiences seriously. You get what they want you to have, not what you really want. Fuck mobile (Score:2, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: First it ruined web "design" by giving us huge fonts, mystery navigation and full width text. Now it's going to ruin search too? I'm gonna make my own internet, and none of you millenial shitsters are invited. Re: (Score:2) by green1 ( 322787 ) writes: Why should the CSS be different? Should my tablet really be forced in to a different version of the page than my netbook when they have basically the same screen size? There is NEVER an excuse for offering a different page to mobile users than desktop users, NEVER. Every single time it provides a worse experience. EVERY time. the crawl (Score:3) by epine ( 68316 ) writes: on Friday October 14, 2016 @12:20PM (#53076679) This might actually be more about the crawl than the index. The mobile index could be set to crawl content in mobile format only, and more often. What makes freshness important, in the first place? Mostly celebrity gossip, and the retail deal of the hour. Neither of those are functions people do much on PCs anyway. Still, if Google decides not to keep long-form content reasonably fresh (if not fresher) in their desktop index, it foreshadows a Yahooesque self-inflicted extinction event of their traditional core brand. Share twitter facebook linkedin BACKWARDS (Score:2) by WolfgangVL ( 3494585 ) writes: Is it upside down day at googlopia? People still use Google? o_O (Score:1) by Rademir ( 168324 ) writes: (rimshot) Pinterest (Score:2) by bjwest ( 14070 ) writes: What Google needs to go is provide an easy way to eliminate Pinterest results. That god damn site is taking over search restults, and it's useless without signing up. #fuckpinterest The sky is not falling (Score:2) by Tony Isaac ( 1301187 ) writes: The unemployment rate for software developers is somewhere around 2.6%. That is a rate so low, that if you're a decent developer and can't get a job, you're doing it wrong, or perhaps living in the wrong city. When I had to look for a job this past summer, I was able to get interviews with four different companies within a couple of weeks, and was hired in a couple more, and that's despite being 50 years old! It's always stressful to be in a layoff. I've been in several myself. But we're certainly not in 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 8 replies beneath your current threshold. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 529 commentsIsrael Meets With Google and YouTube To Discuss Censoring Videos 292 commentsJapanese Court Demands 'Right To Be Forgotten' For Sex Offender 225 commentsThe Rise and Fall of the Gopher Protocol 216 commentsPublisher Is Pretty Sure Google Could End Piracy 197 commentsCensorware Failure: Kiddle's "Child-Safe" Search Engine next OpenCAPI: Google and IBM Lead Tech Consortium To Speed Data Centre Performance 11 comments previous DHS Warns of Mirai Botnet Threat To Cellular Modems 21 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Archived Discussion Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 100 of 113 loaded Submit Story Nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong. FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2016 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
RSS | Free Trial Home | Advertise | About | Contact Subscribe Sign In Heritage Florida Jewish News - Central Florida's Independent Jewish Voice   Reader Comments (0)  Print     Home News Local National World Opinions Features Scene Around Life Cycles B'nai mitzvah B'not Mitzvah Bat Mitzvah Birth Engagements Obituraries Wedding Calendar Special Sections Back to School Celebration Chanukah Financial Health & Fitness Lifestyles Passover Rosh Hashanah Savvy Seniors Legal Notices Advertise Directory   By Gloria Yousha  Scene Around   October 14, 2016 | Year 41, No. 06 Lisa Levine with her mother, Marilyn Levine. "Don't be evil Google"?... I read this in the current issue of World Jewish Congress (WJC) digest and pass it along to you: "The World Jewish Congress called it 'scandalous' that the world's largest Internet company, Google Inc ., is failing to remove thousands of neo-Nazi hate videos from its video platform YouTube. An investigative report broadcast on German television found that many video clips which incite violence against Jews, Muslims, Blacks and refugees remain easily accessible on YouTube. WJC CEO and Executive Vice President ROBERT SINGER said: Google's company motto is 'Don't be evil'. But it becomes increasingly apparent that Google has no problem with allowing evil to spread on its YouTube platform. Google likes to give lofty assurances that hateful and racist content has no place on YouTube, yet it is quite obvious that they don't act to keep such content off their platforms. Google has been put on notice many times, and it has known about the extent of the problem for years. By failing to act, it is helping in the proliferation of racist and anti-Semitic propaganda on the internet. We therefore urge them: Don't be evil, don't abet evil-act against evil. In April, the WJC sent a letter to Google Germany asking the company to remove songs of the German neo-Nazi band Kommando Freisler. While 11 clips were deleted by YouTube, thousands of other versions continue to be available on the service. Remembering Jewish history... In September of 1941 at Babi Yar, a ravine on the outskirts of Kiev, Nazi "Einsatzgruppen" , mobile killing squads shot and buried nearly 34,000 Jews in a two-day period. In August 1943, with the Red Army advancing, the Nazis dug up the bodies from the mass graves of Baby Yar and burned them in an attempt to remove the evidence of mass murder. Today, Babi Yar has come to symbolize the horrific murder of Jews as well as the persistent failure of the world to acknowledge this Jewish tragedy. A Jewish Pavilion Mensch... I received the following email from the Jewish Pavilion: "LISA LEVIN is a wonderful mensch. (See photo above of Lisa and her mother, MARILYN LEVINE.) Lisa's mother moved to Orlando to live near Lisa. Soon after Marilyn settled in at Oakmonte Village, Lisa became involved by volunteering at bi-weekly Shabbat services. With great appreciation to Lisa for her dedication to the Jewish Pavilion and to 40 or more of her mother's neighbors and friends, she is very valuable as a volunteer. While Lisa feels helpful and enjoys getting to know her mom's friends, Marilyn feels proud showing off her daughter who is truly a wonderful and kind woman." And speaking of the Jewish Pavilion... On Sunday, Oct, 23 at 2 p.m ., the Jewish Pavilion will hold "Sunday in the Park," a fall festival at Cranes Roost Park in Altamonte Springs. There will be food and beverages, entertainment and prizes! Featured will be "The British Invasion," the Beatles Tribute Band. You are welcome to bring your friends. If you purchase 12 tickets you will receive 2 free! The cost of a ticket prior to Oct. 20th is $20. It will be $25 at the event. Proceeds enhance the lives of our elders. To become a sponsor or vendor or for any information, phone 407-678-9363 or on the Internet go to the following http://www.jewishpavilion.org or info@jewishpavilion.org. (See you there!) One for the road... Sadie goes to see her rabbi and complains about her bad headaches. She whines, cries, and talks about her poor living conditions for hours. All of a sudden, Sadie shouts, overjoyed, "Rabbi, your holy presence has cured me! My headache is gone!" To which the rabbi replies, "No Sadie, it is not gone. I have it now." MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed 1. An open letter to anti-... 2. Reality check: Obama's ... 3. Why the Jewish Pavilion... 4. Weekly roundup of world... 5. RAISE enters its third ... MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed No comments have been posted You might be interested in: We're all from the same planet Scene Around Having that 'aha' moment in genealogy research Eight 'Jewish' shows to watch this fall Charge on into meaningful and beautiful Judaism!   Reader Comments (0) Add your comment       Heritage Florida Jewish News | PO Box 300742, Fern Park, FL 32730 Ph: (407) 834-8787 | info@heritagefl.com | www.heritagefl.com Content and information copyright 2016 Heritage Florida Jewish News Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software © Copyright 2016 Lions Light Corp. — Software for newspapers & magazines Sitemap | Privacy | Terms of Use | Submit Content | Mobile Browser Rendered 10/14/2016 07:39
Leisure Home LBoard Chief Judge of Malaya to head panel in Indira case V Anbalagan Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Google adds fact-checking to news articles AFP | October 14, 2016 Google News "determines whether an article might contain fact checks" using an algorithm that evaluates claims and by seeking websites "that follow the commonly accepted criteria for fact checks," the statement said. WASHINGTON: Google is adding “fact check” tags to its news articles, introducing the feature amid a US presidential race roiled by heated disputes over the accuracy of information. The move, announced Thursday, will allow readers on Google news applications and websites to click on links to check facts where claims have been evaluated by fact-check organizations. The new feature is being introduced amid a war over facts between many major media outlets and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. It also aims to stem the spread of “fake” news that may spread through social media. “We’re excited to see the growth of the fact-check community and to shine a light on its efforts to divine fact from fiction, wisdom from spin,” Google news chief Richard Gingras said in a blog post. Google News “determines whether an article might contain fact checks” using an algorithm that evaluates claims and by seeking websites “that follow the commonly accepted criteria for fact checks,” the statement said. Bill Adair, a Duke University journalism professor and founder of the Pulitzer Prize-winning site PolitiFact, called the Google announcement “a huge step for fact-checking.” Trump has forced fact-checkers to work overtime with a seemingly relentless stream of untruths and exaggerations about his past, and he has hit back at the media for damning revelations. On Thursday, Trump savaged US media for reporting “outright lies” that he groped and forcibly kissed women who came forward to tell their stories to news outlets. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Fake PhDs: Ministry studying if this can be punished Ku Nan: BN has no links with Penang Front Party Explore topics Google, special ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Zuraida: Jamal’s nose bled because he lied Why is Jamal Yunos still in business? Jamal punched, two Bersih people hurt in scuffles Jamal to ‘repay in blood’ for bloody nose I don’t care, says Jamal about security What’s in a name? Padan muka ‘Pinocchio’, kata Zuraida kepada… BN: We are rectifying years of ‘neglect by… Israel PM backs bill to limit noise from mosques Projek Pelabuhan Melaka ada agenda ketenteraan China, lapor… ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB M’sians far from being an educated society What’s in a name? Kami dah lelah dengan politik Malaysia Cooking oil in numbers The fault, dear Malaysians, lies in ourselves Pakatan’s welcome for PPBM comes with conditions More... FMT Bahasa Laluan PH tumbang BN tanpa PAS sukar, kata penganalisis 20 wanita Thailand hilang selepas ditawarkan kerja di Johor Beri kerjasama kepada Switzerland siasat 1MDB, kata PAS Kami dah lelah dengan politik Malaysia Padan muka ‘Pinocchio’, kata Zuraida kepada Jamal Projek Pelabuhan Melaka ada agenda ketenteraan China, lapor akhbar Singapura More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Google Is Reminding New Yorkers to Register to Vote Today By John Bonazzo • 10/14/16 10:17am Any New Yorkers who visited the Google homepage this morning saw a personalized message reminding them that today is the last day to register to vote in the Empire State before the 2016 presidential election: Vote early, vote often! Screenshot Those who clicked on the message were directed to Google’s voter registration guide (available in English and Spanish), which provided a link to the state DMV website, where people can register using their driver’s license, permit, or non-driver ID. The DMV automatically forwards the registration form to the resident’s board of elections—they can check the New York State voter registration search engine to ensure their form was received. The Google service also includes step by step instructions for citizens who want to register in person or by mail—this process must also be completed today. Any New Yorker who wants to vote must be a U.S. citizen who will be at least 18 years old on Election Day, November 8, and who resides in New York as of October 9. Prospective voters cannot be in prison or on parole for a felony conviction, be declared mentally incompetent by a court or claim the right to vote in another state. Do you meet the requirements? Screenshot Once they’ve completed the voter registration procedure, New Yorkers can get information about Election Day itself—polls will be open from 6 AM to 9 PM throughout the state (though anyone who requires an absentee ballot will need to submit an application by November 1, and mail their completed ballot so it’s postmarked by November 7). Anyone voting in person for the first time may need to show some form of ID (driver’s license, state ID, utility bill, bank statement or paycheck, among others). Voters can also search their street address to find their polling place and see their full ballot. If you live in the other 49 states, never fear—the New York page includes a dropdown menu where you can search for your state’s specific voter registration requirements as well. Facebook held a similar voter registration drive last month, which led to over 120,000 Californians registering to vote on a single day. Observer About Advertise Careers Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome And so it begins: Messenger expanding sponsored chats Leaders’ Insights: Anne O’Leary, Vodafone Ireland Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps Irish-based Hibernia Networks snapped up by GTT for $590m Google rubbishes EU claims that Android hurts mobile competition Business leaders fear what Trump presidency will mean for trade Irish Government appeals against €13bn EU ruling Twitter shuffles deck as COO Adam Bain walks, Anthony Noto takes role The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies What is the rest of the world searching about Donald Trump? Robots are primed to change industry… any day now Netflix customers: Watch out for the latest scam Facebook’s data-sharing WhatsApp plan suffers fresh blow Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Siro claims 36,500 FTTH homes as 1Gbps fibre race steps up a gear Eir CEO Richard Moat: ‘Telcos are turning into media companies’ The Big Upgrade: How to make Three plus O2 equal one network Virgin sends a fibre broadband boost to 2,000 homes in Tullamore Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund OpenBack wins €25,000 ESB Spark of Genius 2016 prize CurrencyFair raises €8m and bulks up leadership team Alan Siegel of Siegelvision reveals 3 things he uses to evaluate a brand Hate queueing for petrol? There’s an app for that ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain CoderWomen: How to help adults catch up with the kids Leaders’ Insights: Donnacha O’Riordan, MCCI Science and social responsibility: An ongoing discussion Chinese builders nearly destroy undiscovered ‘mud dragon’ dinosaur with dynamite Offaly is set to be home to a ‘treemendous’ ecological wonder Irish researcher awarded €8.8m to develop inhaler for lung disease Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas BMW: ‘Supercomputers, AI and 5G crucial to make self-driving real’ ‘Harry Potter invisibility cloak’ developed for photonic chips Facebook’s AI revolution will start with Picasso-like photo filters Booking.com’s Gillian Tans: ‘AI is the future of travel’ China research team smashes quantum cryptography record New morphing aeroplane wing is covered by scale-like skin How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth College & Beyond event helps young women develop STEM careers How unusual recruitment methods attract better candidates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? How do top companies attract top talent? Want a career in software? These are the most important skills Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Fjord’s Mark Curtis: ‘Design thinking must not become a management fad’ Alan Siegel of Siegelvision reveals 3 things he uses to evaluate a brand Have we reached peak sharing economy? We’re now reinventing capitalism with something called Peers Inc Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway Storyful plans job growth as it opens new Dublin office Hundreds of sci-tech jobs announced across 9 companies in Ireland IoT company Smartfrog to fill 35 new jobs in Dublin An AOL internship: More than just coffee and hackathons Cybersecurity player Integrity360 to create 150 jobs in Dublin ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male 10 amazing images that bagged wildlife photography awards Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity Samsung pins its hopes on AI assistant in Galaxy S8 WhatsApp about to steal some of Snapchat’s ideas Huawei Mate 9 enters the fray as the Note7 smoke settles You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first See how Earth’s population grew over time Interactive map shows over 35,000 fishing vessels at work on the world’s oceans ALL How can colleges ensure everyone gets a chance? Is ‘Peers Inc’ the latest industrial revolution? How social media helped save codebreaking’s true home David Hennessy: Making Three plus O2 equal one The working life is changing fast, companies need to catch up Nora Khaldi on being both a scientist and an engineer ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT LIFE Google News rolling out fact check tag ahead of US election by Colm Gorey 14 Oct 20162 Shares Image: enterlinedesign/Shutterstock In the hope of limiting the spread of false information, Google News is rolling out a fact check tag to help newsreaders find quick access to articles that fact check spin and propaganda. The ability to fact check the news in real time has been something of a problem for politicians making outlandish claims at debates; so much so, that US presidential nominee Hillary Clinton runs her own fact-checking page about her rival Donald Trump. The same goes for Google News, one of the largest news aggregators online, that will now try to shine a light through the fog of misleading headlines using its tagging system. Much like when it identifies an opinion piece or a highly cited source, stories that feature in-depth or quick fact checks of claims made by organisations or politicians will have their own ‘Fact Check’ label. In a blog post, Google’s head of news Richard Gingras said that Google News now determines whether an article might contain fact checks in part by looking for the schema.org ClaimReview markup. Google News also looks for sites that follow the commonly accepted criteria for fact checks. There are a few criteria that Google lists for publishers to follow in order to get their fact-checking content listed on Google News. An example of Fact Check in action. Image: Google Rocky relationship Discrete claims and checks must be easily identified in the body of fact-check articles for readers to understand what was checked, and what conclusions were reached. In the case of Hillary Clinton running her own fact-checking page, it would not be eligible to be listed under the fact check tag as it must be nonpartisan, with transparent funding and affiliations. It isn’t widespread just yet, with the UK and US the first countries to try it, but Google plans to roll out the tag to other countries in the coming months. “We’re excited to see the growth of the Fact Check community and to shine a light on its efforts to divine fact from fiction, wisdom from spin,” Gingras said. Major tech companies and news have not had a steady relationship of late, particularly Facebook, who took steps to firing its human news aggregators over claims that it demoted conservative news in its Trending section. Related: social media, media, Google Colm Gorey is a journalist with Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Play Facebook algorithm change will drown out clickbait stories 5 Aug 201633 Shares Hiring Now Informing, entertaining and connecting the world Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share Always at the cutting edge of new innovation Life-changing career opportunities for you Companies Secret digital agency kickbacks scandal is about to hit Europe 9 Sep 2016598 Shares Trending Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first 4 days ago81 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Play Allo, Allo? Google brings AI to battle against WhatsApp 21 Sep 20168 Shares Start-ups Lottie Doll maker Arklu wins Google Adopt A Startup 13 Jul 201671 Shares Start-ups Irishman’s social network Player.me acquired by e-sports giant XSplit 14 Jul 2016119 Shares Latest News Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook 17 hours ago Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps 1 day ago The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook 1 day ago Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden 1 day ago In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ 1 day ago In a dark week, we find light in career development 1 day ago Leaders’ Insights: Donnacha O’Riordan, MCCI 1 day ago Irish-based Hibernia Networks snapped up by GTT for $590m 1 day ago Science and social responsibility: An ongoing discussion 1 day ago I have just graduated. What do I do now? 1 day ago To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential 1 day ago Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? 1 day ago India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies 1 day ago Chinese builders nearly destroy undiscovered ‘mud dragon’ dinosaur with dynamite 1 day ago Google rubbishes EU claims that Android hurts mobile competition 1 day ago Design thinking brought to a new level through VR 1 day ago Offaly is set to be home to a ‘treemendous’ ecological wonder 1 day ago Business leaders fear what Trump presidency will mean for trade 1 day ago Irish researcher awarded €8.8m to develop inhaler for lung disease 1 day ago Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase 2 days ago Every job is unique in 3D design and printing 2 days ago What do you need to do to become a super boss? 2 days ago Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas 2 days ago Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund 2 days ago More from Life Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE Search in Pics: Google test tube pencils, basketball & SEO mud Barry Schwartz on October 14, 2016 at 8:52 am More In this week’s Search In Pictures, here are the latest images culled from the web, showing what people eat at the search engine companies, how they play, who they meet, where they speak, what toys they have and more. Google basketball court: Source: Instagram Google indoor office swing: Source: Instagram Dead sea SEO mud: Source: Instagram Google test tube pencils: Source: Instagram About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Channel: IndustrySearch In Pictures Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Google Panda demotes or adjusts your rankings down — it does not devalue Gary Illyes from Google told us Google's new Penguin 4.0 algorithm devalues spam, ignores it -- but Panda demotes the spam by adjusting the rankings down. Barry Schwartz on October 14, 2016 at 9:38 am More In part two of our interview with Gary Illyes of Google, Gary told us that the Google Panda algorithm demotes, or adjusts a site’s ranking down; it does not devalue or ignore the spam, like Penguin 4.0 does. Gary told us in the interview, when we asked about Panda devaluing versus demoting, “[S]o essentially, if you want a blunt answer, it will not devalue, it will actually demote.” As you may remember, Penguin 4.0 now devalues links by ignoring them, as opposed to demoting or penalizing the links. But that is not how Panda works. Gary said “… it is an adjustment. Basically, we figured that site is trying to game our systems, and unfortunately, successfully. So we will adjust the rank. We will push the site back just to make sure that it’s not working anymore.” Here is the audio snippet: Here is the transcript: Barry Schwartz: Well, since you brought up Panda, and I know I asked you this on Twitter, you didn’t give us a direct answer to it. … I asked specifically, does Panda devalue or demote or both. And you kind of implied it demotes. But can you like tell us straight up? Gary Illyes: Well, Panda is not a penalty. … Yeah, maybe in the beginning it was thought of as a penalty, but currently we don’t. … But we don’t think of Panda as a penalty now, but rather as an algorithm applied to sites … or sites as a whole. It measures the quality of a site pretty much by looking at the vast majority of the pages at least. But essentially allows us to take quality of the whole site into account when ranking pages from that particular site and adjust the ranking accordingly for the pages. So essentially, if you want a blunt answer, it will not devalue, it will actually demote. Barry Schwartz: OK, but it won’t promote it? Gary Illyes: No, I don’t think that [it] has the ability to promote. Barry Schwartz: And it’s looking at specific pages on the site, gathering all the pages across the side and saying based on all of these pages that we looked at for this site, 80 percent of them are pretty poor quality, thus we might go ahead and apply a Panda demotion of some sorts. Gary Illyes: Well, it is an adjustment. Basically, we figured that site is trying to game our systems, and unfortunately, successfully. So we will adjust the rank. We will push the site back just to make sure that it’s not working anymore. About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Channel: SEOGoogle: Panda Update 🐼Panda Update News Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
null
null
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Google News Rolls Out New Fact-Check Tag International Business Times 14/10/2016 Mary Pascaline © Provided by IBT US Google added a new “fact-check” tag to its Google News service Thursday. The tag will now appear among news search results with the service’s existing labels like opinion, local source and highly cited. Google News’ algorithm will use ClaimReview from schema.org to connect fact-checking stories to live news articles. Readers in the U.S. and U.K. can find facts in the expanded view of the articles on the web and mobile versions of Google News. “We’re excited to see the growth of the Fact Check community and to shine a light on its efforts to divine fact from fiction, wisdom from spin,” Google said in a blogpost. The service, which aggregates news stories, has rolled out the new fact-checking label less than a month before the U.S. goes to polls on Nov. 8. The tense presidential race has seen several instances where fact and fiction collide. Both nominees have been accused of misrepresenting facts. Google said in its blogpost that websites that meet the commonly accepted criteria for a fact-checking service can apply to have their service included. “If we find sites not following those criteria for the ClaimReview markup, we may, at our discretion, either ignore that site's markup or remove the site from Google News,” the service’s support page warned. The new label is currently available only for users based in the U.K. and the U.S. Go to MSN Home More in News NHS plans involving hospital closures 'kept secret from public' Press Association London-bound flight forced to land after stork-hit Evening Standard How IS improvised by moving underground Sky News 'World's saddest polar bear' gets happy ending Mirror Millennia-old mummy found in 'very good condition' Al Jazeera Trump promises to deport millions Sky News Up Next Theresa May sets out stall for UK's place in Trump’s world The Guardian More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from International Business Times Paris attacks and the rise of the French right-wing International Business Times SwiftKey for Android has a new update International Business Times Apple to launch 3 iPads in March 2017 International Business Times Nintendo finally confirms end of Wii U International Business Times International Business Times View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it 97m shares News Sport Trending Nutshell Home Trending Nutshell News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Celebrity Big Brother Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Search Metro Follow us Who is Mary Seacole and why is she today’s Google doodle? Simon Robb for Metro.co.ukFriday 14 Oct 2016 2:21 pm Mary Jane Seacole has been honoured by Google (Picture: Getty Images) Pioneering black nurse Mary Seacole has been honoured today with a Google doodle – but who is she? And why is she revered? In defence of studying Art History – the only truly liberal arts subject For starters, she was voted the most important black Briton in history. You may have heard of Florence Nightingale, who is considered the founder of modern nursing for her work during the Crimean War in the 1850s. Well, Mary Seacole was forgotten for almost a century, despite serving as a nurse in the same war and setting up her own ‘hotel’ to help the wounded. Where was she born? She was the daughter of a Scot who served in the British Army (Picture: Getty Images) She was born in Jamaica in 1805 to a Scottish soldier father who served in the British Army. Her mother was known as a healer (doctress) who used traditional Caribbean and African herbal remedies for the sick. Growing up she learnt all her nursing skills from her mother who ran a boarding house. What did she do in the Crimean War? She travelled to the war-torn region of Crimea by herself and set up a ‘British Hotel’ for injured soldiers in the town of Balaclava. This is what a million pumpkins looks like The hotel was built from driftwood, packing cases, iron sheets and other salvaged items like glass doors. She sold everything from handkerchiefs to champagne, as well as dispensing people’s medication. Was she famous at the time? Her work in the Crimea is often overshadowed by her contemporary Florence Nightingale (Picture: Getty Images) Yes. Many people knew who she was and her work was written about in a number of British newspapers. She was even acknowledged by Florence herself, who she met once in Scutari, Turkey. Speaking about Florence, Seacole said: ‘You must know… that Miss Nightingale is very fond of me. When I passed through Scutari, she very kindly gave me board and lodging.’ Did racism hold back her memory? It is argued that the main reason Seacole’s memory had faded was down to her race. Historians believe her landmark achievements remained hidden for so long due to racial attitudes in the 19th century. Novelist, Salman Rushdie referred to Seacole as an example of ‘hidden’ black history. He wrote: ‘See, here is Mary Seacole, who did as much in the Crimea as another magic-lamping lady, but, being dark, could scarce be seen for the flame of Florence’s candle.’ How do we remember her now? Google have honoured her with a doodle (Picture: Google) In 2004, Seacole was ranked the greatest black Briton ever in an online poll. Mum creates brilliant kid-friendly video that explains consent in a way everyone can understand She is also one of few black women that have been honoured with an English Heritage blue plaque. In June, a statue of the nursing heroine was unveiled outside St Thomas’ Hospital in London, a place that is also associated with Nightingale. And not forgetting today’s Google doodle, of course. MoreCrimeaFlorence NightingaleJamaica Woman who painted disabled bay outside her house is given £75 parking fine Croydon tram driver 'may have been texting' in crash that killed seven Sponsored13 reasons American ERs are so much sexier than our A&Es Royal mint worker stole £133,000 in gold shoved up his backside Sponsored13 coolest children's toys this year Cost of a pint could be about to go up by 30p MORE: Couple sell ‘more blacks, more dogs, more Irish’ t-shirts MORE: Jamaica to sell cannabis to tourists at airports MORE: Jamaica wants to scrap the Queen and legalise weed Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » BreakingNews Mass evacuation after two-metre tsunami hits New Zealand following earthquake Hate crimes soar across the US after Donald Trump elected Tsunami warning after massive earthquake hits New Zealand First ever Remembrance service held for fallen war horses UK's first ever ethnic minority judge, Mota Singh, dies aged 86More trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: UK › Jamaica Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending Nutshell MetroUK @MetroUK © 2016 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
null
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Wearable Technology/Gallery/Rumor Wearable Technology Google smartwatches with Android Wear 2.0 expected early 2017 By Brandon Russell | October 14, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Ahead of the Pixel event, there were murmurs suggesting Google would release new smartwatches imbued with powerful new software. But with no mention of wearables earlier this month and Android Wear 2.0 delayed, the discussion around these devices has been nonexistent. Until now. According to Evan Blass, Google’s two smartphones—Angelfish and Swordfish—are expected to be released early next year. What’s more, they’ll launch with Android Wear 2.0, which means their release will likely coincide with the completion of Google’s Android Wear update. With the rise of Google Assistant, you have to suspect the new AI technology will be a focal point of the upcoming wearable. That would put Assistant on two smartphones, two smartwatches, a messaging app, and Google Home. Google's two smartwatches will be released with Android Wear 2.0 in Q1 2017 [image courtesy of: https://t.co/so8uJyEZCy] pic.twitter.com/ruejqXSNSy — Evan Blass (@evleaks) October 13, 2016 One of the watches, Angelfish, is expected to support LTE and GPS, making it a powerful alternative to the Apple Watch. Android Wear has been out of the conversation for quite a while now, and with the unexpected delay of its latest update, Google has a lot of work in order to get it back into the conversation. “Made by Google” smartwatches just might be what the doctor ordered. Source EvanBlass Topics #Google #Android Wear 2.0 #Google Brandon Russell Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google Search Console Launches Simplified AMP Testing Tool Google Search Console Launches Simplified AMP Testing Tool Oct 14, 2016 • 7:16 am | (1) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next Story Google launched a new AMP testing tool yesterday within the Google Search Console. You can access it at https://search.google.com/search-console/amp. You basically plug in the AMP URL into the tool and let it run. I messed up and first plugged in my non AMP URL thinking it would auto detect the AMP canonical and use that, but it did not. So don't do what I did. I was a bit nervous when I saw this: Then I ran it again using the AMP URL and it was fine: The cool part of this tool is that it gives you almost everything AMP related on one page. You can get pass or fail You get your failure errors both in summary and in the source code You get an AMP preview look in the search results You get access to your structured data items related to AMP You get the documentation and more. Of, and of course, it is all mobile friendly. Here is the preview: Forum discussion at WebmasterWorld and Google+. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google AdSense Publisher Portal New Design Going Live   Comments: alanbleiweiss 10/14/2016 02:46 pm Different layout than the existing AMP validator on the AMPProject site. This one looks like the structured data testing tool. Haven't done any extensive testing, however the result appears to be identical to the AMPProject version. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/11/2016 08:39 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Best Practices for Indexable Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) Facebook Messenger 1.3 Now Allows Sponsored Messages Digital Point Forums Part time job Options How important is W3C validation for SEO? Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Search Video Recaps > Search Buzz Video Recap: Google Mobile Index, Penguin Destruction, Machine Learning & More Search Buzz Video Recap: Google Mobile Index, Penguin Destruction, Machine Learning & More Oct 14, 2016 • 8:50 am | (0) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Search Buzz Video Round Recap Prev Story Next Story This week in search, Google said they are launching their mobile only index within months and moving the desktop index as a secondary index. Google Penguin 4.0 is completely live now. Gary Illyes said Penguin can act to discount all your links, which can be devastating. Google said they are ready for those who try to manipulate Penguin 4.0. Google said Penguin looks at the link source and is not machine learning. Google algorithms do give labels to links, such as footer labels, disavow and Penguin labels. Google said Panda algorithm demotes, unlike Penguin that now devalues. Google said the use of machine learning in their algorithms is complicated. Google say look to measure unlinked citations. Google said international and multilingual links are not spammy by itself. Google Search Console launched a new AMP testing tool. Google AdSense is launching a new design for their portal. Finally, I published my monthly Google webmaster report. I am offline Monday and Tuesday of this week for a holiday. That was this past week in search at the Search Engine Roundtable. Make sure to subscribe to our video feed or subscribe directly on iTunes to be notified of these updates and download the video in the background. Here is the YouTube version of the feed: For the original iTunes version, click here. Search Topics of Discussion: Google To Launch Mobile Index In Months, Replacing Desktop Index As Secondary Google: Penguin 4.0 Now Completely Rolled Out Google: Penguin Can Discount All Your Links, Good Or Bad Google: We're Prepared For SEOs Trying To Manipulate Penguin 4.0 Google: Penguin Looks At The Page Where Your Links Come From (Link Source) Google: Penguin Doesn't Use Machine Learning Within The Algorithm Google Algorithms Labels Links As Penguin, Footer, Disavowed & More - Googlers Can Look Up Link Labels Google Panda Algorithm Does Adjust Rankings Down Unlike Penguin Sitelinks Demotion Tool Within Google Search Console Has Been Removed Google's Use Of Machine Learning In Ranking & Spam Algorithms Is Complicated Google's Algorithms & Signals Don't Forget, They Collect History Google May One Day Count Unlinked Citations For Search Rankings Google: International & Multilingual Links Are Not Seen As Spammy Google Search Console Launches Simplified AMP Testing Tool Google AdSense Publisher Portal New Design Going Live October 2016 Google Webmaster Report Please do subscribe via iTunes or on your favorite RSS reader. Don't forget to comment below with the right answer and good luck! Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Updated: Google: Penguin Can Discount All Your Links, Good Or Bad   Comments: No comments. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/11/2016 08:39 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Best Practices for Indexable Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) Facebook Messenger 1.3 Now Allows Sponsored Messages Digital Point Forums Quick logo contest @$10 (example included) best craigslist clone script for high traffic? bad experiences so far Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Phones Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > Mobile > Blog FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Pixel and Pixel XL Sold Through Google Store Will Be Rootable The smartphones will be released on October 20 Oct 14, 2016 13:10 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  Google announced its latest smartphones, the Pixel and Pixel XL, last week and pre-orders are already live at Google Store and Verizon. The two phones will be released on October 20 and Google has just announced that phones purchased from its stores will be rootable. Google stated for WonderHowTo that Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones bought from the company store will be rootable. A Google spokesperson has stated that the smartphones will ship with an unlockable bootloader. This means that the floodgates for custom recoveries and auto rooting tools will be available on day one and developers will most likely start working on them soon. Users will be able to run a few ADB commands in order to install a custom recovery to their Pixel phones. The report also mentions that the seamless updates feature found in Android Nougat won’t help with updates on a rooted device. This basically means that users won’t be able to apply regular OTA updates to rooted smartphones. "Rooting involves modifying partitions on the phone. If the partitions are modified the OTA will fail to apply,” the spokesperson said. Pixel smartphones purchased from Verizon will not have unlockable bootloaders. These units will receive OS updates and security patches at the same time as Pixel units sold through Google’s Store, which is good news nevertheless. The Pixel devices will arrive on October 20 and customers who pre-order them from Verizon will also get a free Daydream View VR headset to pair with their new phones. The Pixel and Pixel XL come in three color variants, white, black and blue. #Google#Pixel#Pixel XL#Unlockable bootloader#Verizon reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news More than Half of Samsung Note 7 Owners Will Switch to Another Android Phone Pixel Phones Bought from Verizon and Google to Get Updates Simultaneously Google Announces Android 7.1 Developer Preview Google Assistant Can Be Enabled on Rooted Android Nougat Devices 5 Great Calendar Apps for Android HP Elite X3 with Windows 10 Mobile: The PC Experience Motorola DROID Turbo 3 with 16MP Hasselblad Camera Leaks in Press Renders New Photo of the x86 Windows 10 Mobile Phone Gets Leaked The LG V20 Has Been Successfully Rooted Galaxy S6 and S7 Owners Complain About Samsung’s Stock Email App Facebook Is Testing a New Snapchat-like Camera Feature Google Adds Stranger Things Stickers to Allo, New Themes to Arrive Soon    Pixel and Pixel XL New Android APKs Navbar Apps APK: Updated November 13th, 17:48 GMT MiXplorer APK: Updated November 13th, 17:46 GMT Periscope APK: Updated November 13th, 17:43 GMT XDA Labs APK: Updated November 13th, 17:38 GMT Game Tools APK: Updated November 13th, 17:35 GMT SoundHound APK: Updated November 13th, 17:33 GMT Microsoft Classroom APK: Updated November 13th, 17:17 GMT Reader comments Samsung Announces Android 7.0 Nougat for the Galaxy S7/S7 edge more on: Samsung Galaxy S7 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy feedback      
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 14 GOOG: 778.53 0.34 Google confirms: you will be able to root your Pixel phone Ben Schoon - 1 month ago @NexusBen Android Google Google Pixel View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google is making a lot of, let’s say interesting changes in the Pixel smartphone lineup, and that’s caused many in the Android community to raise questions about the device. We already knew the Pixel had an unlocked bootloader, except on Verizon, but many have still questioned if they would be able to root it. Now a Google spokesperson has confirmed that information. Speaking to WonderHowTo, a Google spokesperson had the following to say regarding rooting: Yes, Pixel owners who purchased the device from the Google store will be able to root their devices. Pixel phones purchased from the Google store will ship with an unlockable bootloader. So there we have it. Yes, you’ll be able to root your Pixel smartphone. Obviously, we’ll have to wait for developers to get their hands on the device to get a root method working, but at least we know for a fact that it will be possible. It is worth noting that Google specifically mentioned Pixel owners who purchase the device from the Google store will be able to root. Of course, this is due to the fact that Pixels sold through Verizon will ship with locked bootloaders. Another thing worth mentioning is that Google’s new “seamless update” process won’t take away the issues that come with rooting and OTA updates. The Google spokesperson later confirmed: Rooting involves modifying partitions on the phone. If the partitions are modified the OTA will fail to apply. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google View THe Guide Google Pixel View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Opposable Thumbs / Gaming & Entertainment PSVR vs. HTC Vive vs. Oculus Rift vs. Gear VR: Which VR headset should you buy? We put top VR headsets through the wringer to find out which is deserving of your cash. by Mark Walton (UK) - Oct 14, 2016 1:02 pm UTC Login to bookmark 129 What's the best VR headset for you? We find out via a series of totally objective, 100 percent useful tests. Maybe. In just a few short years, we’ve gone from a world with no virtual reality headsets (or at least, no good virtual reality headsets), to a world where it every man and his dog is making some sort of head-mounted display. There’s PlayStation VR for the cool kids that like having a small London nightclub strapped to their faces; the HTC Vive for the nerds that want to look some sort of HR Giger nightmare; and even Google Cardboard, a sort of Fisher Price “my first VR” for the tech curious. But let’s say for a moment you aren’t flush with cash like, say, a doctor or a YouTuber with a gambling website. You can’t buy all the VR headsets, so what do you do then? Fortunately, we at Ars Technica have been sliding our sweaty foreheads into the Oculus Rift, HTC Vive, PSVR, Samsung Gear VR, and Google Cardboard for months now. So much so that we think it’s about time to give you a hard, once-and-for-all, definitive, totally serious buyers guide for the best VR headset for you. Which is to say that with so much choice in VR right now, there’s pretty much a headset out there for everybody regardless of budget, space, or the kind of experience you’re after. We rounded up five of the most compelling headsets in the video above and put them through some serious, and not-so-serious testing to to bring you our verdict on the best headsets. If you’d rather read some text than watch a video, we’ve got you covered below too. Set up: Easy on mobile, tough on PC Both Google Cardboard and Gear VR use your smartphone as an all-in-one VR display, tapping into its various sensors—accelerometers, cameras, and gyroscopes mostly—to let you look around a 3D game, or circle a 360-degree movie. This is different to the full 3D positional tracking of tethered headsets, but the flip side is that setup is super-easy. With the Gear VR you simply slide your Samsung phone (Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy S6/S6 Edge/S6 Edge+, or Galaxy S7/S7 Edge) into the housing, load up an app (or the Oculus launcher) and strap it to your face. From there you can easily browse for content with minimal fuss. Google Cardboard is a little trickier in that many of the cheaper versions (£5/$5) require assembly first, but I wouldn’t recommend buying those at all if you can afford it. Paying slightly more for a £10/$10 plastic version saves you the headache of assembly, and it’ll last much longer. There’s a Cardboard section on the Google Play store that list all the compatible apps. Enlarge Mark Walton PSVR Headset specs Headset weight 610 grams (1.34 lbs, excluding cable) Display 1920×1080 (960×1080 per eye) full RGB panel Refresh rate Up to 120Hz (90Hz on many games) Field of view ~100 degrees Controllers DualShock 4; PlayStation Move controllers (required for some games) Head Tracking Six-axis motion sensing system (three-axis gyroscope, three-axis accelerometer). Requires PlayStation Camera. Audio 3.5 mm audio jack on cord, built-in microphone PS4 connection 143x36x143mm Processor Unit integrating HDMI, USB and power connections. Included games Demo disc with 18 titles Price £350/€400. No bundles announced yet. (US has a $500 bundle with required Camera, two PlayStation Move controllers, and PlayStation VR Worlds game) New kid on the block PSVR is the easiest of the tethered headsets to set up, thanks in part to using the PlayStation 4 for its graphical chops. There are no graphics card drivers to install, or compatibility issues to worry about—everything just works. You plug the PSVR’s external processing box (which splits the HDMI signal, allowing another person to view what you’re doing in VR on a TV) into the PS4 via USB, plug the PS4 into that, run another cable out to your TV, plug the PlayStation Camera into the PS4, and then let the system download and install the relevant software. The whole process is seamless, and relatively short, depending in your broadband connection. The only annoyance is that the cable for the camera is far too short if you have your PS4 positioned away from the TV. In my living room, for instance, the TV is wall mounted with HDMI cables chased into the wall, running down to an AV amplifier and cupboard. In order to use PSVR I currently have to move the PS4 out of the cupboard in order for the camera to be in a decent position to track the PSVR headset and Move controllers. Hopefully someone will make an extension cable soon that will solve the problem, but it’s something to bear in mind if you like keeping your consoles tucked away. Enlarge Oculus Rift Headset specs Display 2160x1200 (1080x1200 per eye) OLED panels Refresh rate 90 Hz Field of view 110 degrees Lens spacing 58-72mm (adjustable) Controllers Xbox One gamepad and Oculus Remote (both included) Head Tracking 3-axis gyroscope, accelerometer, and external "Constellation" IR camera tracking system Audio Integrated over-ear headphones with 3D directional audio support and built-in microphone PC connection 4m custom cable (integrates HDMI and USB connections) Included games Lucky's Tale (and Eve Valkyrie with pre-order) Price £500/$600 Onto the PC-based headsets, and this is where things start getting tricky. While Oculus does try and make the setup process as simple as possible, it is rather drawn out, and many users have run into problems. Oculus requires two USB 3.0 ports (it won’t work via USB 2.0); one for its tracking camera and another for the headset. Plus, you’ll need a spare HDMI socket on your graphics card, which at a minimum needs to be an Nvidia GTX 960 or AMD RX 480, along with an Intel i3-6300 CPU or better. Most graphics cards only have one HDMI output these days, which means you’ll need to find another way to hook up your PC display if that’s plugged in via HDMI. Once you’ve plugged in the USB camera and the headset you can download the Oculus installer, which then downloads a lot of software. The process is largely automated, but it took around 25 minutes to get everything downloaded and set up (and that’s on a fast office Internet connection). Even then, that only got me to the Oculus app, which then asked me to update the firmware on the headset, and then asked me to update the drivers for my USB 3.0 ports. If you’re new to PC gaming, also bear in mind that you’ll need to keep on top of driver releases from Nvidia and AMD, which can make a dramatic difference to performance. All that said, once Oculus is set up, it doesn’t need much babysitting, and it worked flawlessly for me every time I came back to it. If you do get stuck, support is good, with a dedicated site and plenty of frequently asked questions to browse. Enlarge HTC Vive Headset specs Headset weight 555 grams (~1.2 lbs) without cables Display 2160x1200 (1080x1200 per eye) AMOLED panels Refresh rate 90 Hz Field of view 110 degrees Lens spacing 60.2-74.5mm (adjustable) Controllers Two wireless motion-tracked controllers with rechargeable 960mAh batteries Tracking SteamVR 1.0 tracking system with two "Lighthouse" IR laser tracking boxes (up to 5m diagonal tracking volume) Audio Audio extension dongle to plug generic headphones to headset. Built-in microphone PC connection Three-part multi-cable (HDMI, USB, and power) with junction box for PC connection. Included games Job Simulator, Fantastic Contraption and Tiltbrush Price £759/$799 Setting up the HTC Vive is largely the same, although, you can use DisplayPort instead of HDMI to hook up the headset, and you need to find a place for the tracking boxes on a wall or on a tripod, each of which requires a wall outlet for power. You also need to install Steam, which in theory should detect that the HTC Vive is plugged in and offer to install Steam VR and the relevant drivers. This isn’t always the case, though, and using the Vive on certain systems I had to manually tell Steam I wanted to use Steam VR. Once that’s done, you then need to decide whether you’re using the Vive at “room scale” or you have a smaller space. Using the latter limits the number of games you can play, and really room scale games are the whole reason to buy the Vive. From there you need to tell Steam where the display is by pointing at it with a controller, where the floor is by laying the controllers on the floor, and then tracing around your available space to set up the virtual boundaries that prevent you from walking into a wall or a piece of furniture. After that you can play, but that assumes everything works the first time. I’ve found the HTC Vive to be extremely temperamental, with tracking boxes randomly not syncing, or controllers disappearing. A restart or a firmware update usually fixes the problem, but it’s definitely a frustration when all you want to do is play. That’s not to mention that support isn’t great, with most of the useful information buried away on Steam’s forums, rather than in official, well written help documents. Expand full story Page: 1 2 3 Next → Reader comments 129 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Mark Walton / Mark is Consumer Editor at Ars Technica UK by day, and keen musician by night. He hails from the UK, the home of ARM, heavy metal, and superior chocolate.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Entertainment News Lil Wayne's manager revealed plans to release 'Tha Carter V' for free By Sarah Mulé   |   Oct. 14, 2016 at 8:54 AM Follow @upishowbiz Comments 1 of 3 | License Photo NEW YORK, Oct. 14 (UPI) -- In an interview with Rap Radar, Lil Wayne's manager, Cortez Bryant, revealed plans with Google to release Wayne's delayed album, Tha Carter V for free. "We had cut a deal with Google to where... they were gonna back the album and we're really gonna be able to give away Carter V free," Bryant said. But Wayne's ongoing feud with Cash Money Records founder Birdman has placed the record on hold, causing the deal with Google to fall apart. Wayne, who has hinted at a possible retirement, said that he feels "defenseless and mentally defeated." Lil Wayne's ex-wife Toya Wright revealed in her self-published memoir, In My Own Words ...My Real Reality, that Wayne has been texting her about possibly rekindling their romance. Wayne spoke about Wright in his own memoir, Gone Till November: A Journal of Rikers Island, noting that she was the first person to visit him in prison. "I know I'm too wild for you and it may seem as if I don't take love or relationships seriously, but believe me when I say I'd gladly straighten up and fly right for you," Wayne reportedly said via text. Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Lil Wayne details his girlfriend's affair with Drake in upcoming memoir Lil Wayne on cryptic retirement tweets: 'I still feel that way' Chance the Rapper performs on 'Ellen' with Lil Wayne and 2 Chainz Comments Topics: Lil Wayne, Google Trending 50 celebrities turning 50 in 2016 [PHOTOS] Trending 50 celebrities turning 50 in 2016 [PHOTOS] Latest Headlines Next 'Kong: Skull Island' trailer set for Wednesday release 3 hours ago LOS ANGELES, Nov. 13 (UPI) -- The next trailer for "Kong: Skull Island" is set for release Wednesday, promised a pair of teasers posted on social media during the weekend. Stranded Bruce Springsteen rescued by fellow bikers on N.J. highway 5 hours ago FREEHOLD, N.J., Nov. 13 (UPI) -- Members of the Freehold American Legion Post 54 Legion Riders rescued rocker Bruce Springsteen when his motorcycle broke down. Gary Sinise helps dedicate smart home to wounded veteran 8 hours ago CHEVY CHASE, Md., Nov. 13 (UPI) -- Actor and musician Gary Sinise helped present U.S. Army Capt. Luis Avila, an injured Iraq War veteran, and his family with a new smart home. 'Doctor Strange' tops the North American box office for a second weekend 9 hours ago LOS ANGELES, Nov. 13 (UPI) -- "Doctor Strange" is the No. 1 movie in North America for a second weekend, earning an additional $43 million in receipts, BoxOfficeMojo.com announced Sunday. Jillian and Patrick Dempsey call off divorce proceedings 9 hours ago LOS ANGELES, Nov. 13 (UPI) -- A Los Angeles judge has granted Jillian Dempsey's request to end divorce proceedings against actor Patrick Dempsey, her husband of 17 years. Music titan Leon Russell dead at 74 10 hours ago NASHVILLE, Nov. 13 (UPI) -- Music icon Leon Russell died in his sleep Sunday at the age of 74, his wife confirmed for a posting on his official website. Adrienne Bailon marries Israel Houghton in Paris 11 hours ago PARIS, Nov. 13 (UPI) -- Talk-show co-host Adrienne Bailon has married gospel singer Israel Houghton in a romantic ceremony at the Hotel Plaza Athénée in Paris. Scarlett Johansson plays human-cyborg hybrid Major in first 'Ghost in the Shell' trailer 12 hours ago LOS ANGELES, Nov. 13 (UPI) -- Paramount Pictures released the first, full-length trailer for its upcoming, screen adaptation of the Japanese, comic-book series "The Ghost in the Shell." 'SNL:' Dave Chappelle calls Donald Trump 'an Internet troll,' but says he will give him a chance; Chris Rock is a surprise guest 12 hours ago NEW YORK, Nov. 13 (UPI) -- Comedian Dave Chappelle addressed Republican Donald Trump's election as U.S. president when he guest hosted this weekend's edition of "Saturday Night Live." Kate McKinnon's Hillary Clinton sings Leonard Cohen's 'Hallelujah' on 'SNL' 13 hours ago NEW YORK, Nov. 13 (UPI) -- This weekend's edition of "Saturday Night Live" kicked off with a cold open, featuring cast member Kate McKinnon as Hillary Clinton. Trending Stories 'Outlander' adds Hannah James and Tanya Reynolds to ensemble 'SNL:' Dave Chappelle calls Donald Trump 'an Internet troll,' but says he will give him a chance; Chris Rock is a surprise guest 'Dirty Jobs' favorite Mike Rowe offers his take on why Donald Trump won UPI More Collections Rio Olympics: Hugs and kisses 2016 Emmys: Best of Red Carpet 2016 NY Comic Con 2016 Israeli Tattoo Convention Notable Deaths of 2016 Best of 2016 Swim Miami Supermodels on the red carpet Rio Olympics: Best of Beach Volleyball Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 2016: Most revealing red carpet looks 2016 Miss America Competition ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad EU's Vestager does not rule out action over Google scraping complaint By Reuters Published: 08:56 EST, 14 October 2016 | Updated: 08:56 EST, 14 October 2016 e-mail By Foo Yun Chee FLORENCE, Oct 14 (Reuters) - The EU's antitrust regulator, who has accused Alphabet unit Google of stifling competition in three separate cases, left open the possibility of further action against the U.S. technology giant. Complaints have been made about Google's practice of copying content from websites without payment in what is known as scraping. Complainants include News Corp, Getty Images and German publishers. Margrethe Vestager, the EU's Competition Commissioner said this was not on her radar for now but did not rule out future action. She is concentrating on the three ongoing cases, the first of which has dragged on since 2010. Antitrust cases typically take between three to eight years or even longer. "We are not taking any decisions yet," Vestager told reporters on the sidelines of a conference organised by the International Bar Association on Friday. The European Competition Commission has in the last year charged Google of using its market power to promote its own products at rivals' expense after a spate of complaints from European and U.S. companies. Vestager said she was aware of the competition and copyright issues related to scraping. Her peer in charge of digital issues, Guenther Oettinger, recently proposed copyright legislation which needs approval from EU lawmakers and EU countries before it can be implemented. Vestager said the proposed rules would not hinder her work. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google’s Android Wear devices are rumored to launch in Q1 of 2017 +6,187 Joe Fedewa Oct 14th, 2016 The recent news about Android Wear has been pretty grim. First, we heard that Huawei, LG, and Motorola have no plans to release new smartwatches this year. Then Android Wear 2.0 got delayed until 2017. We’re in need of some positive news. Thanks to the infamous Twitter leaker, Evan Blass (@evleaks), we have some new info about Google’s own smartwatches. Back in July, we wrote about a couple or rumors regarding Google’s own Android Wear devices. Like the Pixel and Pixel XL, these devices would be made in-house by Google. We haven’t heard much since those initial rumors, but now Evan Blass is back with more information. Google’s two smartwatches will be released with Android Wear 2.0 in Q1 2017 It would make a lot of sense for Google to introduce new devices with the launch of the Android Wear 2.0 update. There isn’t a lot of information about these watches right now. We know there will be two different sizes and they will have Google Assistant baked in. The bigger watch is said to be able to work without a phone. That’s really all we know right now. local_offer    Android Wear 2.0   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (5) stars Further Reading Android Wear 2.0 Dev Preview 2 is here! Google working on new Android Wear smartwatches Moto 360 (1st Gen) wont get Android Wear 2.0 Android Wear 2.0 dev preview is live stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vertPlay Store UI update closeGoogle is slowly rolling out an updated UI for the Play Store A couple of weeks ago, Google showed off a new Play Store UI in a support video for the Pixel. Now, users are reporting that the new UI is slowly rolling out to devices. 7 more_vertThis is ARA closeWe have Google’s secret Project Ara phone [VIDEO] Remember Project Ara? Google’s super secret modular smartphone that was supposed to set the world on fire? They killed and buried the project, but we did some digging… look what we’ve got our hands on: 8 more_vertAndroid Auto app launches closeAndroid Auto finally comes to Android phones Android Auto in the car is great, but there’s one issue: a lot of people aren’t going to go out and buy new cars or in-dash configurations just to get it. Well, not anymore — Google has announced Android Auto for phones. 9 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 10 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Google News launches fact check feature ahead of Election Day – The Verge Posted on October 14, 2016 by The Verge Google News this week launched a fact check feature that will be displayed in searches for news stories. The feature, announced on Thursday, launches amid a US presidential election that has been marred by misinformation and outright lies, most … Google introduces fact checking feature intended to help people see whether news is actually trueThe Independent Google News Introduced A New Fact-Check FeatureAndroid Headlines Google News launches ‘fact check’ tab in search results just ahead of the US electionsCNBC Engadget -Digital Trends -Android Police -Search Engine Land all 27 news articles …read more wrote 21297 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Watch Dogs 2 Easter Egg Appears to Tease a New Ubisoft Space Game – GameSpot FriendFinder Networks hack reportedly exposed over 412 million accounts – TechCrunch Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review – Gizmodo Australia Who’s excited for Pokemon Sun & Moon? – Destructoid Old Elder Scrolls Game Takes Over 60 Hours To Walk Across – Kotaku Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Enterprise Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Smartphones Mobile Intel Google Snapdragon 821 Pixel Motherboards GPUs Asus Home> Enterprise OpenCAPI Unveiled: AMD, IBM, Google, Xilinx, Micron and Mellanox Join Forces in the Heterogenous Computing Era by Johan De Gelas on October 14, 2016 8:00 AM EST Posted in Enterprise CPU 48 Comments | Add A Comment 48 Comments + Add A Comment Some of you may remember AMD announcing the "Torrenza" technology 10 years ago. The idea was to offer a fast and coherent interface between the CPU and various types of "accelerators" (via Hyper Transport). It was one of the first initiatives to enable "heterogeneous computing". We now have technology that could be labeled "heterogeneous computing", the most popular form being GPU computing. There have been also encryption, compression and network accelerators, but the advantages of those accelerators were never really clear, as shifting data back and forth to the CPU was in many cases less efficient than letting the CPU process it with optimized instructions. Heterogeneous computing was in the professional world mostly limited to HPC; in the consumer world a "nice to have". But times are changing. The sensors of the Internet of Things, the semantic web and the good old www are creating a massive and exponentially growing flood of data that can not be stored and analyzed by traditional means. Machine learning offers a way of classifying all that data and finding patterns "automatically". As a result, we witnessed a "machine learning renaissance", with quite a few breakthroughs. Google had to deal with this years ago before most other companies, and released some of those AI breakthroughs of the Google Brain Team in the Open Source world, one example being "TensorFlow". And when Google releases important technology into the Open Source world, we know we got to pay attention. When Google released the Google File System and Big Table back in 2004 for example, a little bit later the big data revolution with Hadoop, HDFS and NoSQL databases erupted. Big Data thus needs big brains: we need more processing power than ever. As Moore's law is dead (the end of CMOS scaling), we can not expect much from process technology advancements. The processing power has to come from ASICs (see Google's TPU), FPGAs (see Microsoft's project Catapult) and GPUs. Those accelerators need a new "Torrenza technology", a fast, coherent interconnect to the CPU. NVIDIA was first with NVLink, but an open standard would be even better. IBM on the other hand was willing to share the CAPI interface. To that end, Google, AMD, Xilinx, Micron and Mellanox have joined forces with IBM to create a "coherent high performance bus interface" based on a new bus standard called "Open Coherent Accelerator Processor Interface" (OpenCAPI). Capable of a 25Gbits per second per lane data rate, OpenCAPI outperforms the current PCIe specification, which offers a maximum data transfer rate of 8Gbits per second for a PCIe 3.0 lane. We assume that the total bandwidth will be a lot higher for quite a few OpenCAPI devices, as OpenCAPI lanes will be bundled together. It is a win, win for everybody besides Intel. It is clear now that IBM's OpenPOWER initiative is gaining a lot of traction and that IBM is deadly serious about offering an alternative to the Intel dominated datacenter. IBM will implement the OpenCAPI interface in the POWER9 servers in 2017. Those POWER9s will not only have a very fast interface to NVIDIA GPUs (via NVLink), but also to Google's ASICs and Xilinx FPGAs accelerators. Meanwhile this benefits AMD as they get access to an NVLink alternative to link up the Radeon GPU power to the upcoming Zen based server processors. Micron can link faster (and more profitable than DRAM) memory to the CPU. Mellanox can do the same for networking. OpenCAPI is even more important for the Xilinx FPGAs as a coherent interface can make FPGAs attractive for a much wider range of applications than today. And guess what, Dell/EMC has joined this new alliance just a few days ago. Intel has to come up with an answer... Update: courtesy of commenter Yojimbo: "NVIDIA is a member of the OpenCAPI consortium, at the "contributor level", which is the same level Xilinx has. The same is true for HPE (HP Enterprise)". This is even bigger than we thought. Probably the biggest announcement in the server market this year.   Gallery: OpenCAPI Announcement Source: OpenCAPI Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 48 Comments View All Comments OEMG - Friday, October 14, 2016 - link I guess Intel's fine with good ol' PCIe. It's actually crazy how many players are coming up with their own interconnects. Reply patrickjp93 - Friday, October 14, 2016 - link Omnipath and Omniscale. Reply johnpombrio - Friday, October 14, 2016 - link Funny thing is that IBM is also in bed with NVidia using the NVLink and the P100 GPUs with a "5X faster than PCI" bus. So which bus is IBM pushing here? Intel completely owns the server market so exactly who is this for? The China server market? Reply SarahKerrigan - Saturday, October 15, 2016 - link Not quite. Non-x86 server sales account for a little under 15% of server revenue total, and IBM makes up most of that. That's several billion dollars per year worth of hardware. Reply iwod - Saturday, October 15, 2016 - link This is a lot higher then I thought. Where is that data from? Considering x86 has 95%+ of server unit shipped, which means the 5% shipment of non-x86 represent 15% revenue. Reply SarahKerrigan - Saturday, October 15, 2016 - link x86 is actually over 99% of units shipped. Non-x86 systems tend to be mainframes and commercial UNIX systems with a very high per-unit price (a single mainframe can run into the millions of dollars.) So, a much higher percentage of revenue than volume. IDC and Gartner both have data supporting this. Reply lefty2 - Friday, October 14, 2016 - link So.. basically, it's a faster bus than PCIe. Why put all that bullshit at the start of the article? This is nothing to do with machine learning or "heterogeneous computing". Reply diehardmacfan - Friday, October 14, 2016 - link The need for faster interconnects absolutely has to do with heterogeneous computing. This standard isn't for your average gaming GPU. Reply lefty2 - Friday, October 14, 2016 - link No, it's not. It can be used in any application that needs higher bus speed. Also, it could be used for high-end gaming GPU's (why not?) Reply Yojimbo - Friday, October 14, 2016 - link High-end gaming GPUs don't need higher bus speeds. Besides this is targeted towards data center servers. It is made with heterogeneous computing in mind. Even without considering the technical decisions made and how they affect various use cases, this consortium doesn't include Intel so it's going to have to exist in a non-Intel ecosystem. You're not likely to see CAPI in consumer hardware any time soon. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News ASUS ROG GT51 Desktop: Overclocked i7-6700K, GTX 1080 SLI, 64 GB DDR4, $4999 HTC Announces the HTC Bolt - A Sprint-Exclusive Smartphone for LTE Plus NVIDIA Announces Record Q3 FY 2017 Results Best Android Phones: Holiday 2016 Alienware 13 R3: Quad-Core CPU, GeForce GTX 1060, QHD OLED, VR Ready AOC Launches the AG352QCX: 35-Inch 200 Hz 2560×1080 Curved Display with Adaptive-Sync BenQ Announces the ZOWIE XL2540: 24-Inch 240 Hz Full-HD Display 'for e-Sports' Now Shipping: AMD Radeon Pro WX Series Nixeus NX-VUE27P Pro WQHD (2560x1440) Monitor Launched ADATA Ultimate SU800 SSDs in M.2 Announced: Entry-Level 3D NAND SSDs for Laptops ZOTAC ZBOX MAGNUS ERX480: SFF PC with Intel Core i5, AMD Radeon RX480, USB-C Huawei Mate 9 Launch and Hands On: Kirin 960, 5.9in FHD, Daydream VR TWEETS IanCutress: @cavemanjim Give us a shout if you've got time for lunch while you're here IanCutress: @tom_forsyth Hits peak efficiency at the dvfs point then duty cycles. OS still sees non dc freq… https://t.co/QCO9Nvvwgc RyanSmithAT: @XxVcVxX We're not able to reply to everyone. But if your app meets our approval, you should hear from us by mid-December RyanSmithAT: @Dafuqizwrong Many of our editors are part time RyanSmithAT: @Dafuqizwrong We don't have interns per-se (no central office), but junior editors are not expected to know everything right away IanCutress: I can't submit an @EE broadband bug report with dashes or parentheses in description. Wow, that's bad XSS/DB security at the expense of UX. IanCutress: If you're paying someone you describe as an expert to star in an advert for your product, how is said person impartial? IanCutress: RT @anandtech: Last reminder for our Call for Writers. Talented writers wanted to write about technology. Applications close Monday https:/… RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: Last reminder for our Call for Writers. Talented writers wanted to write about technology. Applications close Monday https:/… RyanSmithAT: @chrisheinonen If you need some extra space for a 60-inch 4K, let me know. I'd be glad to house it indefinitely, as a favor ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices ganeshts: @DanMatte Yup,including TB3 ports is a great value-add for any computing system, but we need other ports also for practical purposes ganeshts: No doubt that USB-C is the future, and adoption should be driven up. The Q is - are notebooks having ONLY those por… https://t.co/kgVGy6Tpip ganeshts: .@Krewell Thunderbolt 3's versatility should be complementary to existing ports, not full-blown replacement. Apple's usage not convincing ganeshts: @guspaz @troywolv That is the problem with ISPs that also deliver TV. IPTV / OTT cut into that revenue segment, caps are a counter Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Lifestyle Christmas Telegraph Lifestyle Christmas NORAD Santa Tracker 2016: How can I follow Father Christmas? Father Christmas reading children's wish-lists in the North Pole. Credit:  KAINULAINEN / Rex Features Telegraph Reporters Mark Molloy 14 October 2016 • 1:25pm The North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) and Google's Santa Tracker will help you follow Father Christmas on his 2016 journey on Christmas Eve. Here's everything you need to know. NORAD usually focuses on defending US airspace but every year it does a very important job - it helps children track Santa Claus’ journey from the North Pole. Families can keep an eye on his epic December 24 journey across the planet delivering presents and scoffing more than a few mince pies along the way.  The official NORAD tracking of Santa Clause is shown on a satellite map of the world on December 24, 2010. Credit: AP Photo/NORAD How far will Santa travel? Santa will travel an estimated 510,000,000km on Christmas Eve - travelling at a staggering 10,703,437.5km/hr, or about 1,800 miles per second. Assuming there are three children per household, that's 233,000,000 stops for Santa and his sleigh (before we rule out the naughty kids). #Santa almost hit a moose while skimming over Rindge, New Hampshire. Good thing he’s a great pilot!— NORAD Santa (@NoradSanta) 25 December 2015 How many homes will he visit? Santa needs to visit 390,000 homes per minute - or 6,424 per second. With all that sherry and mince pies, he will consume around 71,764,000,000 calories in total.  What's his first stop? Santa's first stop is the Republic of Kiribati, a collection of 32 atolls in the Pacific Ocean, before he makes his way west around the globe to New Zealand and Australia, then Japan, over Asia and onto Africa, before heading to Europe, Canada, the US and Central and South America. "Keep in mind, Santa’s route can be affected by weather, so it’s really unpredictable," the NORAD website warns. "It appears he only arrives when children are asleep." Why every family must visit Father Christmas in Lapland - before it's too late What time can I start tracking him? NORAD starts tracking Santa at 8am GMT on Christmas Eve, when he begins his journey around the world. Here's last year's video guide to help. What time do the NORAD and Google Santa Trackers 2015 start on Friday, and how can children follow Father Christmas around the world? Play! 01:38 Why does NORAD track Santa? NORAD start tracking Santa by accident. In 1955, an advert promoting 'Santa's Toyland' at the Sears department store was published listing the phone number of CONAD - NORAD’s predecessor - by mistake. US Air Force Col. Harry Shoup, director of operations for CONAD in 1955, took the call on a top secret line. Col. Shoup had two phones on his desk, including a red one. "Only a four-star general at the Pentagon and my dad had the number," recalled his daughter Pam. The red phone rang one day in December 1955, and Shoup answered it. Pam continues: "And then there was a small voice that just asked, 'Is this Santa Claus?' " His children remember Shoup as straight-laced and disciplined, and he was annoyed and upset by the call and thought it was a joke — but then, Terri says, the little voice started crying. "And Dad realised that it wasn't a joke," her sister says. "So he talked to him, ho-ho-ho'd and asked if he had been a good boy and, 'May I talk to your mother?' And the mother got on and said, 'You haven't seen the paper yet? "'There's a phone number to call Santa. It's in the Sears ad.'" It was a perfect fit. After all, who better to spot where Santa's sleigh is flying than a major operation dedicated to monitoring the skies. It also provided a nice change for the joint US-Canadian military division who spent the majority of their time checking their radar screens for a potential nuclear attack. Years later Shoup’s granddaughter Carrie Farrell, worked for Google — and announced the formal partnership to the world through Google’s blog. The service continued for the next 60 years and children have been able to track Santa online since 2007. #Santa is back home at the North Pole and ready for a nap! Thanks for Tracking Santa with #NORAD! See you next year!— NORAD Santa (@NoradSanta) 25 December 2015 How can you track Santa’s journey online? You can track Santa Claus as he enjoys a ridiculous amount of mince pies, booze and cheese, and his reindeer, on the NORAD website. The website is available in seven different languages and children can also follow Santa on special apps for tablets and mobile phones. "Users can see where Santa stops along different locations in the world," said Stacey Knott, the NORAD track Santa spokesperson. "Of course, we can’t show every single one of Santa’s stops but we do show a lot of those around the world and every single country." The website adds: "Santa calls the shots. We just track him!" So what is the Google Santa Tracker? Google also has its own Santa Tracker, having previously partnered with NORAD. (No-one knows why they broke up). You will be able to access Google’s Santa Tracker here, and from December 1 you can play festive games in ‘Santa’s village’, learn about holiday traditions in different countries and even give Santa a makeover. HOLY MOLEY! #Santa has consumed MILLIONS of cookies tonight!— TheSantaTracker (@TheSantaTracker) 25 December 2015 “On Christmas Eve we’ll be proudly showcasing a Santa’s dashboard, the technology that powers his sleigh during his around-the-world journey,” Google explained ahead of the launch of last year's tracker. “We’ve received this special preview from one of Santa’s many developer elves, who are hard at work in the North Pole helping Santa prepare for his big day.” You should be able to follow his progress on desktop, mobile, tablet and Chromecast. Google will be tracking Santa from 10am (GMT) on Christmas Eve. Hamleys best selling Christmas toys  Who are the NORAD volunteers? Every Christmas Eve, thousands of volunteers staff telephones and computers to answer calls and e-mails from children (and adults) from around the world. Live updates are provided through the website, over telephone lines, and by e-mail to keep curious children and their families informed about Santa’s whereabouts and if it’s time to get to bed. How many people will follow Santa? Volunteers will answer more than 70,000 phone calls from around the world on the night, and 12,000 emails, while the NORAD Santa website is expecting more than nine million unique visitors in more than 200 countries. NORAD Tracks Santa has 1.6 million followers on Facebook and more than 170,000 on Twitter.   Follow The Telegraph READ MORE ABOUT: NASA Space International Space Station Google Show more Christmas latest 03:21 14 Nov 2016, 12:01am Has Sainsbury's stolen the show with its musical Christmas advert? 14 Nov 2016, 12:01am Chocolate fans paying TWICE as much for small boxes, Which? warns  03:21 14 Nov 2016, 12:01am Has Sainsbury's stolen the show with its musical Christmas advert? 13 Nov 2016, 2:42pm Petition calling for shops to stay closed on Boxing Day wins support 13 Nov 2016, 12:26pm The best Christmas 2016 adverts 13 Nov 2016, 11:00am The best Christmas food gifts 13 Nov 2016, 10:00am Predictions on the best Black Friday and Cyber Monday perfume deals 01:32 13 Nov 2016, 6:00am Watch the epic Waitrose Christmas advert 2016: Meet the Scandi robin taking on Buster the Boxer 12 Nov 2016, 6:57pm Comment: Blimey! Women sure do swear by their four-letter words Oliver Pritchett Premium Gallery 12 Nov 2016, 6:00pm Gallery: Best outdoor Christmas lights and decorations 02:10 12 Nov 2016, 5:55pm Comment: And so begins the delicate diplomacy of family Christmas present lists...  Juliet Samuel Premium 12 Nov 2016, 4:00pm Warning after meat disease strikes Christmas geese and ducks 12 Nov 2016, 12:00pm Black Friday: 9 tips on how to get the best deals all year round  12 Nov 2016, 9:00am Shane Watson: Reasons to be happy at the end of 2016 Premium 12 Nov 2016, 7:00am 50 shows to see this Christmas Premium 12 Nov 2016, 6:00am Stephen Harris' Christmas pudding Premium 12 Nov 2016, 6:00am Stephen Harris: my Christmas pudding has half the sugar and double the flavour Premium 12 Nov 2016, 6:00am Halfords Black Friday and Cyber Monday deal predictions 11 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Comment: The Telegraph Christmas Charity Appeal - your generosity is uplifting Telegraph View Premium Gallery 11 Nov 2016, 6:03pm Gallery: Best wreaths to buy this Christmas 11 Nov 2016, 5:55pm Leicester's Christmas tree left half decorated as tinsel is 'too heavy' for branches If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Wearable Tech FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Anti-Keylogger Premium      30% OFF! Two Android Wear 2.0 Google Smartwatches Might Arrive in Early 2017 GO The smartwatches could be released by March next year Oct 14, 2016 11:52 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  Rumors about Google working on two upcoming smartwatches have been circulating online for some time now, and renders of the two devices have already surfaced. Leakster Evan Blass recently announced that Google’s upcoming smartwatches could arrive in early 2017. Google’s smartwatches carry the codenames Swordfish and Angelfish. The former will have a single button with a center made out of polished metal, interchangeable bands, and will be made available in silver, titanium and rose gold colors. It might come with basic notification and communication features. The smartwatch might be made compatible with Google MODE bands. Google’s Angelfish smartwatch might be slightly larger than Swordfish The Swordfish might reach 42mm in diameter and 10.6mm in thickness, while Angelfish could come with built-in LTE and GPS connectivity. It might also have a heart rate sensor and three buttons for control. The size of the Angelfish watch was also revealed - it could measure 14mm in thickness and 43.2mm in diameter, which would make it thicker and larger than the Swordfish. Angelfish could have the potential of being used as a standalone device and have applications integrated into Android Wear 2.0. Renders that recently surfaced online showed that the smartwatches would come with a circular and clean design that’s very characteristic to Google. The two smartwatches were rumored to be released this fall, but it seems that Google has changed its mind. The devices are expected to be the first to run the new and updated version of Android Wear. The platform for wearables will feature its own app store and improved Smart Reply features. The phone won’t be needed for using apps on Android Wear devices. They will communicate through Bluetooth, Wi-Fi or cellular. In addition, users will have the possibility to download apps directly to their watch. Google also redesigned notification cards to show light text on a black background. #Google#Angelfish smartwatch#Swordfish#Android Wear 2.0#Google MODE bands subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news HTC’s Halfbeak Smartwatch Running Android Wear Leaks in Photos Snapchat Becomes Snap Inc. and Launches Spectacles Alleged Render of Google Nexus Smartwatches Angelfish and Swordfish Leaks Global Smartwatch Shipments Drop 32% in Q2 2016 5 Great Calendar Apps for Android HP Elite X3 with Windows 10 Mobile: The PC Experience Motorola DROID Turbo 3 with 16MP Hasselblad Camera Leaks in Press Renders New Photo of the x86 Windows 10 Mobile Phone Gets Leaked KDE Neon Users Urged to Upgrade Their Systems or Reinstall the Linux Distro Budgie 11 Desktop Environment to Feature a Dock Mode for the Panel, Richer UI - Exclusive Vendetta Online 1.8.396 MMORPG Released for Linux, Mac, Windows, and Andriod Ubuntu Touch OTA-14 Slightly Delayed, New Task Manager Gets Fuzzy Background    Render of Google Angelfish and Swordfish New Apps PDF Focus .Net: A handy and simple utility that offers the option to convert PDF files to other file formats, like RTF, HMTL, and TXT, as well as save them as Excel spreadsheets Batch DOCX to HTML Converter: Conversion utility that generates HTML files from DOCX documents in batch mode effortlessly, featuring support for command lines AccessToFile: Export Access data to several output formats by turning to this lightweight application that features a session manager and a task scheduler jaBuT: An intuitive and rich-featured application that enables users to backup their most valuable documents to the location they choose RapidComposer LE: An advanced phrase-based composition application that offers a large palette of chords, rhythm generators and resizable smart phrases to include in your music Batch PPTX & PPSX Converter: A straightforward tool for converting PowerPoint presentations from PPTX to PPSX format and vice versa, that can be used even by rookies RapidComposer: An advanced application that allows you to compose and modify complex scores, manage MIDI files and build chord progressions for several instruments Reader comments IoT Banking Platform Will Shock You When You Overspend, Turn Down the Heat more on: IoT i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Google BigQuery TITSUP caused by failure to scale-yer workloads CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north Firewalls snuffed by 'BlackNurse' Ping of Death attack Former Autonomy CFO indicted in USA for misleading investors Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Google BigQuery TITSUP caused by failure to scale-yer workloads Firewalls snuffed by 'BlackNurse' Ping of Death attack SimpliVity results scream 'I'm perfect for you, HPE!' This week's biggest shock: The race to 200Gbps has been won Mark Zuckerberg is dead – Facebook confirmed Software biz boss on harassment charges represents himself, says I want a jury Google's crusade to make mobile web apps less, well, horrible Slacker or Team playa? Microsoft's Mr Business takes on messaging's corporate raider Your body reveals your password by interfering with WiFi Russia shoves antitrust probe into Microsoft after Kaspersky gripes about Windows 10 Join the Q: British intel agencies seek tech-savvy apprentices Russian banks floored by withering DDoS attacks The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Policy The Channel Former Autonomy CFO indicted in USA for misleading investors Zuckerberg says just one per cent of news on Facebook is fake FCC wants a word with AT&T about that zero-rated DirecTV streaming Facebook agrees to dial back 'racial affinity' ads Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone Google: If you think we're bad, you should take a look at Apple Sony: Get out Comedy Central, MTV – we've built a wall around Vue, the greatest wall ever Sega MegaDrive/Genesis lives again, in Brazil! SPB Geek's Guide CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north 2016 in a nutshell: Boffins break monkeys' backs to turn them into tragic shuffling cyborgs Physicists create the world's tiniest magnifying glass to see atomic bonds Red squirrels! Adorable, right? Wrong – they're riddled with leprosy Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Race for wireless VR headset heats up Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Brace yourselves! Blighty is turning to AI for help Verity Stob Spain's Prime Minister wants to ban internet memes. No, really A cardboard desk? I won’t stand for it (actually I will) Kotkin: Why Trump won Japanese cops arrest serial 'foot licker' More like this Email Google Ecommerce Cloud Emergent Tech Artificial Intelligence Google TensorFlow AI bots drafted into Ocado call centre service Web retailer builds a better email opener I'm sorry to hear that, ma'am. cjmacer/Shutterstock.com 14 Oct 2016 at 11:28, Gavin Clarke Gavin Clarke Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cloud, Apple, Microsoft, Google, Oracle Recent Articles Linux Foundation whacks open JavaScript projects umbrella Cisco's cloud whisperer CTO Zorawar Biri Singh blows free Google TensorFlow AI bots drafted into Ocado call centre service Like so much in Britain, you can credit the weather for this. Ocado has rolled out AI using Google’s open-source TensorFlow to improve service at its customer call centre. The online food retailer took six months to build and install a system based on machine learning., using Python, C++, Kubernetes on Google Compute with TensorFlow. The cloud-based AI will do the heavy lifting for inbound customer emails, opening and scanning for key words and context, before prioritising and forwarding them. On an ordinary day the system handles 2000 messages and double that at busy times such as Christmas. Natural language Ocado isn’t new to the idea of machine learning – the retailer’s 1,000-strong technology unit has worked on data science and intelligent APIs, employed in recommendations, instant orders and to calculate optimal driver routes for years. But this is the "first time we tried machine learning in customer service with natural language”, the unit’s head of technology Dan Nelson told The Reg. “In this case it was a problem the business put to us of how to deal with these unusual spikes to improve throughput. We had an awareness of natural language processing – we just looked for solutions.” The catalyst? The Great British weather. “You can’t do that if you need more humans and more machines every time” Nelson wouldn’t say too much: “There was a weather incident – a weather-based problem. These kind of events are outside of our control and cause us to run late.” Drivers running late prompt a spike in emails from customers who want to know when their weekly shop’s coming. Ocado employs 250 call centre staff in different shifts and - as you would expect - they open inbound emails. Customer service is key for the company which depends greatly on word-of-mouth to promote its brand. Rapid response is crucial. But as a rule humans cannot open and parse those emails quickly enough, so the appropriate response is also delayed. Automation seemed the best solution. “We are a business designed to operate at large scale … you can’t do that if you need more humans and more machines to do it every time,” Nelson said. Ocado Technology builds most of the parent retailer's technology – for example, the Ocado Smart Platform on Google cloud for data and Amazon’s AWS for compute. OSP is modular and incorporates web orders, fulfilment, warehousing and delivery systems. Ocado built the system to sell to other retailers as well as for its own use. This time, Ocado was interested in 'something-out-of-the-box' but drew a blank. So the company built its own neural network. TensorFlow TensorFlow is Google’s machine learning framework released to open source in November 2015. It's a framework for numerical computation using data-flow graphs. It came from the Google Brain Team inside Google's Machine Intelligence unit. But like so much in machine learning and artificial intelligence, TensorFlow is new and lacks functionality in many areas. Ocado Technology built key pieces itself. Kubernetes and Google Compute provide parameter and hyper parameter tuning - lacking in Google’s Cloud ML at the time Ocado kicked off the project six months ago. Hyper parameter turning has since arrived in the Cloud ML beta. Kubernetes is also used to manage hundreds of machines on Google’s servers. Nelson told The Reg: “Currently, the technologies in machine learning are still very much on the first step of a long journey to clicking and getting results so you have to export the data and clean the data because there are lots of emails that shouldn’t be there, you have build the network in TensorFlow – specific how may layers, how the layers should be connected, their activation points and how the algorithms should learn.” When I'm cleansing data Once constructed, the network had to learn. Ocado fed in data sets so the system could recognise legitimate emails from spam and filtering emails by context. The accuracy of its predictions was tested against real-world examples of actions. Cleansing the data was a big challenge. Emails fed into the system had to be cleansed so the neural network could learn syntax and words. Data cleansing pre-dates AI and machine learning. It has bedevilled projects running back decades all the way from today’s big data world of data lakes back through data warehouses, business analytics and humble OLAP. If the original data is incomplete – fields missing or the same data entered but in different ways, for example - your project may be screwed at a fundamental level. Another issue was anonymisation of the data. Ocado’s system runs on Google’s Compute servers, but Ocado could not let customers become resident there and so had to strip out key customer identifiers such as names, addresses and phone numbers. “The model wants to know somebody was mentioned but doesn’t need to know the name,” Nelson said. It was the weather wot started it, with customers emailing the call centre staff. But Ocado is now interested in running machine learning on social media – watching for whether a customer is upset at the retailer. Also it wants to explore "turning" phone calls. “It’s a learning experience of where else might I apply natural language,” Nelson said. ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 3 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Solving the right problem in the datacentre This white paper discusses the limitations of traditional cloud and virtualisation management. Controlling the Uncontrollable Protecting email and other corporate data on mobile devices—without bogging down workers—is one of today’s biggest challenges faced by IT pros today. Think your email archiving problems are solved with Office 365? Think again… If you wish to preserve messages in Office 365 for inactive users, you must continue to pay for those users. MAX Mail does not charge for inactive users. Most read Google Pixel pwned in 60 seconds Trump's plan: Tariffs on electronics, ban on skilled tech migrants, turn off the internet What went wrong at Tesco Bank? Leaked paper suggests EM Drive tested by NASA actually works Mac administrators brace for big changes to Apple-powered fleets Spotlight Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Spark meets HAL: Apache's cluster master goes deep Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Mysterious algorithms, black-box AI recruiters are binning our résumés Pound falling, Marmite off the shelves – what the UK needs right now is ... an AI ethics board Do AI chat bots need a personality bypass – or will we only trust gabber 'droids with character? Zombie Moore's Law shows hardware is eating software Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Enterprise Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Smartphones Mobile Intel Google Snapdragon 821 Pixel Motherboards GPUs Asus Home> Enterprise OpenCAPI Unveiled: AMD, IBM, Google, Xilinx, Micron and Mellanox Join Forces in the Heterogenous Computing Era by Johan De Gelas on October 14, 2016 8:00 AM EST Posted in Enterprise CPU 48 Comments | Add A Comment 48 Comments + Add A Comment Some of you may remember AMD announcing the "Torrenza" technology 10 years ago. The idea was to offer a fast and coherent interface between the CPU and various types of "accelerators" (via Hyper Transport). It was one of the first initiatives to enable "heterogeneous computing". We now have technology that could be labeled "heterogeneous computing", the most popular form being GPU computing. There have been also encryption, compression and network accelerators, but the advantages of those accelerators were never really clear, as shifting data back and forth to the CPU was in many cases less efficient than letting the CPU process it with optimized instructions. Heterogeneous computing was in the professional world mostly limited to HPC; in the consumer world a "nice to have". But times are changing. The sensors of the Internet of Things, the semantic web and the good old www are creating a massive and exponentially growing flood of data that can not be stored and analyzed by traditional means. Machine learning offers a way of classifying all that data and finding patterns "automatically". As a result, we witnessed a "machine learning renaissance", with quite a few breakthroughs. Google had to deal with this years ago before most other companies, and released some of those AI breakthroughs of the Google Brain Team in the Open Source world, one example being "TensorFlow". And when Google releases important technology into the Open Source world, we know we got to pay attention. When Google released the Google File System and Big Table back in 2004 for example, a little bit later the big data revolution with Hadoop, HDFS and NoSQL databases erupted. Big Data thus needs big brains: we need more processing power than ever. As Moore's law is dead (the end of CMOS scaling), we can not expect much from process technology advancements. The processing power has to come from ASICs (see Google's TPU), FPGAs (see Microsoft's project Catapult) and GPUs. Those accelerators need a new "Torrenza technology", a fast, coherent interconnect to the CPU. NVIDIA was first with NVLink, but an open standard would be even better. IBM on the other hand was willing to share the CAPI interface. To that end, Google, AMD, Xilinx, Micron and Mellanox have joined forces with IBM to create a "coherent high performance bus interface" based on a new bus standard called "Open Coherent Accelerator Processor Interface" (OpenCAPI). Capable of a 25Gbits per second per lane data rate, OpenCAPI outperforms the current PCIe specification, which offers a maximum data transfer rate of 8Gbits per second for a PCIe 3.0 lane. We assume that the total bandwidth will be a lot higher for quite a few OpenCAPI devices, as OpenCAPI lanes will be bundled together. It is a win, win for everybody besides Intel. It is clear now that IBM's OpenPOWER initiative is gaining a lot of traction and that IBM is deadly serious about offering an alternative to the Intel dominated datacenter. IBM will implement the OpenCAPI interface in the POWER9 servers in 2017. Those POWER9s will not only have a very fast interface to NVIDIA GPUs (via NVLink), but also to Google's ASICs and Xilinx FPGAs accelerators. Meanwhile this benefits AMD as they get access to an NVLink alternative to link up the Radeon GPU power to the upcoming Zen based server processors. Micron can link faster (and more profitable than DRAM) memory to the CPU. Mellanox can do the same for networking. OpenCAPI is even more important for the Xilinx FPGAs as a coherent interface can make FPGAs attractive for a much wider range of applications than today. And guess what, Dell/EMC has joined this new alliance just a few days ago. Intel has to come up with an answer... Update: courtesy of commenter Yojimbo: "NVIDIA is a member of the OpenCAPI consortium, at the "contributor level", which is the same level Xilinx has. The same is true for HPE (HP Enterprise)". This is even bigger than we thought. Probably the biggest announcement in the server market this year.   Gallery: OpenCAPI Announcement Source: OpenCAPI Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 48 Comments View All Comments OEMG - Friday, October 14, 2016 - link I guess Intel's fine with good ol' PCIe. It's actually crazy how many players are coming up with their own interconnects. Reply patrickjp93 - Friday, October 14, 2016 - link Omnipath and Omniscale. Reply johnpombrio - Friday, October 14, 2016 - link Funny thing is that IBM is also in bed with NVidia using the NVLink and the P100 GPUs with a "5X faster than PCI" bus. So which bus is IBM pushing here? Intel completely owns the server market so exactly who is this for? The China server market? Reply SarahKerrigan - Saturday, October 15, 2016 - link Not quite. Non-x86 server sales account for a little under 15% of server revenue total, and IBM makes up most of that. That's several billion dollars per year worth of hardware. Reply iwod - Saturday, October 15, 2016 - link This is a lot higher then I thought. Where is that data from? Considering x86 has 95%+ of server unit shipped, which means the 5% shipment of non-x86 represent 15% revenue. Reply SarahKerrigan - Saturday, October 15, 2016 - link x86 is actually over 99% of units shipped. Non-x86 systems tend to be mainframes and commercial UNIX systems with a very high per-unit price (a single mainframe can run into the millions of dollars.) So, a much higher percentage of revenue than volume. IDC and Gartner both have data supporting this. Reply lefty2 - Friday, October 14, 2016 - link So.. basically, it's a faster bus than PCIe. Why put all that bullshit at the start of the article? This is nothing to do with machine learning or "heterogeneous computing". Reply diehardmacfan - Friday, October 14, 2016 - link The need for faster interconnects absolutely has to do with heterogeneous computing. This standard isn't for your average gaming GPU. Reply lefty2 - Friday, October 14, 2016 - link No, it's not. It can be used in any application that needs higher bus speed. Also, it could be used for high-end gaming GPU's (why not?) Reply Yojimbo - Friday, October 14, 2016 - link High-end gaming GPUs don't need higher bus speeds. Besides this is targeted towards data center servers. It is made with heterogeneous computing in mind. Even without considering the technical decisions made and how they affect various use cases, this consortium doesn't include Intel so it's going to have to exist in a non-Intel ecosystem. You're not likely to see CAPI in consumer hardware any time soon. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News ASUS ROG GT51 Desktop: Overclocked i7-6700K, GTX 1080 SLI, 64 GB DDR4, $4999 HTC Announces the HTC Bolt - A Sprint-Exclusive Smartphone for LTE Plus NVIDIA Announces Record Q3 FY 2017 Results Best Android Phones: Holiday 2016 Alienware 13 R3: Quad-Core CPU, GeForce GTX 1060, QHD OLED, VR Ready AOC Launches the AG352QCX: 35-Inch 200 Hz 2560×1080 Curved Display with Adaptive-Sync BenQ Announces the ZOWIE XL2540: 24-Inch 240 Hz Full-HD Display 'for e-Sports' Now Shipping: AMD Radeon Pro WX Series Nixeus NX-VUE27P Pro WQHD (2560x1440) Monitor Launched ADATA Ultimate SU800 SSDs in M.2 Announced: Entry-Level 3D NAND SSDs for Laptops ZOTAC ZBOX MAGNUS ERX480: SFF PC with Intel Core i5, AMD Radeon RX480, USB-C Huawei Mate 9 Launch and Hands On: Kirin 960, 5.9in FHD, Daydream VR TWEETS IanCutress: @cavemanjim Give us a shout if you've got time for lunch while you're here IanCutress: @tom_forsyth Hits peak efficiency at the dvfs point then duty cycles. OS still sees non dc freq… https://t.co/QCO9Nvvwgc RyanSmithAT: @XxVcVxX We're not able to reply to everyone. But if your app meets our approval, you should hear from us by mid-December RyanSmithAT: @Dafuqizwrong Many of our editors are part time RyanSmithAT: @Dafuqizwrong We don't have interns per-se (no central office), but junior editors are not expected to know everything right away IanCutress: I can't submit an @EE broadband bug report with dashes or parentheses in description. Wow, that's bad XSS/DB security at the expense of UX. IanCutress: If you're paying someone you describe as an expert to star in an advert for your product, how is said person impartial? IanCutress: RT @anandtech: Last reminder for our Call for Writers. Talented writers wanted to write about technology. Applications close Monday https:/… RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: Last reminder for our Call for Writers. Talented writers wanted to write about technology. Applications close Monday https:/… RyanSmithAT: @chrisheinonen If you need some extra space for a 60-inch 4K, let me know. I'd be glad to house it indefinitely, as a favor ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices ganeshts: @DanMatte Yup,including TB3 ports is a great value-add for any computing system, but we need other ports also for practical purposes ganeshts: No doubt that USB-C is the future, and adoption should be driven up. The Q is - are notebooks having ONLY those por… https://t.co/kgVGy6Tpip ganeshts: .@Krewell Thunderbolt 3's versatility should be complementary to existing ports, not full-blown replacement. Apple's usage not convincing ganeshts: @guspaz @troywolv That is the problem with ISPs that also deliver TV. IPTV / OTT cut into that revenue segment, caps are a counter Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Google Web US & World Google News launches fact check feature ahead of Election Day Just in time by Amar Toor@amartoo Oct 14, 2016, 7:39am EDT share tweet Linkedin Ty Wright/Getty Images Google News this week launched a fact check feature that will be displayed in searches for news stories. The feature, announced on Thursday, launches amid a US presidential election that has been marred by misinformation and outright lies, most glaringly from Republican candidate Donald Trump. The "fact check" label will now appear in expanded story boxes on the Google News website and mobile apps, alongside other labels such as "opinion" and "highly cited." It is currently available for users in the US and UK. Google uses its Claim Review process to algorithmically determine whether a fact check is relevant to a given story, and highlights sources that "follow the commonly accepted criteria for fact checks." It is not clear how many fact check sites have been included in Google's system, though the company invited sites to apply in a blog post published yesterday. "We’re excited to see the growth of the Fact Check community and to shine a light on its efforts to divine fact from fiction, wisdom from spin," Richard Gingras, Google's head of news, wrote in the blog post. As The Guardian notes, Facebook has yet to deploy any fact-checking systems, despite being an increasingly important source of news. The social network has come under criticism in recent months for continually promoting fake news stories through its "Trending Topics" algorithm. Source: Google Via: The Guardian Next Up In 2016 Election Trump chooses Breitbart News boss Stephen Bannon to be his chief strategist Mark Zuckerberg warns about Facebook 'becoming arbiters of truth' Two of Silicon Valley's stars were harassed over their opposition to Trump Suicide hotlines receive record number of calls after the election — many from LGBTQ people Peter Thiel will reportedly join Donald Trump’s transition team This election was a tipping point for marijuana legalization Now Trending Stop stressing and stare at the closest supermoon we've seen in 69 years How to buy Nintendo's NES Classic YouTube filmmaking duo Sneaky Zebra on shooting their incredible cosplay music videos This Article has a component height of 7. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest US & World 2016 Election Trump chooses Breitbart News boss Stephen Bannon to be his chief strategist by Rich McCormick Donald Trump has named Stephen Bannon, the executive chairman of far-right publication Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. The president-elect announced that Bannon would be working alongside Reince Priebus, a long-time... New, 12 comments Science Energy Environment ExxonMobil is supporting the Paris climate agreement by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak The energy industry has long resisted efforts to rein in fossil fuel consumption for decades to combat climate change. It is mildly surprising then, that ExxonMobil released a statement earlier this week announcing its support of the Paris climate... New, 5 comments Tech Cybersecurity Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Adult dating service company Friend Finder Network has reportedly been hacked, with over 412 million accounts, e-mail addresses and passwords from their websites made available on criminal marketplaces. Notably, the database does not include more... New, 10 comments Circuit Breaker Tech Gadgets The Anti-Snore Wearable is a very literally named product by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Can you guess what the Anti-Snore Wearable is designed to do? Hm. I wonder... The Anti-Snore Wearable launched on Kickstarter earlier this week and is a band that wraps around a wearer’s arm. It vibrates whenever its companion iOS / Android app... New, 7 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Nintendo This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Nintendo’s NES Classic Edition sold out in minutes when it was released on Friday, but you can take a look at what it’s made of thanks to YouTuber JerryRigEverything, who dismantled the console in a short teardown video. The console is simpler... New, 4 comments Science Space NASA Stop stressing and stare at the closest supermoon we've seen in 69 years by Loren Grush@lorengrush This Monday, the early morning night sky will be treated to an extra special supermoon. You may be asking yourself "what’s the point?"; It feels like there’s a new supermoon every other month, and there are other bigger things to worry about right... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Apps Apps News Google Daydream Keyboard for VR Now Available for Android; Supports in Daydream Apps  Ketan Pratap, 14 October 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights New Daydream Keyboard app available to download The Daydream Keyboard app is built for VR typing Daydream View launched earlier this month at $79 Google at its hardware event earlier this month unveiled the new Pixel smartphones and also showcased the brand new Daydream View VR headset. The company's second virtual reality headset has been priced at $79 (approximately Rs. 5,300), and requires a Daydream-ready smartphone to work. Now, Google in an attempt to bolster its virtual reality ecosystem has released the Daydream Keyboard app for VR typing. The new app is now available to download via Google Play. The Daydream Keyboard app for Android is only compatible with Daydream-ready phones, and this means, the app will work with Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones as of now. The Google Play listing for the Keyboard app says that the app is for text entry in Daydream apps and "some Daydream apps will not work if you uninstall Daydream Keyboard." The screenshots on Google Play show that the interface of the Daydream Keyboard app is slightly different from regular keyboard apps and has alphabets in the middle while the number panel is housed on the right. The Daydream Keyboard has evidently been built to work with virtual reality headsets. Google at the unveiling marketed the new Daydream View VR headset as designed and developed by Google and was the company's first Daydream-ready headset and controller. The new Daydream View headset is built out of wearable-style fabrics and is said to be 30 percent lighter than similar headsets. The Daydream View comes with an auto-alignment system for compatible phones as well. The Daydream View controller sports sensors and is capable of understanding movements and gestures. For Daydream View, Google will make immersive video content available to users from creators including Buzzfeed, PrankvsPrank, Meredith Foster, CollegeHumor, Tastemade, UnboxTherapy and VSauce2. It will be available in Snow, Slate, and Crimson colours, and will go on sale in November. Google has also announced that it will give away free Daydream View units to people who pre-book the Pixel phones in the US. Tags: Google, Daydream, Daydream VR, Daydream View, VR Headset, Daydream View Price, Virtual Reality, VR, VR Keyboard, Wearables, Apps, Android Ketan PratapEmail Ketan Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Ketan is a ... More Google Pixel Phone Ads Appear on Home Page; Telstra Ships Handsets a Week Early Google Daydream Keyboard for VR Now Available for Android; Supports in Daydream Apps MESSAGE Ketan Pratap Fields marked with * are mandatory From: *   Email:   Message: *   2000             Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets » Latest HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Motorola Moto M Lyf F8 Asus ZenFone 3 Max (ZC553KL) General Mobile GM5 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G Porsche Design Huawei Mate 9 Meizu Pro 6s Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 ZTE CYMBAL-T Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10) Intex Aqua Power M Meizu M5 Popular iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » Google Play Gift Card In Digital Entertainment Buy Now Rs. 750 Hungama Music Card In Digital Entertainment Buy Now Rs. 269 Micromax Canvas Juice 4G ... In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 8,100Rs. 5,999 Moto G Turbo Edition In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 14,499Rs. 9,549 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe No, PM Modi's Announcements Are Not Going to Push Digital Payments Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Kunal Dua MacBook Pro 2016 Is the Touchscreen Mac You've Always Wanted Advertisement Recent Microsoft Office Apps for Android Will Be Supported on Chrome OS Facebook to Stop Ethnicity-Based Targeting for Some Ads US Election Night Was a Rare Bright Spot for Twitter China's Cyber Security Law Draws Criticism From Global Industry Groups Paytm Unveils 'Nearby' Feature to Help Discover Paytm-Ready Merchants Facebook Buys Social Media Buzz Tracker CrowdTangle Two Major Russian Banks Say Hit by Cyber-Attacks 50-Day Payment Holiday for HP Customers After Currency Demonetisation Alibaba Posts Record Singles' Day Sales, but Growth Slows Mark Zuckerberg Among Facebook Users Mistakenly Declared 'Dead' More News TRENDING Reliance Communications Launches Its First Android-Based 4G LTE HomePhone Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Review Sony Xperia XZ Review Rs. 2000 Note GPS Rumours, BlackBerry's Back in India, and More This Week Best Phones Under Rs. 15,000 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review No, New Rs. 2000 Note Will Not Have a 'Nano GPS Chip' OnePlus 3 Buyers Will Be the Only Losers With the OnePlus 3T Launch Should You Buy the PS4 Pro or Stick With the PS4? Read This and Decide Asus ZenFone 3 Max Launched in Two Variants in India Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google’s Pixel Camera App Is Now Available For Nexus Devices By Tyler Lee on 10/14/2016 04:31 PST With the launch of the Pixel phones, Google is trying out something different and that is feature exclusivity. This means that there are some features on the Pixel phones, such as Google Assistant and the camera app that won’t be available to non-Pixel phones as well, and this unfortunately includes Nexus handsets. However that might no longer be the case. Developer @LlabTooFeR seems to have successfully managed to create a dump of the Pixel and Pixel XL’s system image, and the folks at XDA have also successfully managed to port the Google Camera app from that dump to work on devices running Android 7.0 Nougat. At this point in time that pretty much means Google’s Nexus devices. According to the developers at XDA, they claim to have successfully managed to get the app running on Nexus devices like the Nexus 5X and the Nexus 6P. Now for the most part, the app still functions like Google’s camera app on Android, although there are some tweaks and changes that make it more useful for photographers who might need slightly more advanced controls. If you’re just after a simple camera app then we guess this might not necessarily be what you’re after, but if you’re curious and want to check it out, head on over to XDA for the download. Filed in Cellphones >Photo-Video. Read more about Android, Apps, Google, Nexus 5X, nexus 6p and pixel. Key Specs Nexus 6P Nexus 5X Status Released Released Display Diagonal 5.7" (14.48 cm) 5.2" (13.21 cm) Processor/Soc Name Snapdragon 810 Snapdragon 808 Street Price (Approx) ~ $399 Search low Nexus 6P price (Amazon) ~ $310 Search low Nexus 5X price (Amazon) Max. Total Storage Capacity 128 GB 32 GB Megapixels 12 Megapixel 12.3 Megapixel Battery Capacity (mAh) 3450 mAh 2700 mAh Complete product data Google Nexus 6P Full specs and details Google Nexus 5X Full specs and details Related Articles 2016-11-12 Google Pixel XL VS LG V20 In Speed Test 2016-11-11 Google+ On Mobile Browsers Now Supports AMP Links 2016-11-11 Real-Life Photos Of Project Ara And Specs Revealed 2016-11-11 Google Assistant Will Be Open To Third-Parties In December 2016-11-11 Night Mode Could Be Returning To Nexus Devices 2016-11-01 Google ‘Evaluating’ Fingerprint Gestures For Nexus 5X/6P 2016-10-28 Google Giving Some Pixel Customers $50 In Play Store Credit 2016-10-14 Google’s Pixel Phones Ship With Hangouts Disabled 2016-09-12 Google’s Nexus Launcher Has Been Renamed To The ‘Pixel Launcher’ Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Wearables Google Google may launch two Android Wear powered smartwatches in early 2017 There is no clarity on who will manufacture the wearables for Google. By Agamoni Ghosh October 14, 2016 12:43 BST Google building two new smartwatches running Android Wear 2.0 operating systemGetty Images Google is rumoured to release two smartwatches running on Android Wear 2.0 in early 2017. Famed tipster Evan Blass tweeted about the two watches citing an old story which had speculated a smartwatch from Google in 2017. The latest tip by Blass indicates that these smartwatches could be the first to come with Android Wear 2.0. Recently, Google had declared that it is postponing the roll out of Android Wear 2.0 to 2017, but did not give any specific reason for the delay. However, it now seems like the company could introduce the final build of the latest Android Wear 2.0 via these watches. While rumours of the two smartwatches have been doing the rounds for a while, there is no clarity as to which company would manufacture the devices for Google. The company has partnered with prominent Android OEMs like LG, Motorola, Huawei and HTC to manufacture its phones and tablets and all these companies have indicated that they have no plans to release an Android Wear this year. Some rumours had pointed towards HTC striking a deal with Google for making both the Pixel phone range and the smartwatch. Although HTC did make the Pixel there have been no reports that suggest it was working on the smartwatch. In fact, 2016 has been a low-profile year for Android Wear as no significant release took place from OEM's compared to Apple which launched the Watch 2 and Samsung which launched the Gear S3. Analysts say companies did not want to waste their resources on a wearable whose software upgrade would not have been available until the end of 2016. Google's two smartwatches will be released with Android Wear 2.0 in Q1 2017 [image courtesy of: https://t.co/so8uJyEZCy] pic.twitter.com/ruejqXSNSy— Evan Blass (@evleaks) October 13, 2016 More technology news Google launches 'Fact Check' to show accuracy of news articles ahead of US elections China would welcome Facebook and Google return 'if they play by the rules' First prototypes of Google's self-driving Chrysler Pacifica minivan spotted in California Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close What does the Uber tribunal ruling mean for the gig economy? Columnists Joe Glenton “Rethinking Remembrance: Why I'll be wearing a black poppy this year READ MORE WhatsApp enables two-step verification feature but in beta version Latest WhatsApp beta for Android adds ability to play audio messages in the background. Microsoft fixes Surface Pro 3 battery issue through new firmware update The System Firmware Update - 11/7/2016 is available to install from Windows Update. Samsung releases November Android security patches for Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge The update is seeding for unlocked devices in Europe. Hundreds of Uber drivers go without payment after 'banking glitch' Some drivers are unable to work because they cannot cover their fuel costs. BioWare reveals details on new Mass Effect Andromeda companion characters Liam and PeeBee Creative director Mac Walters sheds light on some of the sci-fi RPG's new characters' personalities. Signups for encrypted communication platform ProtonMail double after Trump victory People are flocking to use the encrypted mail service fearing increased surveillance by the state. UK video game deals: PS4 Pro, Xbox One bundles, Overwatch, Call of Duty and more Your round-up of the week's best gaming deals and discounts. WH Smith shuts website for hours to stop sales of manuals on bomb-making One of the terror manuals was reportedly purchased via a US source by Thomas Mair, the alleged murderer of late MP Jo... Unicode signs off on 51 new emojis including breastfeeding, a hijab and more Some of the multiple emojis shortlisted range from a zombie and vampire to a sandwich and an exploding head. Apple may launch 3 iPad models in 2017 including a bezel free variant The bezel free display could also mean the removal of the home button. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Hot Topics: News Video Reviews Phones Tablets Android Nougat Apps How-to Submit a Tip greenbot Popular Stories: A list of all the Google Now voice commands 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8) 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3 Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks Search Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Apps All Apps Entertainment Software Games Productivity Software Social Media Utility Software Carriers Gadgets Google Services All Google Services Google Apps Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events All Tech Events Back to School Holiday Gift Guide News Tips Submit a tip Home Android Five to Try By Andrew Hayward Follow About | Each week, we highlight five apps or games worth taking the time to download. Feature Five to Try: FIFA Mobile Soccer takes the pitch, and Sprayscape serves up surreal VR photos Check out this week's biggest new Android apps and games. More like this The 20 best free Android games to play right now Five to Try: Pokémon Go offers active adventure, and ASAP Launcher lives up to... Five to Try: Google Duo delivers easy video calling, and Deus Ex Go dazzles on... DealPosts 68% off Anker Astro E1 Ultra Compact High Speed Portable Charger - Deal Alert Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments Greenbot | Oct 14, 2016 4:00 AM PT RELATED TOPICS Android Apps Games Comments If you’re a footie fanatic, then this week’s release of FIFA Mobile Soccer probably has you pumped up—it’s EA Sports’ latest free-to-play Android take on its long-running simulation, offering an event-filled career to play through. It also leads this week’s Five to Try column, which has a few other new and updated picks to consider. Google’s Sprayscape is an intriguing, albeit offbeat Android Experiment that lets you create warped photospheres for VR, while Amazon’s new Music Unlimited streaming service undercuts Spotify on price while seeming comparable on content. Also new this week is the great Flappy Golf 2, which is as goofy and fun as it sounds, as well as a Skylanders Creator app that lets you custom-build heroes and 3D-printed toys. FIFA Mobile Soccer FIFA offers up a traditional simulation, but mostly breaks the action up into smaller challenges and drills. EA Sports’ annual FIFA soccer simulation has been top-class for years now, but rather than drop a new release each year, FIFA Mobile Soccer is the one app you’ll need for some time to come. FIFA Mobile Soccer will be regularly updated with new events, updated team and roster info, and other tweaks going forward, much like EA’s Madden NFL Mobile and the recent NBA Live Mobile. At its core, FIFA Mobile Soccer doesn’t deviate too strongly from last year’s entry: the touch controls are super streamlined, although virtual buttons are also available, and the game looks pretty sharp on a smartphone. The campaign is based on the FIFA Ultimate Team mode, wherein you’ll collect player cards to build a killer squad and play through an array of drills, matches, and other challenges. Typical freemium restrictions are here, including an energy meter, and there are ample opportunities to spend money. But with a little patience, you’ll find plenty of sharp soccer action to play for free here. Sprayscape You kind of have to see it in motion (try it, the app’s free). Google’s Cardboard Camera is one of the must-try Cardboard VR apps on Android, as it lets you create a realistic photosphere of your surroundings with ease. Sprayscape, meanwhile, is something different: it still lets you capture immersive recreations of what’s around you, but the goal isn’t accuracy or realism. Instead, you’ll tap anywhere in the 360-degree virtual room to fill it with a photo “spray” from your camera. Keep tapping all around and you can create something semi-authentic, albeit with odd breaks and distortions. But the purpose is really to let you customize something original and unique, and the app can be used to create trick photography scenes or merge together multiple environments into one. The results can then be viewed in a web browser, on your phone, or via a Cardboard headset. It’s another curious little Android Experiment from Google: not essential, but worth a few minutes of fiddling if you like weird little creative apps. Flappy Golf 2 Long after Flappy Bird’s demise, Flappy Golf lives on. The original Flappy Golf was a free and fantastic treat, so we’re thrilled to see Noodlecake return to the greens with Flappy Golf 2. Like the original, it takes the tap-to-flap premise of short-lived mobile phenom Flappy Bird and pumps it into a side-scrolling golf game, in which you must reach the cup with as few flaps as possible. In short, it’s Super Stickman Golf with flaps instead of swings. And in this case, the awesome Super Stickman Golf 3 provides the 29 current courses with more promised down the line. It’s totally free to play, although you’ll encounter ads—both small on-screen banners and occasional pop-ups. Also, local multiplayer is currently missing despite being in the Google Play listing, which early players are a little upset about. Still, like its predecessor, Flappy Golf 2 is a blast. Amazon Music The cool Side by Side playlists give you artist commentary on their most notable songs. Amazon Prime members who are happily locked into the retailer’s discount and perk-heavy ecosystem, take note: the company finally has a streaming music service that can compete with the likes of Spotify and Apple Music. Launched this week, Amazon Music Unlimited promises tens of millions of streaming, ad-free songs, seemingly putting it on par with the industry leaders.  The existing Prime Music service, which comes free to Prime subscribers, only has a few million tracks and lacks most newer releases, but Music Unlimited stands apart… and also costs extra money, as a result. Prime members can add it for $8/month or $80/year, cheaper than standalone competitors, while non-members pay $10/month. Still, if you’re already reaping the benefits of Prime, you’ll save a couple bucks a month by switching to Music Unlimited—assuming it has all the same artists and tracks you love. Find out by snagging the free 30-day trial. Skylanders Creator Create your hero, send it into the game, and even order a physical toy if you’d like. Skylanders popularized the toys-to-life console game experience, and while rival Disney Infinity bit the dust earlier this year, Activision’s franchise keeps on chugging. New entry Skylanders Imaginators is out on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Wii U, and older hardware this week, but there’s also a fun companion app available on Android that lets you customize your own characters. With Skylanders Creator, you can build your own cartoonish warrior using an array of apparel, weapons, fighting techniques, and more, and then transfer that character into the console game. Better yet, you can order a custom 3D-printed, NFC-chipped figurine of the creation, which you can then bring into the game with the portal peripheral. Even if you don’t plan on playing the new Skylanders on a console, this could be a fun app for kids to get creative with character designs. RELATED TOPICS Android Apps Games Previous Post Five to Try: Facebook Marketplace opens shop, and Giphy Cam gets weird with custom GIFs Next Post Five to Try: Plants vs. Zombies battle with cards, and Google offers its own wallpaper app Andrew Hayward — Contributor Andrew Hayward is a Chicago-based games, apps, and gadgets writer whose work has been featured in more than 50 publications. He's also a work-at-home dad to a wild toddler. View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies Popular Resources Network Access Gone Rogue How HPE's Global Partner of the Year Does Data Security Taming The Big Data Explosion See All Go Popular on Greenbot 15 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3 These tips will quickly have you using LG's new flagship phone like a pro. Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks A list of all the Google Now voice commands Newsletter Get the latest news, trends, apps, and tips for your Android phone. Get our Greenbot download newsletter Go 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8) Go from newbie to expert in 10 minutes with this collection of tips. Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android With a ton in the Google Play Store, here are some of the best backup and utility apps around. More from... Featured Stories Five to Try: Android Auto, The Trail, Remixlive, Galaga Wars... Refresh your phone with these new and updated apps and games. The best cases for the Galaxy S7 Edge Give your curvy smartphone the right amount of protection and style that it deserves. 8 things Google Assistant does on Pixel that it can't do in Allo All Google Assistants are not created equal. Tips and tricks to get the most out of your Pixel phone The first true Google phone has a lot of powerful features, but for some of them you'll need to know... Sponsored Links Building a cloud business case? Need data to back up your cloud strategy? Greenbot Follow us Apps Carriers Gadgets Google Services Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events News Tips Submit a tip Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Copyright © 2016 IDG Consumer & SMB. All rights reserved. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
rediff.com Rediff Business News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Business » How Facebook can disrupt OLX, Quikr's marketplace How Facebook can disrupt OLX, Quikr's marketplace October 14, 2016 16:23 IST With its free listing of goods and services, Facebook could disrupt the paid model adopted by classified players in the country, say Ayan Pramanik and Raghu Krishnan. Facebook Marketplace is yet to expand into India, but among the first listings is Handwork of India, a Maryland shop that sells desi clothes to customers in the United States. The Indian store has received good ratings from shoppers and its products are visible to other users on the social media platform who might be interested in buying them. The mobile-first marketplace, which allows people to buy, sell and discover items within a community, is only available in the US, the UK, Australia and New Zealand -- the developed, English-speaking countries. But it is a matter of time before Facebook brings the concept to India. The country has over a billion mobile phone subscribers, of which over 200 million use smartphones that allow them to access internet on the go. Currently, Facebook has over 150 million users in India, a majority of whom access the social media site on their smartphones, making the country an especially ripe destination for its marketplace platform. On a growth path India’s digital classifieds industry is expected to grow three-fold to $ 1.2 billion (around Rs 7,900 crore) by 2020, with horizontal classifieds, which include services such as jobs, real estate, autos, and so forth, cornering around 30 per cent of the share, according to a joint study by Google and KPMG in September. Google says search trend reveals that the non-metros, such as Pune, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Kochi, Coimbatore, Indore and Jaipur, have seen a four-fold increase in local searches for e-services, real estate and automobiles. Crucially, people are ready to pay a fee to get their work done. Which means those who list their services have a monetising opportunity as well. For instance, 59 per cent of those who buy second hand goods are willing to pay for quality verification or home delivery; 43 per cent of job portal users are ready to pay for auto application for vacancies and 40 per cent of  consumers searching for real estate do not mind paying for legal verification of property, said the KPMG and Google report. Facebook’s marketplace is designed to offer such classified postings for free within a community for people to buy and sell goods. Transactions and delivery of goods, however, are done outside of the platform. Disruptive force In India, Facebook’s potential entry could disrupt the models built by Naspers-owned OLX and Tiger Global-backed Quikr. While buyers and sellers can list on Facebook for free, other existing players offer the service for a fee. OLX and Quikr did not respond to an email seeking comments. Interestingly, both OLX and Quikr have claimed market leadership in the listings category. “India is a key early market for OLX, in which we had to deploy significant capital in the last fiscal years. This investment has been put to very good use by out-executing our main competitor, Quikr,” Martin Scheepbouwer, CEO  (classifieds business), Naspers, told investors in June. Quikr had retorted to that saying that OLX was yet to make money in India, while pointing that its rival was using selective data to stake leadership claim. “In a growing market like India where various data sources contradict each other, selectively cherry-picking sources that present a favourable picture of one’s own business can be very misleading,” said Prasun Mandal, head analytics, Quikr.  “In addition, there is the inconvenient truth that our monetisation is growing strongly and is in tens of millions of dollars, while our competitor is yet to even start generating revenue. We fully agree that the horizontal classifieds battle in India is over. We just disagree on who has won it.” Slugging it out While the two online classifieds companies battle it out to prove who the winner is, analysts say, Facebook’s marketplace could be the real threat. “Whether you like it or not, doing something at scale and usability are big problems not many companies have been able to solve... Facebook has been able to do this successfully,” says Sanchit Gogia, founder and chief executive, Greyhound Research, a technology researcher. “It is a community which they have successfully built, now they are taking this community to commerce. Facebook is going to the next level, where it can see itself making money,” he adds. However, the marketplace could have been a bigger threat if it had taken care of payments and delivery as well. “It could be a powerful idea to start such a platform, especially because of Facebook’s large user base. But, it would have been a threat to the existing players if the social media site had enabled payment and delivery,” says Pinaki Ranjan Mishra, partner and national leader (business and risk advisory services), EY.  Ayan Pramanik and Raghu Krishnan Source: Tags: OLX, Facebook, Google, India, KPMG Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT MOST EMAILED MOST COMMENTED 'India an example of how we globalise marketplace' Teen golfer Aditi Ashok scripts historic Women's Indian Open victory Day 4: India continues to stand in queue as banks work on Sunday Pak violated ceasefire 286 times after surgical strike: BSF We had all our bases covered: Kohli Revoke note ban before situation goes out of hand: Kejriwal Black money is not just wads of notes Govt clarifies again: Deposits up to Rs 2.5 lakh won't be reported for tax Deadline extended: Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes valid for key utilities till Nov 14 Govt, BJP to counter anti-demonetisation campaign 'A chaiwala did, what an economist couldn't' Check out the new Rs 500, 2,000 notes! Don't hoard cash; come to banks when you need money: RBI On Day 3, people 'endlessly wait' outside banks and ATMs for cash How demonetisation affects India Inc EU lauds India's demonetisation move; says it will help financial system Moneywiz Live! Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India Business News  |  Indian Stock Market News  |  Bollywood Movies  |  Indian Cricket News  |  India News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2013 © 2016 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu CHECK YOUR NADS, LADS My balls-out fight against testicular cancer Written by Roland Henry October 14, 2016 Cancer kicked me in the nuts—so I kicked back. (Reuters/Mike Segar) Share Written by Roland Henry October 14, 2016 I had been living in Berlin for nearly six months when I had a bit of a kick in the nuts. Skyping my girlfriend in Australia, things were getting a little raunchy when I first came across “it”—“it” felt like a lumpy marble lodged inside my ball sack. I went a little white. It was definitely a mood killer. My girlfriend suggested it was an infection of some kind, but Dr. Google and my own suspicions said otherwise. I spent the next few hours searching “lump in my testicles,” which lead me to discover various facts and figures on my condition. Most signs pointed to testicular cancer, which is the most common cancer among young men in their 20s and early 30s. According to Cancer Research UK, in 2013 2,296 new cases were reported in the UK alone—and over half of those were in under 35 year olds. I was 35. My heart sank a little. I had no idea how long the lump had been there, but one thing was clear—I needed to get it checked by a doctor, pronto. I went to bed fearing the worst, and­ work the next day was fretful. I was working for a new art gallery that was just starting up, and we had a new girl in who needed a lot of help. I didn’t have the patience or mindfulness to give her the answers and help she needed, and when she left the room, I crumbled and broached the subject with my male colleague. He immediately told me to take the rest of the day off and get checked out at hospital. Digging out my health insurance papers, I got outside to find my car battery was dead, which spiralled me further into sweaty panic. After a quick jump from a taxi, I was on my way to one of Berlin’s extremely clean, well-equipped university hospitals. With a mix of crappy German and average English, I awkwardly explained to the nurse what the issue was and joined a handful of other people in the emergency waiting room. A short time later I found my balls being fondled by a young doctor who covered my nuts in clear gel and examined the lump with an ultrasound. He seemed more nervous than me.  I suddenly felt as if all my masculinity was essentially reduced to a few dangly bits between my legs, leaving me questioning what it really was that made me a man. My Google doctorate had furnished me with the possibility that this was probably cancer, and I’d probably lose a bollock. My doctor confirmed that I was most likely correct. A few minutes later, some more gel, an ultrasound, and more fondling, and his colleague concurred. Both of them asked if I’d had any complications when my balls dropped in childhood, but I could barely remember what I’d done last week, let alone whether one of my plums had struggled to drop when I was a kid. I resigned myself to the fact that this was happening, and for a moment I was oddly elevated, almost nonchalant. I felt I was lucky that I’d found it reasonably early, that I was in the best sturdy German hands, and that all of this was going to be totally fine. Testicular cancer has a relatively low chance of metastasis to your lymph glands, lungs, and brain—and even to the other testicle. Although there are no real preventative measures to guard against the disease, it is extremely curable, especially if caught early. Testicular Cancer Society figures put the success rate at over 95%. I felt pretty small and afraid for a moment, but in the grand scheme of horrible things happening in the world, if all I had to endure was losing one of my balls, things really weren’t that bad. But when the doctors left the room, I blinked back tears. Left alone, the possibility that it could have spread likewise metastasized through my brain. My personal health aside, I’m not ashamed to say that I was also afraid I’d lose all the parts that essentially made me feel like a man. I suddenly felt as if all my masculinity was essentially reduced to a few dangly bits between my legs, leaving me questioning what it really was that made me a man.  As men, the media has taught us that we’re all supposed to stay strong and never show emotion or weakness. As men, the media has taught us that we’re all supposed to stay strong and never show emotion or weakness. It’s instilled in us from a young age with chiselled action heroes and staunch, emotionless stereotypes. It’s hammered home in the playgrounds and streets every time we call each other chicken—or worse. Whereas women are often typified as emoting their feelings, men are supposed to bottle up their emotions and pretend everything’s just fine. So initially, that’s what I did. I went home feeling stunned and fell asleep exhausted. The next morning I headed back to the hospital for more checks. It was a long day of ball-fondling, forms, signatures, and the option of freezing sperm. Thinking this was the only chance I’d ever get to be offered a cryology service, I said yes without blinking. It was pretty surreal. I saw an older nurse who took some information from me, slapped a label on a small container, and showed me to a small room with a solid, lockable door and a decent box of tissues. Safely entombed in my chamber, I looked around at the contents of the room: a Pirelli calendar and a few soft-porn mags from the 1990s. They looked glossily back at me from beneath pastel eyeshadow and bouncy ponytails. I reached for my phone and called my girlfriend for help. Dropping off the sample, I watched in embarrassment as the nurse swirled it around in the light, seemingly happy with the result. A few more forms, another couple of different clinics, blood, and urine samples, and a surgery appointment locked in… and I was apparently free to go. I headed home thinking of who I was supposed to tell about this sort of thing. Wanting to let as many people as possible know so I didn’t have to repeat the story a million times, I decided to drop a Facebook post about it, explaining as light-heartedly as possible that I had testicular cancer and everyone else should check their chaps too. Sharing the news of my health felt like I’d broken some kind of sacred man-code. However, having grown up with three sisters and my mum predominantly taking care of us on her own, I guess the female influence helped show me that I could be vulnerable without compromising what it was to be a man. The response was amazing. I was overwhelmed with people offering their support and encouragement for sharing my story so openly. Inadvertently, I’d spoken about something that touched people. I didn’t feel heroic, or big, or even particularly brave, but it seemed I’d opened up something inside my friends that they could all relate to—the vulnerability and humanity of us all. Two days later and I was in surgery at 6:30am. Donning a medical gown, I was put into a small holding room with a couple of other uncomfortable inmates heading in for human butchery. It wasn’t really until I was being wheeled into the operating theater that my veneer of sensible, rational thought disappeared. My mantra of “Everything Will Be Fine” gave way to “Oh My Fucking God They’re Going To Castrate Me.”  My mantra of “Everything Will Be Fine” gave way to “Oh My Fucking God They’re Going To Castrate Me.” My benign serenity faltered. I began to panic. What happened if the other one had cancer as well? What happened if they took both of them and I could never orgasm again? What happened if my dick got cancer and they took that off too? Trying not to breathe too heavily, I nodded as bravely as I could at the nurse clamping on my oxygen mask. Counting back from 10, I felt the blackness of the anaesthetic crawl up my arm. I woke up feeling like I’d been thrown down a flight of stairs and then kicked in the goolies. An old guy was coughing to my left. A younger bloke was lying over to my right, staring out of the window. I coughed and immediately winced. A few close friends made the pilgrimage to see me, and I did my best to entertain them, but I got tired pretty quickly. After a couple of days I was allowed out, and I spent most of the following weeks lying down. My girlfriend was amazingly supportive during the whole process, and despite my fears that she’d be scared off by the ordeal, she was a total rock throughout. A CT scan and outpatient appointment confirmed I was cancer free just weeks later, and I was well on the road to recovery. I felt super fortunate. The doctor confirmed I’d been “unluckily lucky” in many ways—the cancer was one of the least aggressive forms, and I’d found it early. There was no spread, and I was completely covered under my work’s health insurance. A month and a half later and I’m as healthy as I ever was. I’m supposed to go for a short, mild chemo session to reduce my chances of other cancer from 15-20% down to 2-3%, and I’ll need to go for yearly check-ups to stay on top of things. But, for now, it already seems like a distant memory. The response from friends and family and the huge amount of support I’ve received across the board has been amazing, but the best thing about it was the messages from friends who came out with their own stories of cancer battles or approached me with private concerns over their own bodies. Hopefully me speaking out about my issues has enabled a few others to realize that it’s really not that scary to man-up and get their junk seen by a specialist or to cop a feel yourself. It might still be viewed as “weak” by the old guard to discuss your fears or concerns, but hey—it’s 2016. We men should be able to talk about stuff like this openly without stigma or judgment. Women speak openly about breast and ovarian cancer in both private and public forums, and that helps raise awareness and provide vital early treatment. The fact I was so open about my own ordeal probably saved my life—and hopefully it will save a few others’, too. We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Events Advertise Google’s Interstitials Penalty to Affect AdSense Page-level Ads? Mobile Search  News  SEO August 30, 2016 Mobile Search News SEO Matt SouthernAugust 30, 2016 SEJ STAFF 387SHARES 1.0KREAD 387SHARES 1.0KREAD SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 387SHARES 1.0KREAD Last week, Google announced it will be rolling out a penalty in mobile search targeted at web pages featuring full-page interstitials (intrusive pop-up ads). This penalty will come into effect after January 10, 2017, and there has been some confusion as to whether or not AdSense Page-level ads will be affected. The questions was asked on Twitter, and Google’s John Mueller gave a somewhat vague response: @bonirulzz @googlewmc What's important to us is the effect as described in our blog post, no matter where it comes from. — John Mueller (@JohnMu) August 28, 2016 The effect as described in Google’s blog post does not exactly apply to AdSense Page-level ads. There are two types of Page-level ads: anchor/overlay ads and vignette ads. Google’s official documentation describes anchor/overlay ads as: “mobile ads that stick to the edge of the user’s screen and are easily dismissible.” Since anchor/overlay ads to not cover a user’s entire screen, there’s no discernible reason why pages featuring those ads should fall victim to Google’s upcoming penalty. For that matter, neither should vignette ads, which Google describes as being “displayed when the user leaves a page, rather than when they arrive on one, so the user doesn’t have to wait for them to load.” With that being said, it should help clear up the confusion people may have about AdSense Page-level ads being affected by the interstitials penalty. While anchor/overlay ads appear immediately upon arrival, they do not cover the entire screen. Vignette ads do cover the entire screen, but only appear upon departure. Pages utilizing either type of ad should, in theory, be in the clear once the new penalty rolls out. Related Posts Rap Genius Back On First Page Of Google After 10-Day Penalty Google Hits Rap Genius With A Spam Penalty Resulting in 80% Traffic Loss 3 Steps to Take When You Suspect an Algorithmic Penalty From Google Google: Consider Removing App Download Interstitials From Your Mobile Site Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) Bing Ads Introduces App Install Ads in Pilot Program for US Advertisers - November 11, 2016 Google to Retire Map Maker, Migrate Features to Google Maps - November 9, 2016 Google is Cracking Down on Repeat Offenders of Safe Browsing - November 9, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   David Waters I thought the same thing where good ads on leaving or going to another page within the site (so leaving the site is not correct) – these ads appear intermittently rather than after eaxh page display so i dont see a problem with them semalaia4n Graet information about the Affect AdSense Page-level Ads.another page within the site is adsense pagelevel and its interesting. semalaia4n Nice information about the Google’s Interstitials Penalty to Affect AdSense Page-level Ads.Your explanation is very nice.Thanks for sharing. Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Chris Boggs on Setting Up Internal Agency Teams for Success See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 Google is Splitting its Search Index, Prioritizing Mobile over Desktop 10.5K reads 10/15/2016 2 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 6.7K reads 10/30/2016 3 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 4.2K reads 11/7/2016 4 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 3.9K reads 11/7/2016 5 How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 3.4K reads 10/17/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 3 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 4 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 5 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Memorialized Account Bug is “Killing” People on Facebook Related Posts 1 Rap Genius Back On First Page Of Google After 10-Day Penalty 2 Google Hits Rap Genius With A Spam Penalty Resulting in 80% Traffic Loss 3 Google to Devalue Web Pages With App Download Interstitials As of Today 4 Google: Consider Removing App Download Interstitials From Your Mobile Site [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
How-To Geek Articles l l How to Easily Put a Windows PC into Kiosk Mode With Assigned Access The Best Web Browsers for Speed, Battery Life, and Customization How to Monitor Your Computer’s CPU Temperature How to Save Money on Smarthome Products Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+   FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY   TRIVIA Search How-To Geek The Best Home Screen Launchers for Android Android’s launcher is one of the most important parts of the user interface. It’s the first thing you see once the device is unlocked, and it’s the primary way you interact with the home screen. It’s where your widgets live, where the app drawer is found, and where you customize the look of your phone. RELATED ARTICLE How to Install Nova Launcher for a More Powerful, Customizable Android Home Screen If you’re unhappy with the launcher your handset manufacturer provides out of the box, however, fret not—there are a slew of excellent third-party choices that can be installed from the Play Store. Today, we’re rounding up the best of the best. The Best for Most People: Google Now Launcher The Google Now Launcher—or GNL as it’s often called—is Google’s definitive launcher. It originally started as an exclusive-to-Nexus project, but was later released in the Play Store for all users to enjoy. It’s simple, stable, fast, and efficient, which is basically all you could ever ask for in a launcher. And best of all, it’s free. What makes the Google Now Launcher most unique, however, is its nearly-instant access to Google Now. From the main home screen, a quick swipe to the right will immediately pull up Now, giving you quick access to recent news, weather, Google search, and more. Past that, the Google Now Launcher is simple, and isn’t packed with a lot of fluff. It does what it does very well, and while this simplicity is nice most of the time, it may not be the best or most powerful option out there for those who want more out of their launcher. The Best for Serious Customization: Nova Launcher When it comes to getting the most out of your launcher, it’s really hard to go wrong with Nova. It’s insanely powerful and customizable, making this the favorite launcher among those who prefer power over simplicity. With it, you can change and customize home screen icons or set a custom grid size for a unique home screen layout. You can make icons work as folders by adding a swipe gesture, set a custom action for the home button when you’re already on the home screen (like launching Google Now!), hide apps from the app drawer, and so much more. If power and customization is what you’re after, Nova is one of the best out there. It also has an excellent developer team behind it, so it’s constantly updated with new features and bug fixes. You can try Nova for free, but you’ll have to shell out $4.99 to get everything the launcher has to offer. RELATED ARTICLES The Five Most Useful Features in Nova Launcher for Android How to Hide Apps from Android’s App Drawer with Nova Launcher The Best for Speed: Action Launcher 3 At first blush, Action Launcher 3 doesn’t appear to be all that different from the other launchers on our list. But once you actually start using it, it becomes pretty clear that this launcher has some features that you won’t find anywhere else, like a gesture to instantly launch a list of installed apps. Like Google Now Launcher’s swipe-right-for-Now gesture, the same action on Action Launcher 3 will bring up an alphabetical list of everything installed on the handset, along with a quick way to sort through them by dragging across the letter bar on the right side. But that’s not all Action Launcher 3has going for it. It’s loaded with other gesture-based features, customizable shortcuts and folders, and a lot more. Like Nova, Action Launcher 3 is free to try, but you’ll have to shell out a five spot to get the most it has to offer. Also like Nova, it’s worth the cost. Android’s customizable launchers are easily one of the best things about the operating system in general—you spend so much of your time looking at (and for) things housed on the home screens and in the app drawer, so making the most of that experience is definitely something you should do. At the end of the day, you can always go back to whatever you’re used to and comfortable with if you’re not into the third-party options. Choices, baby! JOIN THE DISCUSSION (8 REPLIES) October 14, 2016 Jason Dagless Microsoft's Arrow Launcher is the best for me. The wonderful simplicity of it wins hands down. Several of my friends have moved over to it since I've shown them. I'm 45 so I've got tired of fiddling with stuff (my smartphone is not my BFF) and having stuff changing. Arrow is set and forget, plus all the stuff you actually use the most migrates to the top. October 14, 2016 Pablo Pastore Nova FTW!!!! Sorry to be a fanboy. October 14, 2016 Rusty Harris Another Nova Prime user here. I use to use another launcher, but they started populating it with so many ads, one of the XDA groups mentioned Nova. Ran it for a day then bought the prime version. Never looked back! October 14, 2016 Ray Lowe I use Nova on my phone and ADW on my hacked Kindle Fire. Both are nice launchers. October 14, 2016 Shawn Kanyer I love Action Launcher! Totally worth the money. October 14, 2016 DMcCunney Back in the day, I ran a Palm OS PDA (and still have a working TX). There were an assortment of replacement launchers available for Palm OS, and the one I chose was Launcher III, which later became Launcher X. It was available in free and pay versions, with the latter opening up the full power of the program. When I got into Android, I started looking at alternative launchers, and tried half a dozen or so. The one I settled on was Nova, and I happily shelled out for the payware version. Like LauncherX on the Palm, it struck me as best of breed. The main change in Nova Prime is support for gestures you can customize to perform actions with a swipe. There is a very active Screenshots topic in Nova Launcher's Google+ page, with some extraordinary work being posted. I have ADW on one device because Nova won't run there. It's an orphan device from a defunct manufacturer, and runs Android 2.3 Froyo. Nova requires Android 4+ to work. The one thing I could wish for in Nova was an option to have wallpaper applied only to my designated home screen. My device is a tablet, not a phone, with an assortment of screens defined. My wallpaper is a solid black background, and I want that on every screen except the Home screen, which will get customized with widgets. But that's a minor cavil. I'm a Nova beta tester, and still happily discovering everything I can do with it. >Dennis October 15, 2016 Wisewiz I found this interesting:"What makes the Google Now Launcher most unique, however, is its nearly-instant access to Google Now. From the main home screen, a quick swipe to the right will immediately pull up Now, giving you quick access to recent news, weather, Google search, and more." I found one of the most annoying features on my phone (when I first got it) the Google Now screens that kept popping up when I had no desire to use them. I went hunting for a way to prevent them from intruding, and found a tiny app called "Swipe Launch Disabler" that does exactly and only what I want it to do. Now no matter what I touch on my home screen, I never have to dismiss Google Now. Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Cameron Summerson is a self-made geek, Android enthusiast, horror movie fanatic, metalhead, and cyclist. When he's not pounding keys on the 'net, you can find him spending time with his wife and kids, chugging away on the 6-string, spinning on the streets, or watching The Texas Chainsaw Massacre. Published 10/14/16 DID YOU KNOW? Every single game in the 1863 World Checker Championship ended in a draw; curiously over half of the games played were, move-for-move, identical. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK How to Find and Remove Duplicate Files on Windows 5 Ways To Free Up Disk Space on Your OS X Mac 17 Things You Can Do with Siri on the New Apple TV How to Choose the Best VPN Service for Your Needs Crapware Finds a New Way to Trick Users to Install Browser Extensions Why Buying a Smart Fridge Is a Dumb Idea Mouse DPI and Polling Rates Explained: Do They Matter for Gaming? Nest vs. Ecobee3 vs. Honeywell Lyric: Which Smart Thermostat Should You Buy? Bloatware Banished: Windows 10 Eliminates the Need to Ever Reinstall Windows on New PCs Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2016 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google News adds ‘Fact Check’ tag to articles published By R Padla - October 14, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Fake news are everywhere. We don’t know when and how these misleading websites and pages began but in this day and age, it’s so easy to spread lies. We know it’s one month before election in the US so we’re expecting it’s going to get crazier each day. No, we’re not commenting on what’s happening but we’re one with Google in spreading only the truth and busting out the lies. Aside from Google, several organizations have also launched their own efforts in checking facts published in different active websites. For one, there’s the International Fact-Checking Network doing extensive fact checks by over a hundred sites that share their fact-checks every year. What these groups do is to check on claims and ideas going around about health, politics, media, or those urban legends spreading online. In line with this, Google has announced that it will be adding a new tag known as “Fact Check” in addition to the “Local Source” tag introduced earlier. Articles are tagged in Google News differently. They can be In-Depth, Wikipedia, or Opinion among others. The new Fact Check tag will help readers in checking for facts and related information. The tagged articles will show in an expanded box in the Google News app or news.google.com. This feature will be available first in the United Kingdom and the United States. What Google News will do is to show readers if an article contains some fact checks. Google will be checking other sites and see if there’s a schema.org ClaimReview markup. This is important because it can be difficult for other people to determine whether an article is true or not. Unfortunately, there are people gullible enough to believe everything there is in the Internet. You may say it can be easy for any smart and analytical reader but sadly, it’s not the case for some people. Hopefully with this Fact Check tag, only facts and truths will spread. Seriously people, try to be more discerning about things that are posted online. Not everything is true. SOURCE: Google Story Timeline Google News web app gets a mobile-friendly face-lift Google News & Weather update: breaking news, personalized suggestions Google News adds seven more language editions to its roster Google News adds “Local Source” tag to give focus on local news Google News Lite mode announced for regions with slow Internet access TAGS Android Google Google News Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,395FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 468,879FollowersFollow 59,147SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Google Assistant is Pixel exclusive, but there’s a way to get it on your phone Google Assistant is Pixel exclusive, but there’s a way to get it on your phone Google Assistant is exclusive to Pixel, Pixel XL, but it seems that people have found a workaround to this By: Tech Desk | Published:October 14, 2016 4:36 pm Google Assistant is Pixel exclusive for now, but there’s a tweak to getting this on any other Android device. Google Assistant might be exclusive to Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones for now, but it seems people have found a workaround to this. According to a post on popular forum XDADevelopers, tweaking the ‘build.prop’ with two lines on Android phones running Nougat 7.0 or higher is good enough to get the Google Assistant on your phone. It seems Nexus smartphones have no problem getting Assistant via this tweak, although other phones will probably require rooting, which isn’t always recommended as this makes the device vulnerable to security issues. According to the blogpost, users need Android 7.0 or higher on the phone as well as the latest version of the Google app (should be version 6.5.35.21 or newer), along with ‘build.prop tweaks.’  XDA’s post says users need to just manually edit the code and add the following lines to their build.prop: “ro.product.model=Pixel XL ro.opa.eligible_device=true.” The code will have to be added to build.prop file, which you should find in the system folder and users will need an app to do this. Essentially by tweaking the build.prop at system level you have to let your device think it is a Pixel phone, and thus make the Google Assistant Appear. A user will then have to reboot their smartphone and also clear all Google Now data and information from the Google app settings, and the Assistant should work. Must Read: Google Pixel, Pixel XL First Impressions: Google’s new smartphones are here ASUS ZenBook 3 First Look Video Siachen Civilian Trek 2016 Bigg Boss 10 November 10 Review: Manoj Punjabi And Mona Lisa Get Close, Irritates Swami Om Rock On 2 Audience Reaction: Farhan Akhtar’s Movie Impresses People England Pile On The Runs In Rajkot; India Solid In Reply India Queues Up Outside ATMs Sahibabad Garment Factory Fire Kills 13 Worried About Replacing Rs 500 & Rs 1000 Notes? Don’t Fall For This Fraud Call Banks, Post Offices See Long Queues Of People For Exchange Of Rs 500, Rs 1000 Notes Kanhaiya Kumar: Condoms Could Be Found In JNU, But Not Its Missing Student People Outside Banks In Kolkata Here’s What The New Rs 2000 Note Looks Like Serpentine Queues Outside Banks To Exchange Rs 500, Rs 1,000 Notes 5 Reasons To Watch Rock On 2 Bigg Boss 10 November 9 Episode Review: No Maliks-Sevaks Anymore According to the post it should work with Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6, 5, 4, and also with OnePlus One, Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus, Moto G series as well as YU Yureka Plus. Google Assistant for now only supports English and German. The post points out Nexus owners should not have any problems with their device, although other device owners might face some issues . People are also reporting all this tinkering is causing their camera app to crash. Google Assistant will so far remain Pixel, Pixel XL exclusive although it could come to Android phones later on, but that has not been hinted or talked about by the search giant so far. The other way to download Google Assistant on your phone is to get Allo app, which has the Assistant in-built and get some conversation going with it. Google Assistant is also a part of the Google Home Speaker. Google is looking to add third-party support to the Assistant as well in the future. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaPM Modi holds meeting with senior ministers on demonetisation process BusinessWhat jammed the ATM: Secrecy and no Plan B IndiaBear pain for 50 days, then punish me: PM Modi on demonetisation IndiaCollegium lists 7 High Court chief justices for elevation to Supreme Court Board exams today, hope, fear in Valley: ‘Can’t lose year’ EntertainmentIn Bigg Boss 10, Bani is the most selfish contestant: Navin Prakash opens up after eviction EntertainmentPadmavati will be extremely difficult, says Deepika Padukone EntertainmentSalman Khan, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan praise PM Modi on demonetisation EntertainmentKoffee With Karan 5: Twinkle Khanna's shocking revelations on the KJo's show Must Read SportsDraw for India, a moral victory for England SportsDid India miss a trick by rolling out a true track? SportsDemonetisation leaves players with ‘empty’ pockets TechnologyMicrosoft Office for Android will be supported on Chrome OS TechnologyWhatsApp for iOS gets GIF support TechnologyZopo Speed 8 review: Doesn’t justify the price tag  Deepika Padukone, Katrina Kaif, Kareena Kapoor: The best and worst dressed at this Bollywood awards show Nov 14: Latest News In Bigg Boss 10, Bani is the most selfish contestant: Navin Prakash opens up after eviction Quake disrupts New Zealand PM John Key’s travel plans Japan’s economy grows 2.2 per cent year-on-year in last quarter China property investment growth in October quickest in over two years Protests against Donald Trump continue in New York, Los Angeles, Philadelphia                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics AAPL FB Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > AMZN Stock: Amazon.com, Inc. Music Streaming Will End Spotify Apple, Google and Amazon will end up dominating the music streaming business By Brad Moon, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jun 14, 2016, 12:05 pm EST     View All   Popular Posts: Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) New MacBook Pro Is Actually a Monster Hit GoPro Inc. (GPRO) Stock Slammed by Karma Drone Recall Recent Posts: Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) New MacBook Pro Is Actually a Monster Hit GoPro Inc. (GPRO) Stock Slammed by Karma Drone Recall View All Posts Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) is reportedly preparing to launch its own standalone streaming music service. If so, it will join Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) Apple Music, Spotify and Alphabet Inc’s (GOOG) Google Play in a market that’s increasingly dominated by tech giants. The entry of Amazon seems likely to be the final blow to the era of streaming music startups, and likely spells the end of Spotify as well. Source: Mike Seyfang via Flickr The end of Spotify. That’s an inflammatory statement, but here’s the logic behind it. Spotify has not only withstood the arrival of Apple Music — a competing service that seemed likely to eat into its user base — but it’s continued to grow, pretty much at the same rate as Apple Music. It’s at 30 million paid subscribers at this point, after adding 10 million since Apple Music launched. 3 Stocks Already Priced For Perfection (AMZN, NFLX, TSLA) However … The End Is in Sight The streaming music business is not for the faint of heart and while Spotify is a big name, other big names have collapsed since Apple and Google entered the fray. Rdio was one of the pioneers and it shut its doors late last year, despite having founders with very deep pockets and a year-long head start in the U.S. over Spotify. Pandora Media Inc (P) has been streaming since 2000, but shares of the company have tumbled nearly 40% over the past year and it’s been under increasing pressure to put itself up for sale. Spotify itself continues to operate in the red, despite growing its paid subscriber base. Last year, Spotify revenues hit $2.18 billion, but it still lost nearly $194 million. The company has yet to make money. That money-losing business model is a big part of the problem. A startup pushing into a new market can get away with losing money quarter after quarter, so long as it shows decent revenue growth and a realistic prospect of outlasting any competitors to become a dominating — and eventually profitable — company. That was Spotify, Pandora, Rdio and dozens of other streaming music service when they launched. Investors were willing to lose money in the short term while they snapped up listeners and slowly converted them to paid subscribers. But then the big tech companies decided they wanted in, and that completely changed the equation. Having Amazon pile on would take the situation from bad to dire. Enter Amazon Music Apple and Google have the ability to put their streaming music service front and center on every mobile device they sell, the kind of placement Spotify can only dream of. Both companies have deep relationships with record labels, and because they also sell digital music, that relationship is even tighter and can be leveraged for release exclusives. They have marketing budgets far beyond what Spotify could dream of. Profitability of streaming isn’t a big concern to these giants — as much as anything, the service is just another component in a vast product ecosystem, and if streaming helps to promote something else (like hardware sales), that’s good enough. Amazon entering the fray isn’t going to kill Spotify itself, and the demise won’t happen immediately. But it will mark the point where streaming music becomes the battleground between three of the biggest companies on Earth; including one (Apple) that essentially killed the traditional record store and became the dominant way to buy music, and another (Amazon) that’s the biggest seller of physical music like CDs and vinyl. This is the point where it makes almost no sense for a startup to risk entering the market and it marks the point where competing services from smaller companies — as beloved as they may be — begin to wither. Next Page   1 2 View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/06/amzn-spotify-amazon-music-streaming/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to Trump 3 Tech Stocks Getting a Big Cash Payday 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Due for a Reckoning 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 3 Tech Stocks That Just Got a Big Cash Payday 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump The Tech Reversal May Have Legs Trade of the Day: Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLI) General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut GrubHub Inc Stock Falls After CEO’s Anti-Trump Email to Employees Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A man that was interviewed for an engineering role at Google posted a list of the questions he was asked before getting rejected Sam Shead Oct. 14, 2016, 6:38 AM 209,140 facebook linkedin twitter email print Pierre Gauthier was rejected by Google.LinkedIn/Pierre Guthrie Pierre Gauthier, a computer engineer who set up his own tech company 18 years ago, has published a blog post detailing all the questions Google asked him during an interview for a director of engineering role at the company. Writing on Gwan.com, the tech worker explained that he recently had a phone interview with a Google recruiter for the role in which he was tested on his knowledge of coding and engineering. The call started off well but as the interview progressed, Guathier got an increasing number of questions wrong. His frustration grew as he tried to discuss the answers with the Google recruiter only to find that the recruiter wanted the exact answer in the test book even if alternative solutions were better. "As I qualified for the interview but failed to pass the test, this blog post lists the questions and the expected answers," wrote Gauthier in the blog post. "That might be handy if Google calls you one day." At one point, on a question about how to most efficiently count data,  he suggests a method that might be faster than the answer the recruiter wants, but the recruiter rejects it, saying, "that's not the point of this test." The conversation continues: Me: what's the point of this test? Recruiter: I have to check that you know the right answers. Gauthier went on to get the last six highly technical questions wrong and kill any chances he had of getting a job at Google. The questions look difficult, with plenty of technical terms that will be completely unfamiliar to anyone that hasn't studied computer science. In his post, Gauthier also provides a running commentary on the test. His thoughts range from, "typical computer science (1st year) lectures" to "how long is this crap going to last?" At the end of his post, he jokes: "My score is four on ten, that's better than my best Google pagerank** ever!" Read the full post here. NOW WATCH: How the ‘perfect body’ for men has changed over the last 150 years Loading video... More: Google Interview facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A man that was interviewed for an engineering role at Google posted a list of the questions he was asked before getting rejected A man that was interviewed for an engineering role at Google posted a list of the questions he was asked before getting rejected Pierre Gauthier, a computer engineer... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Tech Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Tech Home Computers Google Video Games Military Tech War Games Slideshows Google Is Samsung's loss a win for Apple and Google phones? By Brooke Crothers Published October 13, 2016 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print The Google Pixel phones.  (Google) With Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 effectively dead for now, Google phones are emerging as a strong alternative, along with the iPhone 7 Plus. The first pure Google-branded phones could not have arrived at a better time. “Google’s new Pixel phone will be an attractive option to high-end Android phone owners,” Bob O'Donnell, president and founder of TECHnalysis Research, told FoxNews.com in an email. The larger version, the 5.5-inch Pixel XL, is priced at $869 (128GB), very close to the 64GB Galaxy Note 7, which was priced at around $850 at most U.S. carriers. Like the Note 7, the Pixel XL sports an AMOLED display with a 2,560-by-1440 resolution. And other internal specs are similar, if not identical to, the Note 7, including the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon quad-core 820 processor (Google lists the processor as the “821” for Pixel), 4GB of RAM, a USB-C connector, and a 3.5mm headphone jack. More on this... Google takes aim at Apple and Samsung with Pixel phones Google unveils new Pixel smartphones iPhone 7: A solid upgrade, despite headphone jack concerns And both have advanced 12-megapixel-class cameras. But Google is claiming its camera takes image quality to new level, with a “best-ever” 89 DxOMark Mobile score, a respected yardstick for photo quality. Battery life should also be similar: both claim all-day (at least) battery life, and Google says you can get up to seven hours of battery life from just a 15-minute recharge. Another upside to the Google Pixel phone is the option for Project Fi, a wireless service from Google, which automatically connects you to the best available signal, whether that's Wi-Fi or one of three 4G LTE partner networks. That can result in substantially lower monthly charges. Probably the biggest problem Google’s new phones face at the moment is supply. All versions of the Pixel XL are now listed as “out of stock.” So, as of October 12, when you order one, you are placed on a waiting list. Google Nexus 6P and the iPhone 7 Plus should benefit too The 5.7-inch Google Nexus 6P, co-branded with Huawei, has also emerged as a strong alternative. After the Note 7 recall, “the big winner was the Google Nexus 6P,” said Mobile analytics firm Apteligent. The Nexus 6P was followed by the LG G5, according to Apteligent. The Nexus 6P, like the Note 7, has a large 5.7-inch AMOLED display, and a 64GB version is available on Amazon for $549 (or less, depending on Amazon’s pricing which can fluctuate daily), almost a steal for a “phablet”-class phone.   TECHnalysis’ O’Donnell believes the shift from the Note 7 “will be spread amongst several [phone makers]…so we’ll also see some benefit to the iPhone 7 as well,” he said. And Morgan Stanley’s Katy Huberty said last month that “over 30% of iPhone demand in recent quarters has come from ex-Android users, and the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 battery issues and recall might drive additional demand, especially for the iPhone 7 Plus,” she said in a note to investors. The 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, also backordered, is the latest large phone from Apple boasting a fast new Apple processor and an advanced camera with 2X optical zoom. The 128GB version is priced at $869. “Lots of high-end and flagship [phones] could be candidates,” Tuong Nguyen, an analyst at market researcher Gartner, told Foxnews.com. Nguyen pointed to other low-cost 5.5-inch alternatives including the 64GB ZTE Axon 7 (priced on Amazon at around $500) and the 32GB Motorola Z, priced at $624 at Verizon.   Advertisement Trending in Tech 1 Google to label malicious sites as repeat offenders 2 Tech Q&A: Running a background check, avoiding cell phone contracts 3 Swedish man's eBay offer to marry anyone leaving US after Trump win is removed 4 Keeping your secrets safe on Amazon, Google, Facebook and Netflix 5 Facebook glitch made it appear some users had died See all Trends Scitech Connect Subscribe to the daily Geek Sheet for the top science and technology stories. Thank you! Your subscription has been submitted. Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
null
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Soon Google Will Provide Dedicated Search Results For Mobile By Tyler Lee on 10/14/2016 03:26 PST For those who don’t already know, Google has a single index of documents when it comes to search, meaning that it doesn’t matter if you search from your phone, tablet, or computer, it will come from that same index. However a report from Search Engine Land has revealed that Google will be changing that. This is according to Google’s webmaster trends analyst Gary Illyes who revealed that Google will soon create a separate search index for mobile in the coming months, and that it is possible that this mobile version could end up being the primary search index, which we guess makes sense considering that we are considerably more mobile these days, so beefing up search on mobile does make sense. Let’s not forget that Google is already starting to pay more attention to mobile by giving them features that desktop users don’t, such as Accelerated Mobile Pages, and recently we also saw Google introduce new types of search recommendations that are once again exclusive to the mobile version of its search. At this point it is still too early to determine how a mobile index will work. It is possible that maybe we could be looking at more mobile-friendly websites, something that Google has prioritized over the years. It could also start ranking websites based on pure mobile content, whereas right now it relies on desktop content to determine mobile rankings. Either way it does sound like these are some big changes that are taking place and that users can look forward to them in the near future. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about Google. Related Articles 2016-11-13 Google Pixel Gets Hacked In Under A Minute 2016-11-12 Google Pixel XL VS LG V20 In Speed Test 2016-11-11 Google+ On Mobile Browsers Now Supports AMP Links 2016-11-11 Real-Life Photos Of Project Ara And Specs Revealed 2016-11-11 Google Assistant Will Be Open To Third-Parties In December Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 13, 9:57 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google Search Results Will Soon Be Different For Desktops And Mobiles: Report By Rishabh Jain On 10/14/16 AT 6:27 AM Close Different sets of search results are set to appear on mobile phones and PCs for the same search terms, as Google will start indexing mobile websites separately. Search Engine Land reported that Gary Illyes, a webmaster trends analyst at Google, announced in his keynote address at Pubcon digital marketing conference in Las Vegas on Thursday that Google would move on from its current single index of documents to a separate mobile search index, which will become the primary one. The primary one would be used by Google to respond to search queries. Illyes also confirmed to Search Engine Land that the development will take place in the "coming months." He had indicated that Google was experimenting with separate mobile indexing on Twitter in September last year. Related Stories Tweets To Appear On Google Searches: Report Why 50 Wikipedia Links Disappeared From Google Search It’s not surprising that Google is concentrating on mobile users since the PC market is on a decline, while the mobile device market is set to do better in 2017. The company also announced that it will start penalizing websites with intrusive pop-up ads on smartphones. In October last year, Google introduced Accelerated Mobile pages, which will allow mobile web content to load more quickly. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business After Trump Win, Critic Buffett Sees Strong Stocks, Trade Hurdles The Oracle of Omaha discussed Donald Trump's impending presidential term from an economic perspective. Technology Luxembourg’s New Law To Allow Private Space Mining The European country has adopted a draft law that will guarantee private companies the right to resources harvested in outer space. World Storm To Complicate New Zealand Earthquake Recovery Efforts The 7.8-magnitude quake struck shortly after midnight, leaving at least two dead. National Priebus Appointed Trump Chief Of Staff President-elect Donald Trump went for someone who has ties to Capitol Hill but his other moves indicate his "drain the swamp" credo may be on the back burner. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Events Advertise 9 Surprising Sources for Cultivating Customer Data Tools & Analytics October 5, 2016 Tools & Analytics Aaron AgiusOctober 5, 2016 403SHARES 501READS 403SHARES 501READS Aaron Agius 403SHARES 501READS Every marketing strategy should be driven by data that paints your ideal audience with a laser, ensuring every campaign will hit its target. Data is critical for defining your audience and supporting your efforts with content production. Unfortunately, a lot of marketers tend to limit themselves to their own experiences. If you’re not well-versed in sourcing and cultivating in-depth customer data for your industry, then crafting engaging content and campaigns is an uphill battle. Assumptions can only take you so far, but using tools and resources for collecting customer and industry data can help you make it to the finish line with each campaign. In this article, I’ve listed nine resources you may not have considered for cultivating that data for laser-focused campaigns. 1. Quora If you have any experience with Quora, then you know a lot of the questions that come up may have little to do with your industry. If you look beyond trivial questions like, “Why are firemen sexy?” (because we are) and “Why does dog fur smell bad when it’s wet?” (yeast and microorganisms are released upon contact with water), you’ll be able to find opportunities for gathering data and refining your target audience. Quora is helpful for creating questions that can dive deep into the details on specific audience segments for your campaigns. This platform can provide insights on what motivates them, what interests them, and how they may react to a content campaign you’re currently planning. For example: An entrepreneur who runs an online fitness store that sells supplements and shake mixes could use Quora to gather additional details on consumer preferences to direct their next content campaign. Some questions they could ask include: Do you prefer to take protein shakes before or after a workout, and why? What do you look for when comparing protein shakes? Do you prefer multivitamins, energy shakes, or both? With a little brainstorming and planning, you can pull great insights and cultivate valuable data from your target audience on Quora. 2. Mechanical Turk Amazon’s Mechanical Turk platform provides direct access to a massive, on-demand workforce. Although it’s task-based, it’s also a great way to gather customer data, especially for B2B. The majority of the work on Mechanical Turk is based on low-level and repetitive tasks, but it can still be used for sourcing and pulling data. This can be a cost-effective way to delve into the user experience around your website, funnel, or SaaS product. Screen shares from the on-demand workforce can provide tremendous insight into how the average person might navigate your funnel or move through the onboarding process of a SaaS offer. 3. Google Consumer Surveys Surveys can be effective for cultivating data from your current audience, but you’re limited to the answers you receive and the way the information is presented. For the most part, you’ll need to decipher the intent of the answers and measure how the responses correlate on your own. With Google Consumer Surveys, there are some additional advantages beyond just getting answers to burning questions. First, answers are provided in exchange for access. For a marketer, you can set up access to premium content offers or other products. That makes Google surveys not only sources of data, but also potential sources of leads. Once you gather the results of a survey, you can segment the data into categories. You’ll also be able to view demographic information and the location of respondents by IP address. This is a fantastic way to see how audience behaviors differ based on regional and cultural influences. Most importantly, you’re not limited to surveying only the customers you have contact details for. Your survey questions are published across Google’s network of news, entertainment, and reference sites once you select a target audience range. This means you’ll get real people from your audience around the world providing data in real-time. 4. Social Media Insights If you’re not paying attention to your insights on Facebook and Twitter, you’re missing out on some great information. Facebook has one of the largest consumer datasets available, and the demographics, interests, and habits of your audience are just waiting to be reviewed. If you have a Facebook page that consistently has followers engaging with you, just click on the “Insights” tab. In the menu on the left, navigate to “People.” These insights will show you primary demographic information, including age ranges, geographic data, and the number of people reached in those regions. Navigating to “Posts” will show you the peak engagement times when your audience is most active. This information can be used to drive the promotion and distribution for any content campaigns you put together 5. Historical Customer Service Records Customer service platforms that store customer cases (Zendesk or Desk.com for example) are perfect sources of customer data. Spending time reviewing past cases might reveal common return issues, what makes your customers unhappy, common resolutions that are most effective, tolerance limits on response times, and more. You can also set this system up to become a future data warehouse. Instruct your customer service team to insert key questions into cases that can be recorded for later review. This can include questions related to product feedback, why they originally made a purchase, and if they engage you on social (why or why not), etc. 6. Referral Sources How often do you review the referral sources of the leads that come into your funnel? Your sales team should record this information with every new interaction, and your analytics can cover referral sources on the web for incoming digital leads. Check on those referral sources, especially the ones that consistently drive new leads to you. If it’s not a source you established through a marketing campaign, study it to find out more about your audience. Why they’re at that particular referral source, what attracts them to it, how does it fit into their personal or professional life, and more. 7. Social Engagement If you’re paying attention and making the right kinds of posts, you’ll learn a lot about the tastes and preferences of your audience by combining content with other data that you’ve collected from surveys and authoritative industry sources. For example, a dealership with information on the percentage of consumers who prefer trucks could make a post captioned, “68% of you are in love with the American Pickup,” followed by an image of the latest truck model on the lot. You’ll learn a great deal about your followers from the feedback loop you create with customer data. 8. Reddit I love Reddit for the eclectic assortment of information, people, and data that can be pulled from it. The Datasets subreddit is an enormous collection of peer-nominated datasets on a wide range of subjects. You can also request datasets to see if anyone knows of a resource or can direct you to an existing dataset. Click on the “Hot” tab to find the most up-voted and useful datasets to find something relevant to your industry. 9. Pew Research Center You’ve likely come across references to the Pew Research Center when reading content online, but have you ever considering exploring the datasets to find relevant customer and industry data at the source? Pew has a treasure trove of consumer behavior data, along with survey data related to health, income, social media, and more. It can be a tremendously useful resource if you’re looking for more macro-level audience information rather than micro audience segments. Conclusion I know a lot of marketers prefer direct engagement through interviews and surveys to gather relevant data for creating and refining their audiences. However, you shouldn’t feel like you have to limit yourself to direct means of communication with your audience. If you’re coming up short on data and need to zero in on your audience’s background for upcoming campaigns, consider these sources for cultivating consumer information with precision. Do you have any unusual resources for cultivating customer data? Share them with me in the comments below: Featured Image: Pexels All Screenshots Taken by Aaron Agius. September 2016 Related Posts Connecting the Customer Experience with Marketing Data: An Interview with LiveRamp 4 Innovative Methods for Collecting Customer Feedback Leveraging Data for Better Marketing: An Interview with Chris Golec 5 Sources of Online Traffic You’ve Never Heard Of Bio Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Aaron Agius Managing Director at Louder Online Aaron Agius is an experienced search, content and social marketer. He has worked with some of the world’s largest and most recognized brands, including Salesforce,... Read Full Bio @IAmAaronAgius +Aaron Agius Latest posts by Aaron Agius (see all) Why Your Freelance Content Marketer is Letting You Down - October 19, 2016 Beyond ROI: 10 Marketing Metrics to Track Customer Sentiment - October 6, 2016 9 Surprising Sources for Cultivating Customer Data - October 5, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   Alex Grey This blog opened my mind to different ideas on how to capture targeted audience and produce results accordingly. Thanks Aaron for sharing wonderful information. Aaron Agius That’s great news, Alex. Best of luck to you! Aaron Agius Thanks for reading – I appreciate it. semalaia4n your blog is very interesting.The analytics can cover the referral sources on a web for the incoming digital leads.Thanks for sharing. Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Chris Boggs on Setting Up Internal Agency Teams for Success See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 Google is Splitting its Search Index, Prioritizing Mobile over Desktop 10.5K reads 10/15/2016 2 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 6.7K reads 10/30/2016 3 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 4.2K reads 11/7/2016 4 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 3.9K reads 11/7/2016 5 How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 3.4K reads 10/17/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 3 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 4 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 5 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Memorialized Account Bug is “Killing” People on Facebook Related Posts 1 Connecting the Customer Experience with Marketing Data: An Interview with LiveRamp 2 4 Innovative Methods for Collecting Customer Feedback 3 Leveraging Data for Better Marketing: An Interview with Chris Golec 4 5 Sources of Online Traffic You’ve Never Heard Of [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Events Advertise A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School SEO October 6, 2016 SEO Aleh BarysevichOctober 6, 2016 937SHARES 3.8KREADS 937SHARES 3.8KREADS Aleh Barysevich 937SHARES 3.8KREADS An SEO specialist’s job is never finished—you could spend a lifetime tweaking your website, and you’d still find something to improve. But for those of us who don’t have a lifetime to spend split-testing every element, I’ve created this 15-minute guide for auditing your website. Note: For this guide, I used the latest version of my tool, WebSite Auditor, to crawl my website, analyze site errors, fix broken links and redirects, review my title and meta tags, optimize on-page content and images, etc. I use this software instead of separate crawling, keyword research, and link analysis tools, but you can follow along using your favorite auditing tools instead. 1. Crawl and Audit Your Website Quick audits are helpful, but comprehensive audits are invaluable when it comes to the health of your website. Start crawling your website by entering its URL into your favorite SEO crawling tool. Make sure that your crawling tool is capable of scanning every resource on your website (JavaScript, CSS, Images, Video, Flash, etc.). This scan usually only takes a few minutes, but time will vary depending on the size of your website. Checklist: Crawl your website. 2. Check for Crawlability/Indexing Issues Once you’ve scanned your website, it’s time to review anything that might be affecting your website’s crawlability. Some of the most common problems include poorly maintained sitemaps, robots.txt errors, and HTTP response code errors. Check your sitemap If you’re using a tool or plugin to automatically manage your sitemap, you should be able to automatically create an XML sitemap or retrieve, view, and validate an existing sitemap. If you’re not using a sitemap tool, you’ll have to manually review your sitemap. Either way, you want to make sure that your sitemap is accurate and up-to-date. Once you’ve updated your sitemap, check it for errors in Google Search Console. Simply log in to your account, go to Crawl > Sitemaps and then click the Add/Test Sitemaps button. Enter the URL of your sitemap and click Test to see if Google encounters any errors while parsing your sitemap. Check your robots.txt A page might be blocked from indexing for a variety of reasons. For example, it could have a “noindex” tag in its <head> section, the X-Robots-Tag in the HTTP header, or it could be that your robots.txt file itself is blocking the page. Using your auditing tool, check your robots.txt’s instructions and see if any important pages are being blocked. If they are, you need to add an allow rule to enable indexing. If you’re struggling with CSS and JavaScript being disallowed in particular, Google’s Gary Illyes recommends you allow Google to crawl these resources by adding the following three lines of code to your robots.txt file: Check your website for errors HTTP response code errors are easy to detect and responsible for many indexing errors. You can check your website for crawl errors through your site auditing tool or by going to Crawl > Crawl Errors in your Google Search Console. You can correct whatever 4XX errors you find by fixing your internal links or setting up 301 redirects that point visitors to similar pages (especially useful on e-commerce sites). Also, make sure that your website has a 404 page set up in the first place to link your visitors back to your website’s important pages. Ask Google (and other search engines) to re-crawl your pages Whenever you’ve finished making these essential on-site improvements, you can ask search engines to re-crawl your pages. This will let you know if you still have errors that need addressing or if you can submit your page for indexing. To have Google re-crawl a page, log into your Google Search Console, go to Crawl > Fetch as Google, enter the URL of the updated page, and click Fetch. Checklist: Fix any errors on your sitemap. Review your robots.txt file. Ensure all of your important pages can be indexed. Fix HTTP errors. Ask search engines to re-crawl your site. 3. Avoid Common Redirect Mistakes If redirects don’t properly funnel visitors to the right page when that page has moved or changed URL, they pose a potential problem for SEO. Here are some of the most common issues: 302 redirects 302 redirects, aka. “temporary” redirects, tell search engines that you’re temporarily redirecting visitors, but that the missing page will return shortly. As such, 302 redirects won’t pass on many qualities (e.g. PageRank, Traffic Value, etc.) that a 301 redirect would. This is fine if you’re doing something like testing a new page, but you should try to replace these redirects with 301s otherwise. Meta refresh Inserting code into a page’s metadata that automatically redirects visitors results in a “meta refresh.” Spammers tend to abuse this by redirecting visitors to pages with unrelated content, and as such it is penalized by most search engines. Rel=”canonical” issues If you have some duplicate content on multiple pages, you should indicate which page is the primary page by setting it up as your canonical URL. Each page should have no more than one canonical URL. Most site auditors will allow you to view your rel=”canonical” pages under a Redirects tab. Checklist: Replace temporary redirects (302) with permanent redirects (301). Remove meta refresh from pages Check for rel=”canonical” issues. 4. Fix HTML and CSS markup Errors Coding errors slow down your website, interrupt user experience, and essentially shoot your SEO in the foot. Performing regular website audits can help you detect and correct these errors as they crop up. Some issues to look for include pages that are too big, pages that use frames, and pages that contain W3C errors and warnings. Checklist: Find and correct common coding errors 5. Fix Your Links and URLs One of the fastest ways to regain lost link equity is to find and fix broken backlinks. Use your auditing tool to keep tabs on all of your Broken Links and then fix them by either contacting the webmasters who have linked to your website or by creating 301 redirects that link back to relevant, updated pages. Here are some other best practices: Limit outgoing links When 100 or more outbound links originate from a single page, it tells search engines that the page might be spam. Limit the number of links you include per page. Limit redirects Whenever possible, fix 301 and 302 redirects by changing links to lead visitors directly to their destination page. The more links you have, the more you use up your search engine crawl budget. Change dynamic URLs Dynamically generated URLs are often difficult to read and don’t tell users where they’re heading. Try to fix dynamic URLs so that they’re more user-friendly. Shorten long URLs Recent evidence suggests that URLs with 35–40 characters dominate search listings. Of course, long URLs can rank—but practice brevity wherever possible. Checklist: Fix broken links Mitigate outgoing links Limit redirects Fix unreadable URLs Keep your URLs short and sweet 6. Review Your Title Tags, Meta Tags, and Header Tags It doesn’t take much to fix a bad meta description or to turn a good title tag into a great one. The goal of all of your titles and meta descriptions is to inform visitors (and bots) what your page is about and, whenever possible, to include a choice keyphrase or two. Here are some best practices: Fix empty or lengthy titles and meta descriptions Most SEO auditing tools will tell you when your titles and meta descriptions aren’t optimized. Make sure all of your titles fall within the appropriate character count (That means 50-60 characters for the title; 150-160 characters for the description). Avoid duplicate titles and meta descriptions E-commerce sites, in particular, suffer from duplicate content, or meta descriptions that read very similarly. Duplicate content can confuse search engines to the point where they rank none of your pages, so try to keep your content as unique as possible. Target buying phrases Header (H1) tags are important on-page ranking factors. Use these to target specific buying phrases that users are likely to search for. Try to Also try to avoid generic subheaders (H2, H3, etc.); use them to target secondary keywords where appropriate. Checklist: Optimize titles for SEO Optimize meta descriptions for SEO Optimize header tags for SEO 7. Optimize Your Content Since Panda’s launch, high-quality content has been the defining factor of a great website. In other words, you need to make sure that each of your pages has enough content and that the content is unique and valuable. You may want to invest in a grammar tool (e.g. Grammarly) and a plagiarism checker (e.g. Copyscape) to help you with this stage (they’re free!). Here’s what I did: Identify thin content To make sure that every page had enough relevant data, I filtered my pages by word count. I did this by right-clicking on the header of any column and adding a new column called Word Count. Then I made sure that every page had 1-2 paragraphs of text (aiming for at least 250 words per page). I also double-checked their formatting and readability while I was at it. Corrected duplicate content It’s in your best interests to ensure that all your titles and descriptions are unique. The thing is duplicate titles and descriptions are confusing to search engines as they wouldn’t know which of the pages should be ranked in response to a given query. Often, they’d choose to rank neither page instead. Audit site images Searching for broken images is all well and good, but you should also look for images without alt tags as an additional SEO opportunity. Checklist: Find and add to thin content Make content as unique as possible Fix broken images and empty alt text tags Conclusion You’re done! While this is by no means the limit of the optimization you could perform on your site, it’s a great start and one that will ensure your website stays healthy and relevant. Of course, if you’re feeling particularly ambitious (and have a bit more time to spare), you can start digging into the complete website audit you performed in Step 1.   Image Credits Featured image: tashatuvango/DepositPhotos.com All screenshots by Aleh Barysevich. Taken September 2016. Related Posts 7 Simple But Overlooked SEO Audit Tips Old School Meets New School: How to Combine Traditional and Online Marketing A Quick #SEO Guide: 26 Resources to Help Get Found in Search Google Trends Updated to Provide Minute-by-Minute Data on Trending Searches Bio Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Aleh Barysevich Founder and Chief Marketing Officer at Link-Assistant.Com Aleh Barysevich is Founder and Chief Marketing Officer at Link-Assistant.Com, the company that makes SEO PowerSuite (website promotion toolkit) and Awario (social media software) for... Read Full Bio @ab80 Aleh Barysevich +Aleh Barysevich Latest posts by Aleh Barysevich (see all) 11 Last-Minute SEO Tips to Get Ready for Black Friday and Cyber Monday - November 8, 2016 A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School - October 6, 2016 Digital Marketing Factors You Need to Prioritize - September 13, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   Keller Tiemann Aleh, this is a great comprehensive SEO audit checklist. It covers the most important on-page SEO factors that when optimized should improve your organic visibility in search. I like how simple you kept it though, I’ve seen some very in depth technical on-page SEO checklists that realistically won’t get implemented by many small, medium, and start-up sized companies. Now let’s see if I can implement this audit in 15 minutes. Aleh Barysevich Glad to be helpful Keller. Please follow up if you managed to complete the audit in 15 minutes actually. Thanks! House WindowCleaning Great checklist, thanks. My usual SEO guys miss these vital points WAY too often! Aleh Barysevich Thank you for the kind words, I’m glad you found the article useful. Rajput Motors Such a great blog. As per if we check the analytics or audit the website it is really time time, and very much complicated that from where to start and what would be the next step. and most of the time in end would let know just miss number of thing, and sometime its happens the Robot.txt is missing and no analytics on the next day. Thank you for sharing know it would provide me the steam line of my work. I Am Shiva Naidu Tons of thanks for such a great info sharing with us..!!! This is going to save my time..!!!! Cebu Web Solutions Thanks for sharing. This is really helpful in doing Onsite-SEO on a website and not missing a single detail. Srinivas Katam Website audit check list are very useful and every website should be done. If your website wants to be a Search engine friendly. you should audit and resolve all the issues. Jatin Dabas Wonderful post. Thank you for sharing. Ambitious points. This SEO audit is quite helpful. Thanks & Regards Oodles Technologies Jaden Madison Aleh, thanks for the checklist, it’s so helpful, as sometimes there can be some essential things you may forget about 🙂 Aleh Barysevich Thanks, I appreciate the feedback! semalaia4n Your blog is very interesting.The crawling tool is have capable of the scanning of every resource on your website.Your points are useful for me. Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Chris Boggs on Setting Up Internal Agency Teams for Success See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 Google is Splitting its Search Index, Prioritizing Mobile over Desktop 10.5K reads 10/15/2016 2 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 6.7K reads 10/30/2016 3 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 4.2K reads 11/7/2016 4 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 3.9K reads 11/7/2016 5 How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 3.4K reads 10/17/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 3 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 4 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 5 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Memorialized Account Bug is “Killing” People on Facebook Related Posts 1 7 Simple But Overlooked SEO Audit Tips 2 Old School Meets New School: How to Combine Traditional and Online Marketing 3 A Quick #SEO Guide: 26 Resources to Help Get Found in Search 4 Google Trends Updated to Provide Minute-by-Minute Data on Trending Searches [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. St Matthew's pupils travel the world! Liverpool Echo 14/10/2016 Community Contributor Around 240 pupils from St Matthew’s Catholic Primary School, Walton, were able travel the world from the comfort of their classroom thanks to Google. As part of Google Expeditions Pioneer Programme, an expedition team visited St Matthew’s bringing with them kits that enabled teachers to take Key Stage 2 students on virtual trips to a variety of places – including Egypt, the Great Wall of China and even the Moon. Teachers were able to send synchronised three-dimensional 360° panoramas of scenes straight from a tablet to students’ smartphone headsets placed inside cardboard viewers. St Matthew’s is one of the selected few schools in Liverpool, and in the UK, so far to have had an Expedition Team visit since the programme launched four weeks ago. It came as a perfect opportunity for the children at St Matthew’s who are focusing on computing in the curriculum as part of their Computing Unplugged and Robots Week. It was an endless chorus of wows and “This is so cool!” whenever the children were shown a new place. © Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc Year 6 students and School Mentors Lola Robinson, aged 10, and Nathan Sanderson, 11, pointed out the benefits of using the tool in the classroom. Lola said: “If you’re in lessons, you don’t have to just look at still pictures, you can look around too and experience it yourself.” Nathan added: “I’d recommend people to use it in Geography because it is places they’ve never been, or in History too because if we were studying things from a long time ago or different countries we could use it. “We could go to Germany and look back at places to do with the war.” Michelle Cromby-While, IT Lead at the primary school on Queens Drive, organised the visit simply by filling in an application online. Michelle explained: “We expressed our interest to have Google come in because we are a very forward thinking school when it comes to IT.” Martin McNally, a Year 6 teacher who was also heavily involved in organising the visit said: “We’re a school that embraces new things. “We’re always looking for opportunities to broaden the children’s horizons.” Martin was one of the 16 educators given the chance to lead a session using a kit and found it to be a successful learning tool to use. “What it really did, which is something that focuses learning, is promote enquiry. “I’d go as far as to say that it creates a huge amount of possibilities in a classroom for the children and I absolutely loved the cross-curricular opportunities that it throws up. “And to top it all off, it’s great fun.” Google Expeditions’s aim is to allow children to experience places they may never get to see. They encourage schools around the city to take part by signing up for free. © Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc Go to MSN Home More in News NHS plans involving hospital closures 'kept secret from public' Press Association London-bound flight forced to land after stork-hit Evening Standard How IS improvised by moving underground Sky News 'World's saddest polar bear' gets happy ending Mirror Millennia-old mummy found in 'very good condition' Al Jazeera Trump promises to deport millions Sky News Up Next Theresa May sets out stall for UK's place in Trump’s world The Guardian More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from Liverpool Echo Sam Quek enters I'm a Celebrity...Get me out of here by jumping out of a helicopter Liverpool Echo Sturridge - Liverpool striker hits back at the 'unfair' critics Liverpool Echo St Johns Market relaunch is a sign of thriving city Liverpool Echo Nazi sticker culprits branded 'disgusting' and 'idiots' by ECHO readers Liverpool Echo Liverpool Echo More from Liverpool Echo Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google Assistant now working on various phones with a bit of hacking and coding By John Hoff - October 14, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter So we knew this was going to happen, people are going to want Google Assistant on their phones even if they’re not those brand spanking new Pixel thingamajigs. And with the leak of the Pixel system images, it was only going to be a matter of time. That time is here – if you own a phone that runs Nougat, you can make Google Assistant run by getting root access and editing a few lines of code. If you are using a non-Nougat phone, you will need Xposed Framework and the AndroidN-ify module. If you have a phone that’s running Nougat, it might be a bit more painful to be so close yet not be able to use Google Assistant. Well, if you’re comfortable editing a few lines of code in your phone’s build.prop file, you can. Just make sure you already have root access. The video below will run you through the process, or check out this Lifehacker post for step-by-step instructions. Also, people from Reddit are saying that using Xposed Framework and the AndroidN-ify module will allow you to install the Google Assistant APK (ripped from the Pixel system images no doubt). It has a few bugs, like asking to retrain the app with your voice over and over, or crashing when prompted with the usual “OK Google” phrase. But a few fixes here and there and it works after a fashion. Of course, all this is if you don’t have USD$650 to burn on a new Pixel smartphone. For some of us, that’s a considerable amount, so these hacks will be the closest thing we can get for now. Unless Google somehow releases Google Assistant to the world after Pixel starts shipping. SOURCE: Reddit | Tech Crunch Story Timeline Google Assistant: your own personal Google System images for the Google Pixel, Pixel XL leaked Google Assistant can be ported to older Nexus, here's how to enable it TAGS Android Apps Google Assistant hack port Xposed Framework Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,395FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 468,879FollowersFollow 59,147SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
null
Warning: this page will not work because you have JavaScript disabled in your browser. Go LATEST MOST POPULAR NEWS VIDEO PHOTO NEWS VIDEO PHOTO HOME JG.TV News Business International Sports Life & Style Opinion INDEX Tax Office Targets OTT Companies With Improved Income Tax Law i A sticker reading 'Review us on Google' is pictured at a smartphone shop in Ambassador Mall, Jakarta, Indonesia. (Reuters Photo/Beawiharta) By : Tabita Diela | on 4:22 PM October 14, 2016 Category : Business, Economy, Featured Malang. The Directorate General of Taxes is mulling to specify the definition of permanent establishment in the upcoming Income Tax Law revision to force over-the-top players to pay tax, a senior official said on Friday (14/10). "We may need a stronger regulation, that's our homework," Hestu Yoga Saksama, director of counseling, service and public relations at the Indonesian Tax Office, said. The government is drafting the Income Tax Law revision which is expected to be passed into law next year. "The discussion at the House of Representatives is very dynamic and we can address this issue in the General Taxation System Law or the Income Tax revision," he said. In Indonesia, a foreign company carrying out business activities through permanent establishment (PE) will have to assume the same tax obligation as a resident taxpayer — 25 percent corporate income tax. However, there is no regulation that forces these companies to have a PE, besides a note from the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology. SInce 2011, Google, a multinational tech company, has only a local representative office in Indonesia, which is not considered a PE, hence only 4 percent of Google Asia Pacific's total revenue generated in Indonesia from ads is taxed — by 10 percent income tax. According to Hestu, Jakarta's regional tax office for special cases is investigating the allegation that Google Asia Pacific might have cost the country millions of dollars worth of tax liabilities from payments made by Indonesian advertisers. "Let's wait for the results. I can't say how much the investigation has unveiled," he said. Darussalam, a managing partner at tax consultancy Danny Darussalam Tax Center, said the California-based Google has been implementing the so-called Double Dutch Irish Sandwich strategy for years, which is legal, but deemed immoral as it abuses the loopholes in the American tax code. The strategy is a tax avoidance technique that involves the use of a combination of Irish and Dutch subsidiaries to shift profits to low- or no-tax jurisdictions by sending profits to an Irish company, then to a Dutch company, and to another Irish company headquartered in a tax haven. The tech giant has reportedly booked $38 billion in revenue and $10 billion profits in 2011, but the technique successfully made it pay only 2.2 percent tax. The normal rate is 35 percent. Google recently agreed to pay about $185 million in back taxes to Britain after it was criticized by the British parliament. "We're not accusing you of being illegal, we're accusing you of being immoral," Margaret Hodge, chair of the United Kingdom's Committee of Public Accounts, said during a hearing in 2013, as quoted by the BBC. Indonesia's House of Representatives is not going to schedule a similar hearing. "There is no plan to call Google Indonesia to the Commission XI yet, as we believe the problem will be solved in accordance with the regulations," Hendrawan Supratikno of the Commission XI, which oversees finance and banking, told the Jakarta Globe. "Our tax regime is not meant to scare businesses. If Google is indeed planning to hide its revenue with particular tricks, the Directorate General of Taxes must force it to make a report to detect any wrongdoing," he said.Show More Google Asia Pacific directorate general of taxes Income Tax Law revision G20 Countries Raise Concern Over Tax Collection on E-Commerce: Finance Minister Tax Office to Open on Saturdays as Part of Tax Amnesty Initiative   Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. MORE NEWS Pertamina Seeks to Wrap Up Deal for Cilacap Refinery Upgrade Samarinda Church Bomber Is a Former Terror Convict: Police Exploring Komodo National Park Four Injured in Firebomb Attack on Samarinda Church No Anti-Ahok Protest on Nov. 25: Jakarta Police Chief Chandra Asri to Raise $37m From Bonds to Repay Debt Recurring Revenue Shields Lippo Karawaci From Weak Property Market Indonesia's Current Account Deficit Narrows to 1.8 Percent of GDP: Bank Indonesia Marines Applaud and Parade Jokowi After Official Ceremony Pasang iklan disini via B1 Ads Top # Jakarta Globe #DonaldTrump #Anti-Ahokrally #PresidentJokoWidodo #2016USPresidentialElection #Jakartagubernatorialelection2017 Most Popular     ABOUT US PRIVACY POLICY CAREER CONNECT APPS Copyright©2016 Jakarta Globe, All Rights Reserved Close
null
liverpoolechoLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Liverpool News Traffic and Travel Crime Hillsborough Celebs Business Education Politics Nostalgia Real Lives Motors UK & World News News OpinionExpand What's on Latest What's on Things to do Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife The Beatles Arts & Culture Film Theatre Shopping TravelExpand Liverpool FC Everton FC Celebs In Your Area Liverpool Knowsley Wirral Sefton Runcorn & Widnes St Helens See all locationsExpand Sport Latest Sport Liverpool FC Everton FC Tranmere Rovers FC Boxing Rugby League Cricket Football Other Sport Sport Opinion Fantasy FootballExpand Business Quizzes Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices Plus Rewards BuySell Flights Merseyshop Book an Ad Our RSS feeds Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with us How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © 2016 Trinity Mirror Merseyside Home In Your Area Walton In Your Area St Matthew's pupils travel the world! Around 240 pupils from St Matthew’s Catholic Primary School, Walton, were able travel the world from the comfort of their classroom thanks to Google  Share  Comments ByCommunity ContributorJennifer Little 10:32, 14 OCT 2016 Updated10:32, 14 OCT 2016 In Your Area St Matthew's Catholic Primary School enjoy the Google Expeditions Pioneer Programme  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Around 240 pupils from St Matthew’s Catholic Primary School, Walton, were able travel the world from the comfort of their classroom thanks to Google. As part of Google Expeditions Pioneer Programme, an expedition team visited St Matthew’s bringing with them kits that enabled teachers to take Key Stage 2 students on virtual trips to a variety of places – including Egypt, the Great Wall of China and even the Moon. Teachers were able to send synchronised three-dimensional 360° panoramas of scenes straight from a tablet to students’ smartphone headsets placed inside cardboard viewers. St Matthew’s is one of the selected few schools in Liverpool, and in the UK, so far to have had an Expedition Team visit since the programme launched four weeks ago. It came as a perfect opportunity for the children at St Matthew’s who are focusing on computing in the curriculum as part of their Computing Unplugged and Robots Week. It was an endless chorus of wows and “This is so cool!” whenever the children were shown a new place. St Matthew's Catholic Primary School enjoy the Google Expeditions Pioneer Programme Year 6 students and School Mentors Lola Robinson, aged 10, and Nathan Sanderson, 11, pointed out the benefits of using the tool in the classroom. Lola said: “If you’re in lessons, you don’t have to just look at still pictures, you can look around too and experience it yourself.” Nathan added: “I’d recommend people to use it in Geography because it is places they’ve never been, or in History too because if we were studying things from a long time ago or different countries we could use it. “We could go to Germany and look back at places to do with the war.” Michelle Cromby-While, IT Lead at the primary school on Queens Drive, organised the visit simply by filling in an application online. Michelle explained: “We expressed our interest to have Google come in because we are a very forward thinking school when it comes to IT.” Martin McNally, a Year 6 teacher who was also heavily involved in organising the visit said: “We’re a school that embraces new things. “We’re always looking for opportunities to broaden the children’s horizons.” Martin was one of the 16 educators given the chance to lead a session using a kit and found it to be a successful learning tool to use. “What it really did, which is something that focuses learning, is promote enquiry. “I’d go as far as to say that it creates a huge amount of possibilities in a classroom for the children and I absolutely loved the cross-curricular opportunities that it throws up. “And to top it all off, it’s great fun.” Google Expeditions’s aim is to allow children to experience places they may never get to see. They encourage schools around the city to take part by signing up for free.  Share  Comments Comments Show more comments More On Walton Google Education in-your-area all Most Read Most Recent KnowsleyGerrard's goal is to help youngsters score in life Soccer Camp has twin target LiverpoolFilm Hub North West Central celebrates BFI Blackstar Film Hub North West Central is celebrating BFI BLACK STAR, throughout November and December with a series of events across the region WaltonLocal salon to raise money for Woodlands Hospice Bella Mode to hold  event in aid of Woodlands Hospice WirralCharity Christmas stamps are going on sale The annual Wirral Scout and Guide Christmas Post stamps go on sale November 19 2016 and will again be 30p each to purchase In Your AreaLiverpool actress is star of the show at ASFA Television actress Phina Oruche performed her one-woman show for pupils at the Academy of St Francis of Assisi Missing peopleMissing Anita Stevenson's friends say it’s 'tearing family to pieces' A group of 30 from Anita's hometown travelled to Wirral today I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of HereI'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! 2016 - When it's back and everything you need to know The Wirral athlete hotly tipped to be part of the jungle line-up KirkbyKirkby benefits dad launches £10,000 charity weight loss challenge Scott Gavin became a successful entrepreneur on Channel 5's Great British Benefits Handout LiverpoolPhotographer took more than 5,000 photos of Liverpool - and this video is the result Timelapse video shows landmarks including the Chinese arch and Liverpool's two cathedrals Merseyside PoliceNazi stickers put up across part of Liverpool Local councillor says he will be reporting offensive stickers to the police and urged people to remove them Most Read Most Recent Daniel SturridgeSturridge - Liverpool striker hits back at the 'unfair' critics Reds forward says he is a team player but the box is where he needs to be Liverpool FCGomez ends Liverpool injury nightmare with 45 minute return Defender comes in at half-time in behind closed doors friendly as youngster Rhian Brewster nets hat-trick Liverpool FCRevealed: Liverpool FC salaries put club among the world's sporting elite Wages at Anfield are in the top 10 of any football team globally Caught on CameraCaught on Camera: Can you help police solve these 10 offences? November appeal includes call for help over betting shop madness and racist abuse Philippe CoutinhoCoutinho - Liverpool talisman wants to fulfil ambitions at Anfield As Spanish giants hover, former coach says player is happy at Anfield and is keen to meet his challenges there Museum of LiverpoolMuseum of Liverpool to close for 'essential work' Waterfront attraction will be shut for two months in the New Year  to allow internal work to be done I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of HereSam Quek enters I'm a Celebrity...Get me out of here by jumping out of a helicopter The infamous reality show launched tonight Daniel SturridgeSturridge - Liverpool striker hits back at the 'unfair' critics Reds forward says he is a team player but the box is where he needs to be I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of HereI'm a Celeb 2016: Sam Quek says she's doing it for her nan Dolly Higgins, 96, pulled through a really bad stroke to watch her granddaughter win Olympic gold FacebookNazi sticker culprits branded 'disgusting' and 'idiots' by ECHO readers Offensive stickers were found around Liverpool on Remembrance Sunday Top Stories Museum of LiverpoolMuseum of Liverpool to close for 'essential work' Waterfront attraction will be shut for two months in the New Year  to allow internal work to be done FacebookNazi sticker culprits branded 'disgusting' and 'idiots' by ECHO readers Offensive stickers were found around Liverpool on Remembrance Sunday Caught on CameraCaught on Camera: Can you help police solve these 10 offences? November appeal includes call for help over betting shop madness and racist abuse Liverpool City CentreSneak peek inside St Johns Market ahead of tomorrow's opening We got an exclusive preview of the new £2.5m market hall I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of HereSam Quek enters I'm a Celebrity...Get me out of here by jumping out of a helicopter The infamous reality show launched tonight Missing peopleMissing Anita Stevenson's friends say it’s 'tearing family to pieces' A group of 30 from Anita's hometown travelled to Wirral today Daniel SturridgeSturridge - Liverpool striker hits back at the 'unfair' critics Reds forward says he is a team player but the box is where he needs to be Everton FCEverton must be able to do THIS if they want Europe - Koeman Everton assistant boss Erwin Koeman spells out what is required for the Blues to make top six Liverpool FCGomez ends Liverpool injury nightmare with 45 minute return Defender comes in at half-time in behind closed doors friendly as youngster Rhian Brewster nets hat-trick TwitterLiverpool news and transfer rumours RECAP: Souness warns Sturridge, Gomez in action, Coutinho 'should stay at Reds', transfer latest All the latest news and views from Anfield TwitterEverton news and transfer rumours RECAP: Koeman eyes Holland job, Depay interest confirmed, bizarre Niasse, Coleman joy All the latest news and views from Goodison Park Philippe CoutinhoCoutinho - Liverpool talisman wants to fulfil ambitions at Anfield As Spanish giants hover, former coach says player is happy at Anfield and is keen to meet his challenges there News What's on Sport In Your Area Liverpool FC Everton FC Celebs Business Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram Our RSS feeds Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with us How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © 2016 Trinity Mirror Merseyside This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Blu-ray Players DVRs and Media players Gadgets Headphones Portable Audio Projectors More Surround Sound Systems TVs Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / TVs & Audio / Portable Audio / Onkyo DP-X1 Onkyo DP-X1 review 0 shares Read Comments By Simon Osborne-Walker Updated: 14 October 2016 Awards 1 of 6 Summary Our Score: 10 Page 1: Design, Sound Quality and Verdict 6 Pictures Best Deals Pros Access to Google Play apps Feels bombproof Sounds spectacular MQA support Twin microSD slots offer huge storage potential Cons Rather large Best Deals for Onkyo DP-X1 Key Features 4.7-inch 1,280 x 720-pixel touchscreen Android 5.1.1 OS Supports DSD (DSF/DSDIFF), FLAC, ALAC, WAV, AIFF, Ogg-Vorbis, MP3, AAC, MQA 32GB storage + 2 microSD slots 3.5mm and 2.5mm balanced headphone outputs Wi-Fi & Bluetooth aptX 129.0 × 75.9 × 12.7mm, 203g Manufacturer: Onkyo Review Price: £599.00 What is the Onkyo DP-X1? You’d be forgiven for thinking this svelte black slab is a smartphone. It certainly looks like one. And, indeed, it does run on Android. But this is actually a Hi-Res Audio player from respected Japanese audio specialist, Onkyo. More than that, the DP-X1 is the first pocket player to support the MQA (Master Quality Authenticated) audio codec. That’s kind of a big deal for on-the-go audiophiles. MQA manages to squeeze Hi-Res Audio into files no bigger than you’d need for CD-quality tracks, so you can fit a larger music library on to a portable player such as this. Related: What is MQA? Not that storage is necessarily a problem for the Onkyo DP-X1. Although there’s only 32GB internally, it has a pair of microSD slots that mean you can pump up the (storage) volume to a staggering 432GB. Access to the Google Play Store for apps means it’s also capable of streaming and downloading from a wealth of services over Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth aptX adds further wireless versatility. None of this comes cheap, however: you’ll need to splash out £599 before you’ve even thought about filling one of those microSD slots, or upgrading your headphones to a pair that are worthy of this magnificent media player. Onkyo DP-X1 – Design and Features The first word that sprang to mind when I picked up the DP-X1 was “solid”. It feels like it’s crammed with dark matter. I was also a little surprised by its size. Having recently spent a lot of time with the Astell & Kern AK70, the DP-X1 seemed enormous by comparison. In width and thickness, it’s a smidgen bigger than most modern flagship phones, and only a tiny bit shorter in length. The back and sides appear to be formed from a single piece of aluminium in a matte-black finish. It’s all very angular, aside from a pleasingly gentle scallop on the underside of the rotary volume knob. And that volume knob is a work of art – just one of many – with a knurled edge and brushed top that are finished in gun-metal grey, set off with a bare brass section where it meets the body. Sexy. Other sumptuous touches include stylishly engraved script and icons, as well as gold-plated headphone sockets on the top. Yes, sockets, plural. Like the aforementioned Astell & Kern, the Onkyo DP-X1 has a 3.5mm jack socket and a 2.5mm output for balanced headphones. Down the right-hand side is where much of the action happens, with round metal buttons for power, play/pause, skip forward and skip backward, as well as a pair of microSD card slots. These slots can each accept up to a 200GB card, meaning you can theoretically jack up the storage to 432GB. On the bottom is the Micro USB socket for charging and data transfer, and a microphone. Why a microphone? Well, although the DP-X1 can’t actually be used for phone calls, it can run almost any app an Android smartphone can, so you could perhaps use it for dictation or using Google Now for voice searches. Talking of Android, the Onkyo is running version 5.1.1 – for now, at least – and with minimal change to its UI. If you’re familiar with Android, you’ll know exactly what you’re doing with the DP-X1. Sensibly, Onkyo’s placed its music app in the dock at the bottom, alongside Settings and the button that takes you to the app drawer. On the homescreen there’s the standard Google folder containing all of the search giant’s usual apps, plus a link to the Google Play app store and an intriguing icon for “Useful Apps”. The latter opens up a list of music service apps and remote-control apps for Onkyo and Pioneer hardware. Along with MQA support, the ability to download standard Android apps, such as those for Spotify, Tidal and Deezer, really sets the Onkyo apart from the dedicated Hi-Res competition. Sure, those services don’t actually stream in Hi-Res yet, but sometimes you just want access to new music, regardless of file quality. Internally, the Onkyo DP-X1 is blessed with not one but two ESS Technology Sabre ES9018K2M DACs, as well as two Sabre 9601K amps. Its 1,630mAh battery promises 16 hours of listening to Hi-Res Audio files. The touchscreen is an impressive (for a media player) 4.7-inch 720p HD panel, with Android’s usual three virtual buttons at the bottom. Related: What is Hi-Res Audio? Onkyo DP-X1 – Performance Loading up the DP-X1 with tunes is a simple case of dragging and dropping. Making it play nice with Mac required the Android File Transfer software, although you can bypass that if you’re loading up microSD cards via a card reader. The Android interface is simple enough, although anyone not used to Google’s mobile OS might not know to double-drag the notifications bar from the top to get to the Quick Settings menu. I had no complaints with the 720p touchscreen – it’s as crisp and clear as you’d expect from a panel on any modern mid-range smartphone. Onkyo’s own music app is pretty tasty, and enables you to browse your music by the usual criteria – artist, album, song, playlist and genre – as well as by composer, file directory and, more cleverly, by the file type. So you can easily find out which tunes you have in MQA format, or ALAC, FLAC, OGG and so on. It’s all very intuitive. I did most of my testing through the class-leading Noble Audio Kaiser 10 custom-fitted earphones, as well as the Grado Labs GS1000e over-ears. The DP-X1 doesn’t seem to be at all fussy about partnering headphones, however, and didn’t have trouble driving any pair I connected. The sound quality of the DP-X1 is truly exceptional. Listening to Kimiko Douglass-Ishizaka’s 24-bit/96kHz recordings of Bach’s Goldberg Variations revealed that the Onkyo has the same impeccable timing and stop-start precision with notes as the Astell & Kern AK70, without being quite so overly bright. It’s a sound that’s totally unfatiguing. Moving onto something a little more modern – Fleetwood Mac’s Rumours (24-bit/96kHz) – proved that the DP-X1 is just as adept with vocals and guitars. On “The Chain”, the kick drum had just the right sharpness of thud, while the twanging guitars flickered and shimmered beautifully just behind my ears. As for the headlining MQA support, the tracks I had to hand confirmed that this is a truly exciting format for music fans. They exhibited all the same characteristics through the Onkyo, but without taking up so much of the precious storage space. The DP-X1 is equally comfortable with non-Hi-Res content, though, making the very best of the lower fidelity instead of baring its frailties. With the live recording of Josh Ritter’s Acoustic Live Vol.1, the intricate finger-picking in “Galahad” is sensational, and the humour in Ritter’s vocals is perfectly captured through the vocals. You can almost see the twinkle in his eyes. I found the claimed 16-hour battery life to be about right, although use of Wi-Fi and Bluetooth eats into it rather quickly. It has nowhere near the phenomenal stamina of the Sony NW-ZX100, but a little more than the Astell & Kern AK70. It’s easily good enough, in other words. Should I buy the Onkyo DP-X1? If you’re looking for an entry to Hi-Res Audio on the go, the Onkyo DP-X1 should be at the top of your list. It isn't the cheapest – although it’s had a swift £100 price cut since launch – but what’s on offer for the money is exceptional. MQA support and the twin microSD slots give it a little futureproofing, too. If you’re not worried about being limited to the Tidal and Moov streaming services and would rather have a smaller, lighter player, then the Astell & Kern AK70 is an excellent, cheaper alternative. Another option is the excellent Chord Mojo, an external DAC/headphone amp that can turn your phone into a top-class Hi-Res Audio player – albeit as a rather more fiddly solution. Related: Best Headphones to Buy Verdict Probably the best portable Hi-Res Audio player you can get right now – and the most versatile. Overall Score 10 Best Deals for Onkyo DP-X1 0 shares Read Comments Neil Turner October 14, 2016, 1:21 pm £700 for a portable hi-res player??? How about the Fiio X5 2nd gen which is £450 less .... cheese king October 14, 2016, 2:07 pm jebus, what decade are we in again? jimmy October 14, 2016, 5:10 pm £700 for an ipod. no thanks. If you are someone who wants audio of this quality you aren't likely listen to it on the go through average headphones. Alex October 15, 2016, 5:59 pm It's plagued with problems. I bought and returned one because 1. It has a wobbly 3.5mm headphone jack. Numerous people have reported having it, and I started experiencing it after a week. 2. It has terrible RF noise shielding. Whenever you use Wi-Fi while listening, you can hear the noise. 3. Low power output due to its amp class. Good for IEMs but not enough for headphones. I used Chord Mojo with it, but the form factor is too different. I found Oppo HA-2 better with it. Alex October 15, 2016, 6:03 pm It's not an iPod. It's a DAP including 2 Sabre DACs and two complete balanced channels of audio output. The reviewer used a pair of Noble Audio Kaiser 10. Google how much they cost. Alex October 15, 2016, 6:06 pm This can't be compared to Fiio X5 2nd gen... This is an Android-based DAP with a balanced output which can play up to 32-384 and DSD. Peter October 15, 2016, 6:37 pm Its 'quality' will be lost on most, a niche product at best. Oh and yeah given its high res credentials you think they could have offered a lot more on-board storage. Its a money to burn / money no object / willy waggling purchase at best. Neil Turner October 15, 2016, 10:39 pm My point is that the reviewer states that this is an entry into hi-res audio - but this can be achieved for a lot less than £700, which frankly is not entry point ... Simon Osborne-Walker October 17, 2016, 8:34 am In my experience, it's not worth spending less. None of the cheap dedicated hi-res players I've heard – including the Fiio – do hi-res files justice. There's much better value in buying a DAC/ headphone amp for your phone at that end of the price spectrum. Also, the Onkyo is now £600, not £700. Simon Osborne-Walker October 17, 2016, 8:37 am I didn't experience any of those problems. Perhaps there was a bad batch. As for the power output, the majority of headphones designed for portable listening should be just fine. Were you trying to drive home hi-fi headphones from it? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Google to fact check online news stories   Google will serve fact checking articles alongside the news Credit: Reuters Cara McGoogan 14 October 2016 • 10:37am Google has launched an assault on false, misleading and inaccurate news articles online with the introduction of a new feature that will fact check stories on its News section.  It has added a fact check tag to Google News that is reserved for articles from official fact checking websites, such as the UK charity Full Fact. The factual update to the popular news aggregator could help encourage the spread of accurate news online.   "Fact check" will appear ahead of articles that are from fact checking sites on Google News Credit: Google Alongside regular news stories on any given topic, Google will now pull articles from fact checking websites, of which there are more than 100 around the world and two based in the UK, according to Duke University.     "They collectively produce many thousands of fact-checks a year, examining claims around urban legends, politics, health, and the media," said Richard Gingras, Google's head of news. "We're excited to see the growth of the Fact Check community and to shine a light on its efforts to divine fact from fiction, wisdom from spin."  Fact check sites tend to use a particular type of computer code, which the search giant said it will use to determine if an article contains fact checks. It will also scan the sites to see if they follow widely accepted criteria for such pieces.  The tag works in a similar way to the "In-Depth", "Opinion" and "Local News" tags on Google News, and will appear before the headline as "Fact Check".  google biggest failures The update comes amid growing concern about the truth of articles published and promoted online. Facebook has come under fire for promoting fake news after users found its news section contained false, inaccurate and potentially offensive stories. Following an incident where the social network promote the fake story "BREAKING: Fox News exposes traitor Megyn Kelly, kicks her out for backing Hillary", Facebook said it had tweaked its news algorithm. But after the changes, promoted five fake stories and three highly inaccurate ones in a three week period, according to the Washington Post.  World's best offices? Inside Facebook, Google and Airbnb   Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Internet Google Media and Telecoms industry Show more Technology latest 13 Nov 2016, 5:21pm Reddit's plan to tackle trolls and beat Facebook  13 Nov 2016, 3:36pm Comment: Brexit vote has not sparked a tech exodus James Titcomb Premium 13 Nov 2016, 10:57am How Japan's Line proved messaging apps can make money 12 Nov 2016, 8:02pm Powa Technologies payments investigated by administrators 12 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Row over delayed emergency services’ new radio system   12 Nov 2016, 7:11pm Telecoms rivals raise alarm on new network for emergency services  Premium 12 Nov 2016, 7:03pm Comment: Is the country that gave the world its first Industrial Revolution missing out on the spoils of Industry 4.0? Nazo Moosa Premium 11 Nov 2016, 11:58pm Facebook apologises for bug that prematurely announces users' demise 11 Nov 2016, 2:53pm Facebook cracks down on adverts that exclude ethnic minorities Gallery 11 Nov 2016, 1:26pm Gallery: Most important inventions of the 21st Century: in pictures 11 Nov 2016, 11:54am Hijab emoji approved by Unicode 11 Nov 2016, 11:26am Spotify bug killing hard drives with gigabytes of 'junk' data, users claim 11 Nov 2016, 9:55am Mark Zuckerberg rejects 'crazy idea' Facebook influenced US election result 10 Nov 2016, 4:43pm Dishonored 2 interview - Harvey Smith on development, disappointments and robot dinosaurs 10 Nov 2016, 4:31pm Fear and loathing in Silicon Valley: How the technology world woke up to Donald Trump Premium 10 Nov 2016, 3:41pm Google says EU competition charge threatens free Android Gallery 10 Nov 2016, 1:04pm Gallery: iOS 10: The best hidden features 10 Nov 2016, 9:47am ‘Keep moving forward’: Apple’s Tim Cook quotes Martin Luther King in response to Trump victory 00:46 10 Nov 2016, 8:39am 500mph Hyperloop train will travel from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in 12 minutes 09 Nov 2016, 6:03pm Anti-rubbish app LitterGram retains name after battle with Instagram  09 Nov 2016, 4:13pm PS4 Pro review: The best games console for 4K players If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
CLOSE Daily News Business IT&Online Politics Justice Social Legal People Entertainment Culture Events Cinema Charities Sports Discover Romania Travel Planner Famous RO RO entrepreneurs History & Holidays RO Music RO Art & Culture Language Experience Romania Food Restaurant Review Film Review Expat Life Expat Profile Practical Romania Expat Interviews Careers in RO Community Voice Opinion Advice Intercultural -0.5 °C Bucharest Nov 14, 05:03 Advertise here About Us Team Editorial Advertising & Media Services Guest Writers Contact Editorial Advertising & Media Services Admin Get Press Review Demo Sign in / Register LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Daily News Business IT&Online Politics Justice Social Legal People Entertainment Culture Events Cinema Charities Sports Discover Romania Travel Planner Famous RO RO entrepreneurs History & Holidays RO Music RO Art & Culture Language Experience Romania Food Restaurant Review Film Review Expat Life Expat Profile Practical Romania Expat Interviews Careers in RO Community Voice Opinion Advice Intercultural Google SearchSearch this website daily news social Romanian authorities send 17 requests to Google for user data 14 Oct 2016 by Romania Insider Leave a comment Romanian authorities sent 17 requests to Google to get the data of 27 users or accounts in the first half of the year. The company responded positively to eight of these requests (47%), according to a report published by Google. At world level, Google received 44,943 requests from law enforcement agencies for the data of over 76,700 accounts. It positively responded to 64% of them. Most requests came from US authorities, namely over 14,000 requests for over 30,000 users, with 79% of them being honored. Germany ranked second, with 8,788 requests, followed by France with 4,300 requests, and India with over 3,400. editor@romania-insider.com Romania Insider Search on the web You might also be interested in these stories Romania’s Finance Ministry introduces new amendments to the fiscal code 8 Nov 2016business Moldovan presidential candidate wants to remove Romania’s history from schools 11 Nov 2016politics videoAmerican jazz singer Gregory Porter to perform in Romania next spring 8 Nov 2016events Romania allocates EUR 3 mln to fund kindergartens in Moldova 8 Nov 2016politics photo17th century “Stone Palace” in Romania put up for sale 10 Nov 2016business OMV Petrom posts EUR 106 mln profit in the third quarter as sales continue to decline 9 Nov 2016business Facebook Comments Romania Insider Newsletter Stay in touch with all that matters to you with our free daily newsletter. From Our Partners (P) Prepare your business for 2017 – join NRCC Night of... 3 Nov 2016 / Advertorials The Netherlands Romanian Chamber of Commerce (NRCC) organises on 24th of November, at JW Marriott Bucharest Grand Hotel, the 2nd edition of the NRCC... (P) Dynamic Plaza, green roof terraces and friendly work spaces in Bucharest Centre Advertising - 1 Nov 2016 (P) Exclusive Beauty & Fashion Shows: New shopping experience in Little Paris! Advertising - 28 Oct 2016 (P) Increase your visibility on the expat market in Romania: Join the Expat Fair! Advertising - 27 Oct 2016 (P) Fine drinks tasting events, networking evenings and an excellent ambiance at Noble Drinks... Advertising - 21 Oct 2016 Top Articles Average download speed for fixed Internet keeps going up in Romania 8 Nov 2016 photo17th century “Stone Palace” in Romania put up for sale 10 Nov 2016 Marks & Spencer exits the Romanian market after EUR 10 mln... 8 Nov 2016 Parliamentary elections in Romania: Some 6,500 candidates at the starting line,... 11 Nov 2016 Romanian alpinists summit unclimbed peak in the Himalayas 7 Nov 2016 Education in Romania (P) King’s Oak British International School – caring for others 14 Oct 2016 / Advertorials Education is not only about learning new skills in literacy and numeracy or science, it is about using those skills to improve the world... (P) A School in an Oak Forest Advertising - 13 Oct 2016 (P) Keep the communication door open and kids away from dependence Advertising - 10 Oct 2016 (P) The learning journey begins! Building strong children at King’s Oak British International School Advertising - 9 Sep 2016 (P) American International School of Bucharest (AISB) partners with Microsoft to lead the next... Advertising - 14 Jun 2016 Looking for a Job in Romania? What: Where: jobs by Contact About Us Advertise here Get Press Review Demo editorial guidelines testimonials terms and conditions privacy policy Consumer’s protection – ANPC Business Insider SRL is a carrier of data with personal character, registered in the "Registrul de Evidenta a Prelucrarilor de Date cu Caracter Personal" with the no. 28263. © 2016 City Compass Media and/or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read More Want to be up to speed with what's happening in Romania? We'll send your first batch of news for the day directly to your inbox. Subscribe to our mailing list Romania Insider Daily distribution list I also want to receive the weekly newsletter from City Compass with events & recommendations
Pocket-lint Sections App Camera Car Drone Fitness Tracker Gadgets Games Headphone Laptop Parenting Phone Smart Home Smartwatch Speaker Tablet TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Google Pixel review: Android at its best Cam Bunton9 November 2016Phone Pocket-lint 5 stars - Pocket-lint editors choice £599 For Design quality is superb, stock Android runs very smoothly, sharp and bright screen Against More expensive than Nexus phones, no manual camera controls Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment For years, Google chose to partner with manufacturers to create handsets showing off the purest form of Android, with the latest innovations highlighted by the best hardware. This was what the Nexus range was all about. But this lead to at least a few compromises.  With the arrival of Daydream VR, and with so many hardware makers falling on financial hard times, Google couldn't afford any compromises. The Pixel is the company's first home-made smartphone. It offers the latest version of Android, with a few Pixel-specific features, and support for the as-yet-unreleased VR system. Google Pixel Review: Design The Pixel may not have been technically built by Google, but neither is the iPhone technically built by Apple. It's commonplace to have another company building the actual hardware. For the Pixel, Google chose HTC, a company which has seen its own-brand devices slump in popularity over recent years. But here's the good part: HTC knows how to build really good phones. Google Pixel and Pixel XL: When and where can I get them? Think back to the Nexus One, undoubtedly one of the best-made Nexus phones released. It was built by HTC. More recently, the HTC One Series, ranging from the M7 to M9, all drew plaudits for their industrial design. In short: Google couldn't have picked a better hardware manufacturer. And it shows in the device. Everything about the exterior design and manufacturing feels deliberate, purposeful and precise. Whether you're looking at the textured power button, the Type-C port and flanking cutouts for the mic and speaker, the 3.5mm jack or the weird glass panel on the back, it's all exact. Pocket-lint Then there's the soft bead-blasted metal finish on the back which rounds really nicely towards the perfectly flat edges and the large angle chamfers. All of it is so well finished and designed, it's impossible to ignore. We're not particularly fond of the unusual-looking glass panel on the back, which hosts the camera, sensors, dual-tone LED flash and circular fingerprint sensor. But we get it. In an era where so many smartphones look the same, it's nice to have something different, something that says "this is the Pixel phone". With that, and the single "G" stamped on the back, it's recognisable as a device all of its own. Google Pixel tips: First things to do with your new Google superphone One element that's difficult to get used to is the position of the volume and power buttons. Most phones tend to have the power button lowest, whereas Google opted to put the power button above the volume switch. That means it's easy to accidentally turn volume down, rather than send the phone to sleep. Pocket-lint All these perks and quirks are packed in to a phone which fits really nicely in the hand, feels durable, and has a heft of class without being too heavy. Google Pixel Review: Display With the Pixel being the smaller of the two new Google phones, the 5-inch screen features fewer pixels than its big brother, the Pixel XL. While the larger model has a Quad HD screen, the Pixel has a Full HD panel. Still, 1080 x 1920 pixels shoved into a display that's only 5-inches diagonally makes for a very sharp screen. At 441 pixels per inch, everything is crisp. It is AMOLED too, and comes with all the benefits and drawbacks of choosing that over LCD. Specifically, colours are vibrant, contrast is high and blacks are deep. That means it's fantastic for watching movies, gaming, or viewing anything with lots of colour. Pocket-lint It does mean that whites aren't quite as pure as they would be on a good LCD panel - they come across as ever so slightly warm, but you're unlikely to notice unless you have it side-by-side with an iPhone or other device. On the whole, the Pixel's display is one of the nicest we've seen on a phone at this scale. The panel itself is so close to the glass surface that viewing angles are superb, and content almost appears as if it's on the surface. Google Pixel Review: Software The Google Pixel comes with the brand new version of Android Nougat. But you can take what you know about 7.0 Nougat and throw it away, because the Pixel Launcher and software are considerably different to the software we've been using since the first Nexus developer preview went live a few months ago. Pocket-lint First up is Google Assistant, the voice controlled assistant. It is, essentially, Google Now packaged in to a more human, chat-like user interface. It has many of the same functions you're used to - like telling you the weather, knowing your calendar events, setting reminders, sports scores and much more - but packaged in to an interface that's more intuitive. Part of the setup process - when first powering up the phone - is training it to recognise your voice, the same way Google Now does when you want the "Ok Google" command to wake it up when it's dormant. You can also launch it by tapping and holding the virtual home button. Now, instead of launching a Google Search interface, the command launches a chat thread, similar to Google Allo, the company's messaging app, in the bottom half of the screen which then expands once a question has been posed.  Pocket-lint The beauty of Google Assistant is that it keeps learning. As time goes by, and you use it more, its predictive reply suggestions are more tailored to the kinds of things you would ask or say. Like Google Allo, these appear as individual bubbles underneath the most recent response from Google.  Unlike every version of Android so far, there's no app drawer button. The familiar dotted circle icon has been replaced by an app drawer that simply drags up from the bottom of the home screen. While the gesture feels more intuitive, the biggest benefit of this is that it allows you to have a fifth app icon pinned to the dock. Google Pixel tips and tricks: Getting to grips with Google's phone The app icons themselves have been given a new feature too. Similar to the iPhone, you can bring up app shortcuts for some of the default Android apps like Messenger, Calendar, Camera and Dialler. Because there's no pressure sensitive screen, you bring these up by long-pressing the app.  Another new addition in the Pixel launcher is the wallpaper picker, which now has a vast collection of default wallpapers, including some breathtaking landscapes and cityscapes from professional photographers, as well as Google's own live wallpapers. Some of these react and change colour to match the time and the weather, others are just Google Earth images that move slowly and react as you swipe through home screen spaces.  Pocket-lint All the default app icons are now round, as are the folder windows, and you can quick-reply to notifications without leaving the app you're in, or from the lock screen. But, apart from those design changes and features, there are some real benefits to having a Pixel phone over another Android smartphone.  Firstly, the Google Photos app allows you backup all of your photos in full size, original resolution, for free. Normally, on other Android phones or iPhone, you only get free unlimited backup space if you choose to reduce the quality. What's more, there's no time limit on the offer. As long as you have the Pixel phone, you get full resolution backups.  Secondly, the Settings app has a second tab giving you quick, easy access to a support team. You can call them or start a text-based chat with them as they help you through any issues you're having.  Pocket-lint Apart from those features, the software is otherwise Android 7.1 Nougat as we know it. That includes the split-screen multitasking mode, which seems a little wasted on a 5-inch screen. Although it is still useful for those odd moments when you need to reference a video, map position, or quote while typing an email or message.  Easy access to your battery performance from the drop-down menu - which, by the way, you can access now by swiping down on the Pixel Imprint sensor on the back - is a much welcome addition, as is the ability to add, remove and rearrange quick settings tiles.  Google Pixel Review: Performance One of the benefits of creating its own phone, is that the Google software can be fine-tuned to run like a charm on the hardware. With its clean, stock Android experience, there's no bloat or additional software to get in the way. That means everything is very snappy and smooth in operation. In fact, we'd go as far as saying it's the most responsive Android phone we've ever used. Pocket-lint While a big part of that is the new lightweight software experience, it's also down to the efficient and powerful Snapdragon 821 quad-core processor and 4GB RAM that's on board. Game animations are stutter-free and smooth, while load times are as quick as you'd hope for from a flagship phone. It may not get the highest benchmark scores we've seen during tests, but it still runs like a dream - and that, ultimately, is what matters most. There's the option for 32 or 128GB of storage and as anyone who owned a Nexus will tell you, there's no provision for microSD card expansion here. That's a downside compared to many flagship Android phones. Sure, Apple has never offered expandable storage and that works for iPhone; Android does and in this new competitive "phone by Google" world, customers will expect such features. Google Pixel Review: Battery Life On paper, the 2,770mAh battery may not seem like it would be capacious enough to offer great battery life, but that's where numbers on paper can deceive. There are a couple of things worth taking in to consideration that ensure the Pixel's battery lasts well beyond a full day of regular use. First is thanks again to that software. Like Android Marshmallow before it, Android 7 Nougat has Google Doze. This essentially means that when the phone is put down on a surface and in standby, any excessive background processes are killed. This ensures there's little battery usage when the phone isn't in use, like when you're asleep. Unlike Marshmallow, Nougat's Doze mode is also active when the phone is in your pocket, or in your hand. It doesn't have to be lying still on a flat surface. In short: if your phone isn't being used, your battery isn't either. Pocket-lint With light use, our Pixel got from 07:30 to 18:00 with 60 per cent of its capacity left. For light users, this Pixel phone could even be a two day phone. Most days, we got to bed time with between 30-40 per cent charge remaining. That was after spending most of the evening testing the phone's performance (AKA playing hours of Temple Run 2). For heavy users, we suspect the Pixel would still get you to the end of a work day comfortably. Regardless of how long it lasts any specific user, the phone still charges really quickly, thanks to its Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 support. Google claims you can get seven hours worth of battery juice from plugging it in for just 15 minutes. Our experience says you should be able to fully charge it in little over an hour. Google Pixel Review: Camera Google claims its camera is among the best out there, pointing to the often-cited DxOMark mobile scores to prove to us all that it's the best camera on a smartphone to date. In our experience, it is good, but it's far from perfect. Pocket-lint One of its early flaws - which could presumably fixed with a software update - is its tendency to get the white balance wrong. In some photos, it applies a white balance as if lightning is incredibly cool, and overcompensates by making the scene more yellow. Almost as if an orange filter has been placed on the outside of the lens. We found this happened on both the front and rear facing camera. With that said, it is capable of producing some really great shots. Even without manual controls - which we've come to expect from top Android phones - it can create photographs with great colour and detail. Perhaps more impressive is that it captures them very quickly. There's almost zero waiting time between hitting the shutter button and the shot being captured. One element which surprised us was how well it coped in low-light situations. Even without manual exposure settings, and with the flash switched off, it can shoot sharp, blur-free images with great colour quality. Pocket-lint It sometimes has trouble focusing on objects close-up, so macro shots are hit and miss. With instances like this, and with the white balance issues, we can't help but feel a manual or "pro" mode with customisable ISO, shutter speed, white balance and focus would be hugely beneficial. But that's not the Pixel's focus: it's all about simplicity. Verdict The Google Pixel is the best Android experience available right now. For the first time we get to see exactly what Google has in mind for hardware design and features. Google is completely in control, and you can tell. Everything is tight, refined and polished to a degree we've never seen in a Nexus phone. Of course, this year, the Pixel arrives without the usual Nexus cheaper-than-flagship price. Indeed, the Pixel costs as much as an iPhone - and that could potentially come back to bite Google. On the other hand, with Samsung's reputation needing some serious work given Note 7 issues, the more-expensive-than-usual Android phone couldn't have come at a better time for Google. If you're after a 5-inch Android smartphone then there's simply nothing else on the market that compares to the Pixel. And because it's a Pixel, made by Google, you'll get prompt software updates, regularly, promptly and for at least a few years. You're not at the whim of a hardware manufacturer or a network operator. From £599, Amazon Sections Google Android Phone Best smartphones 2016: The best phones available to buy today Best smartphones to look forward to in 2017 Best budget smartphones 2016: The best phones available to buy for under £200 Apple iOS 10 tips and tricks: See what your iPhone and iPad can do now Popular In Phone On Pocket-lint What is the Mannequin Challenge? Plus, the best ones on the web Five great deals in the GearBest 11.11 sale Huawei Mate 9 review: The big-screen boss HTC Bolt launches in the US What better way to celebrate global madness than a $3K gold Trump iPhone Apple could introduce truly wireless charging with iPhone 8 Next Sony Xperia flagship: What's the story so far? OnePlus 3T vs Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: What's the rumoured difference? Best Black Friday UK phone deals: Apple, Samsung, Android phone deals galore Samsung Galaxy S7 can try a taste of Nougat with the 'Galaxy Beta Program' What is the Mannequin Challenge? Plus, the best ones on the web Five great deals in the GearBest 11.11 sale Win the world’s first 4k gaming console by entering the The PS4 Pro Giveaway The Microsoft Office 2016 Certification Training Bundle can help you ace your next interview (96 per cent off) Are you colour blind? This Microsoft app will help you see colour Best US Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Samsung Gear S3 preview: The final Frontier for smartwatches? NES Classic Mini review: Comes up a little short BT launches Dolby Atmos sound with 4K TV packages, get the stadium experience at home Huawei Mate 9 review: The big-screen boss Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections App Camera Car Drone Fitness Tracker Gadgets Games Headphone Laptop Parenting Phone Smart Home Smartwatch Speaker Tablet TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Google News Introduced A New Fact-Check Feature – Android Headlines Posted on October 14, 2016 by Android Headlines Google are introducing a new feature into both the news.google.com website and in the Google News & Weather applications that’s designed to show readers that the facts have been checked for the given article. Google have been labelling stories for some … Google News adds “Fact check” label for articles that contain fact-checking contentSearch Engine Land Google News will start marking topics with fact checking tagDigital Trends Google starts highlighting fact-checks in NewsTechCrunch The Hill (blog) -International Business Times -Android Police -BetaNews all 20 news articles …read more wrote 21297 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Watch Dogs 2 Easter Egg Appears to Tease a New Ubisoft Space Game – GameSpot FriendFinder Networks hack reportedly exposed over 412 million accounts – TechCrunch Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review – Gizmodo Australia Who’s excited for Pokemon Sun & Moon? – Destructoid Old Elder Scrolls Game Takes Over 60 Hours To Walk Across – Kotaku Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Messaging Software Games Mobile Phones Laptops Search Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Blorge Messaging Software Games Mobile Phones Laptops Google Play Music and FLAC Files By - May 5, 2015 SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Google Play Music is an outstanding service. With it, one can use the no-cost cloud locker storage for all one’s music files. Google Play supports a number of music file formats including MP3. However, most music lovers do not like MP3 because this format is not the best. If you are a real music lover who wants and expects best quality of audio sounds, then you will need to listen to lossless format files. The good news for these music lovers is that Google Play accepts FLAC files. This lossless music file format is the best and is the first choice for both audiophiles as well as those who engineer music professionally. The quality of sound output is best when the music is stored as FLAC files. What are FLAC files? Before getting into the benefits of FLAC files it makes sense to find out exactly what this music file format is. FLAC is an acronym for Free Lossless Audio Codec. FLAC is also an open source music format that makes it easy for anyone to compress the size of the audio file without causing any loss or change in quality of audio. This is one of the main differences between FLAC files and MP3 files. The latter shrinks the size of its files by removing certain audio information and this results in loss of audio quality. With FLAC files however the audio output is still exceptionally good. Musicians as well as engineers who are interested in using Google Music to do a quick reference mix while outside the studio will be able to do the referencing with just one basic action. Google Play accepts FLAC files For a long time Google Play was limited to providing just MP3 and AAC file format support. However, now that it is providing support for FLAC files, using Google Play will become a much more satisfying experience because anyone can now listen to more accurate audio. Even though FLAC files are still not the best file formats for listening to music they are still better than MP3 and AAC file formats. FLAC is a lossless audio CODEC that is most widely used though not every program supports this format. iTunes for example does not support FLAC files. If you are planning on using FLAC as your daily format then you have to be prepared to face a few difficulties. It is quite possible that if you want to enjoy FLAC files that you will have to switch from using iTunes to a program that supports FLAC files. Adobe Audacity is an option available for those who want to enjoy FLAC files. Google Play can upload your FLAC files with the same ease as it does when uploading MP3 files. To hear the FLAC files you will have to upload your song to Google Music. Conclusion As of now, Google Play is currently only uploading FLAC files that are 16 and 24-bit mono or stereo files. These files will be converted to 320 kbps MP3 files. Also, keep in mind that Google Play also requires that your FLAC music file cannot be larger than 300MB. TAGS Google Play Music Play Music Play FLAC Files SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleWhatsApp Future: Shopping While Messaging Next articleOS X Top Features You Didn’t Know They Exist – Improve Your Experience RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Apps WhatsApp Update Download Available with New Group Features Apps iPhone 7 Available with Top iOS 10 Apps Apps WhatsApp 2.16.274 Download Available for Android Devices with New Emojis oh dear Huh? Yannick Mahe “These files will be converted to 320 kbps MP3 files” that’s not what I call “Flac support” Andy22 Its scary how a good written article can still contain 70% false information. 1) Google upload manager does not upload flac files, it will locally transcode everything to 320k mp3 files or use a matching algorithm to avoid upload altogether. 2) If you download via PC/Mobile you will get 320k mp3 files, that are either your uploads or a matched file already on there servers. 3) Your assumption that listening to lossless flac files “will become a much more satisfying experience” disregards the actual reality that MP3 starts becoming transparent at 160-190k, while google is using 320k. Outside of some very specific error samples, there is not a single listening test that showed that anyone could consistently identify a 320k MP3 from any lossless format. The main reason to use flac is for archiving, since you can than always transcode to whatever format/size you desire. If the flac is bit-correct, it can also easily be hashed against a database to ensure 100% accurate rips. Subscribe to BLORGE via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 146 other subscribers Email Address Most Popular Posts Is The Nokia 215 Capable of Running WhatsApp? Avoid Downloading Showbox APK How To Know If You Have Been Blocked On Viber? WhatsApp Update Download Available with New Group Features Top 40 best free legal movies you can download right now WhatsApp Free Download Latest APK on Nokia Lumia 510, 520, 535 and 630 How To Use Waze without Internet Access Uninstalling Google Play Services WhatsApp Free Download and Install For Your Nokia Asha 502 BLORGE is a technology news site covering general technology and science, Vista, Macintosh, iPhone and Touch, gaming, photography, and buying guides. Contact us: contact@tech.blorge.com Home About Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2015 AAedia Ventures. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › arts › books art & design stage classical movies tv & radio music games home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Fiction Chigozie Obioma: who should I write for – Nigerians, Africans, or everyone? What does it mean to be an ‘African’ writer? And is provincial writing always political? The Nigerian author explains why the best literature is accessible to all ‘A description of a molue, the Lagos bus, is not complete without a description of its unique sound.’ Photograph: Pius Utomi Ekpei/AFP/Getty Images Chigozie Obioma Friday 14 October 2016 05.00 EDT Last modified on Friday 14 October 2016 19.00 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger When I published my novel, The Fishermen, last year, one of the most common – and most surprising – questions I received was about my intended audience. This question, I came to discover, is frequently asked of writers who have a similar provenance to mine. In the past few years, writers have responded in various ways. One reaction comes from a group of writers – including Taiye Selasi – who have sought to nix the idea of the “African” writer’s identity. Others, many of whom live in Africa, have argued that the solution is to play up their identity to an extreme – seeking to be read chiefly because of their origin rather than in spite of it. In a recent article, Nigerian writer Eghosa Imaseun argued that provincial writing is always political, objecting to the way things are explained unnecessarily for international audiences. For example: “If you write ‘He dipped his hand into the eba’, a phrase will follow to explain that eba is ‘that yellow globular mashed potato clone made from Cassava chippings’.” His frustration is evident: “You’re like, ‘Arrghhh, don’t explain it, they can Google it!’” Chigozie Obioma: the ghosts of my student years in northern Cyprus Read more Contrast this with Wole Soyinka, writing in the introduction to his new translation of Yoruba novelist DO Fagunwa’s work. Soyinka describes how he translated the phrase “Mo nmi ho bi agiliti” as “my breath came in rapid bloats like the hawing of a toad”. This aroused a protest from a Yoruba critic who complained about Soyinka’s choice, noting that agiliti is a lizard not a toad. Soyinka concedes the point, but asserts: But neither toad nor lizard is the object of action or interest to the hero Akaraogun or his creator Fagunwa at this point of narration. Fagunwa’s concern is to convey the vivid sense of event, and a translator must select equivalents for mere auxiliaries where these serve the essential purpose better than the precise original. In what I mentally refer to as the “enthusiastic” passages of his writing, the essence of Fagunwa is the fusion of sound and action. To preserve the movement and fluidity of this association seems to be the best approach for keeping faith with the author’s style and sensibility. To me this is, in many ways, a precise thesis on creative writing, a rephrasing of the most cardinal of all writing rules: show don’t tell. When we compare Soyinka’s view with Imaseun’s argument, we see glaring disparities. Writers who are most concerned with provincialism – with pleasing a particular base of readers – are probably not concerned with conveying “the vivid sense of event”. Such a writer will almost always falter in his writing, and yield, more often than not, to telling rather than showing. Suppose the African author wants to write about the molue, the iconic Lagos bus, and simply refers to it mid-sentence. He might praise himself, or be praised by defenders of this kind of politicised provincialism, for having been brave or authentic. But what does a reader see? Just a bus. There is no doubt that a reader who lives in Lagos might be at an advantage. But if a writer describes it as “a beat-up squeaking yellow-painted bus with a constant metallic rattle”, everyone, including the Lagos reader, will have a clear image of such a bus, as it has been rendered in vivid detail. All readers – Ibekwe in Lagos, Ataman in Kayseri, Lars in Bremen, Abhinav in Assam, or Jane in Ann Arbor — will see and hear this bus and capture it in their minds. I’m not convinced that this can be achieved by merely using the word “molue”. What is more baffling is that not even the defenders of provincialism believe they would be able to convey such a vivid sense of something by simply mentioning it without describing it to the reader. Imaseun provides an answer: “Google it.” Thus, a writer, in the name of political defiance, has abstained from his duty and tasked the reader with research. In an age when we complain of short attention spans and books compete with variegated media, some contemporary writers compel their readers to be distracted. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Chigozie Obioma. Photograph: Murdo Macleod for the Guardian Even if we assume that everyone reading our books will have access to Google at the time they read, one could still argue that if a reader looks up molue, they may not get the picture of a molue bus in all its eccentricity. The description of a molue cannot be complete until there has been a description of its unique sound. For this, the reader might need to consult YouTube as well. The writer’s work, which should have been self-sufficient, would have failed in this most important of missions. It would have been aided by the work of another artist – a photographer, or a blogger, or a cinematographer. But if the writer had chosen to simply describe the bus, every one of the writer’s readers — Ibekwe, Ataman, Lars, Abhinav, Jane – would see, feel and hear the molue, and so would Chinaza in Lagos, even if it pricks his ego that the account does not defer only to him. But that would not, should not, matter. Labels are of little consequence to my work: I could be an Igbo writer, a Nigerian writer, or Nebraskan Chigozie Obioma Labels are meaningless or of little consequence to my work. I could be an Igbo writer, a west African writer, a Nigerian writer, a black writer, or even a Nebraskan writer. But suppose I’m asked to select a particular audience and write for them as some writers claim they do. Then who will this audience be? Will it be the people of Nigeria? If so, why? Why am I thinking in terms of national borders? Do I even believe they exist? Nigeria, to me, is a foreign idea, which, as I have consistently maintained, needs to be rethought. Can one pick and choose what one wants to accept from the fallout of colonisation? Even if I choose to say that I write for Nigerians, this term is too encompassing to reach down to everyone. Can I claim that my grandmother would know what a molue is? I doubt if she does. If I say that I write for Igbo readers, this audience still does not include everyone, for even within that tribe, there are a lot of differences in dialects. And, then, why write in English, if my work is for the Igbo people? Why not write in Igbo? Suppose I choose to write in Igbo for the people of Umuahia in eastern Nigeria, will that suffice? Because then, I gain my granny as an audience. How then can I comfortably define my provincial base? Bear in mind, also, that I was not born in Igboland, but in Akure where another language, Yoruba, is spoken. So, how might I feel about leaving out the people of Akure by selecting a provincial base? Does it feel right? I think not. And to succeed, one must make the best and right decision in all circumstances, for “writing is decision-making”, as the American writer Steve Almond once said. An American writer writing about New York need not think about provinciality, and is less constrained by such encumbrances simply because most people know what and where New York is. As a child of nine, I’d learned all the 50 states in the US and their capitals by heart. I can guarantee that unless the child is born to a Nigerian immigrant family, you will not find an American child with any geographic knowledge about Akure. Akure is simply, in a global context, unimportant. In truth, most Americans know close to nothing about Nigeria, but no Nigerian, even in the remotest of villages, can make a similar claim about the US. Thus, because of the obscurity of the nation, it would be foolhardy to set your book in Lohum, or Tse-Agberagba, with no explanation of its geography, and dare your American or Serbian reader to consult Google. Even most people in Abuja or Lagos do not know where those places are. By the time I had finished a first draft of The Fishermen, I had moved to the United States. I began to wonder how the book would be received in this age of societal prickliness, of adopting the position of the marginalised as the most gracious vantage, and in which it takes so little to offend people. In writing about a madman, would I be accused of stigmatising mental illness? If people in the west were going to read the book, would they be turned off by the familial “violence”? How about women – might most western women not worry that the subservient position of the mother in the novel is misogynist? And, as for Nigerians who have a national culture that somehow prohibits or sneers at any negative portrayal or criticism of their country to outsiders (As an Igbo proverb puts it: “We do not speak ill of our father’s farm to a stranger”), how would they receive my argument that Nigeria has failed? The list was endless. In the end, I asked myself, what is true about what I know? What is honest? Isn’t the familiar “violence” of corporal punishment a norm in Nigeria? Why, then, should I be afraid to capture it so? Wouldn’t it be false to do otherwise? If I know of women, most women of my childhood, who are wholly subservient to their husbands, why then should I worry about offending western women? And if I believe that, when compared with other countries with similar resources, Nigeria has failed, why should I be concerned that some Nigerians think otherwise? I came to the conclusion that I should not care about any of these potential concerns. I should write only what seems to me to be honest, and aim to craft a novel with the grace of the novels I admire. To me, this should be the aim of great fiction. To do otherwise is to negate the very nature of literature. Short story by Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o translated into over 30 languages in one publication Read more Activist intrusion into the writer’s imagination always interferes with literary truth. I believe that fiction, with its untrammelled nature, speaks to no one, and by so doing, speaks to all. It must transcend boundaries, time and space, like Eleanor Catton’s The Luminaries, Ben Okri’s The Famished Road, or Arundhati Roy’s The God of Small Things. In these books, these writers produce images of worlds rendered in the most vivid of details that become recognisable to any percipient reader no matter where they live, have lived, or what their level of geographical exposure. A memorable chapter in Roy’s novel begins with this astonishingly detailed description of “May in Ayemenem”: May in Ayemenem is a hot, brooding month. The days are long and humid. The river shrinks and black crows gorge on bright mangoes in still, dustgreen trees. Red bananas ripen. Jackfruits burst. Dissolute bluebottles hum vacuously in the fruity air. Then they stun themselves against clear windowpanes and die, fatly baffled in the sun. The nights are clear, but suffused with sloth and sullen expectation … A provincialist might ask, does someone in Ayemenem not know this is how the weather and seasons are? Why then does Roy need to tell us? She must be aiming it at a western audience. Yet she has artistically magnified the ordinary to anyone who lives in Ayemenem or Kerala. She has transformed the ordinary into art. The Ayemenem she describes is now both a real and a fictional place. Through this duality of vision, Roy achieves the height of her craft. This is what an African writer who is constrained by a demand for provincialism prevents himself from achieving. Matthew Arnold, in his seminal essay “The Literary Influence of Academies”, referred to provincial prose as “second-rate”. A work tending towards provincial prose is defective, he said, and work done after writers have transcended provinciality is “classical; and that is the only work, which in the long run, can stand”. The non-western writer whose work exudes provincialism for the mere sake of protest rather than some artistic impulse is a radical without a cause. • Chigozie Obioma’s The Fishermen, now out in paperback, is published by ONE. More features Topics Fiction Fiction in translation Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments popular The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts selected movies tv & radio music games books selected art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Arts › Books › Fiction Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile Photo Gallery Videos SPORTS Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science SHOWBIZ Red Hot Reviews Movies Glamtalk Bookworm TV Celebrity Romance Recipes Pics Video And More HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO 290 US votes for trump 232 NewsTrump's JourneyHillary Accepts DefeatResult AnalysisWorld ViewHistoryAstroPics Latest News » Technology » Internet & Social Media ﻿ Google search on mobile to turn more up-to-date vis-a-vis desktop results Last Updated: Friday, October 14, 2016 - 14:32 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews Google is set to offer a twist to its online searches on mobile devices with up to date search results compared to those on the desktop. "Google is going to create a separate mobile index within months, one that will be the main or “primary” index that the search engine uses to respond to queries. A separate desktop index will be maintained, one that will not be as up-to-date as the mobile index", said a Search Engine Land report. Google has been on the idea since 2015. The continued growth in the number of mobile users might have finally convinced the tech titan to push through with it.  Though it is still unclear, how soon would Google launch the separate index for mobile. Google will be running its ranking algorithm differently for purely mobile content rather than the current system that extracts data from desktop content to determine mobile rankings. First Published: Friday, October 14, 2016 - 14:31 More from zeenews   India Indo-Japan N-deal: Govt says accompanying note on reasons for termination of pact not binding on India Have more projects in mind to end corruption; ready to face consequences, says PM Narendra Modi West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee speaks to President on demonetisation issue More from India World Bulgaria PM quits after pro-Russia candidate wins presidential vote Sorrowful France marks first anniversary of Paris massacre Trump's election leaves American Muslims reeling and scared More from World Sports Usain Bolt to Borussia Dortmund: World's fastest man to join German giants for training WATCH: How chiseled Cristiano Ronaldo beats even the statue itself in Mannequin Challenge I`m not a match-fixer, insists Alviro Petersen More from Sports Entertainment Know the benefits of wearing Rudraksha Movies have become easy target: Farhan Akhtar Tum Bin 2 draws its ‘freshness’ from newcomers, says Anubhav Sinha More from Entertaiment Health Flu shots, access to medication help kids combat asthma Winter special: Get rid of cracked heels with these simple home remedies! Find out! Is your toddler allergic to peanuts? More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money Note ban: PM Modi pledges fifty days; is India ready to cooperate? Dr Subhash Chandra Show: Know the importance of having a purpose in life Watch: People have to wait in long queues at ATM's and banks Note ban: Dr Subhash Chandra appeals to people for patience and time OMG! Locals cut open giant snake... guess what comes out next – this viral video crossed over 2 lakh views DISTURBING VIDEO: Man dies of heart attack while talking to family - Weak-hearted people SHOULDN'T WATCH Demonetisation: Banks issue new series of Rs 500 notes Bigg Boss 10: This is what Salman Khan has to say about Narendra Modi's demonetisation masterstroke Govt looking into sudden 'propping up' of money in Jan Dhan account deposits TAGS Google search results Google search on desktop Google search on mobile Google mobile search alogrithm Google on mobile phones Photos At the lux awards last night- Shahid Kapoor, It's cold in #geneva #switzerland- Mallika Sherawat Sudarsan Pattnaik has created a sand art, Jackie Chan at the 2016 Governors Awards, Meri Jaan Hindustan marathon India vs England 2016 : 1st Test, Rajkot Top Videos Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money Note ban: PM Modi pledges fifty days; is India ready to cooperate? Earthquake of intensity 7.4 hits New Zealand; tsunami alert issued Note ban: Dr Subhash Chandra appeals to people for patience and time More from other Sections Rajkot Test: England skipper Alastair Cook defends 'late' declaration, says it was fair Lost and Found: Rio Olympian thanks 'Signora Mara' for medal found in rubbish heap Vidya Balan’s perception about Bollywood has evolved with time Hrithik Roshan shares his fitness mantra Protein drives inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis patients Overweight kids in Delhi-NCR are more prone to diabetes: ASSOCHAM study contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Red Hot Reviews Movies Glam Talk Bookworm Recipes TV Celebrity Romance Pics Videos And More Exclusive Blogs sports Cricket Football World Motorsports Golf Others Softspot Debate Blogs Exclusive Pics Videos business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business Photo Gallery India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Malayalam Kerala Districts India World Sports Movies Health NRI Photos Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2016 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.

Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed 12-year-old gets €100,000 Google bill after confusing AdWords and AdSense 10 Oct 2016 7 Google Post navigation Previous: Live from the Virus Bulletin 2016 conference [Chet Chat Podcast 254] Next: Is it really a good idea to scam the scammers? by Lisa Vaas 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit The kid had a plan: put up some music videos of his band on YouTube, plug into Google’s AdSense program to run ads alongside, make enough money to buy instruments, play music, get rich and go buy a mansion. Great plan! One little hitch: he got AdSense confused with AdWords. AdSense is the advertising service from Google that pays online publishers to display and make money off ads when visitors click. AdWords is the advertising service that charges online advertisers when visitors click on their ads. From that little hitch came a big surprise: it’s how the parents of José Javier, 12, from the Alicante town of Torrevieja, in Spain, wound up staring at a bill of €100,000 ($111,000 USD, £90,000 GBP) from Google, according to a report from the Spanish daily El País . Google, fortunately, has written off the amount and let José off the hook. The company’s Spanish offices sent a statement to El País saying that after analyzing the case, and after not having received any money from José, it was canceling the outstanding AdWords balance. Google said that like many online services, AdWords has age restrictions on use. As you can see on Google’s age limits support page, in Spain, you have to be 14 or older to open any type of Google account at all. The age limit goes up to 18+ to open either AdSense or AdWords accounts. At 12, José was obviously too young for any of Google’s accounts. In its statement, Google also referred to its Family Safety Center. But José’s mom isn’t swallowing the gentle rebuke implied by handing over that link. This is Google’s fault, she said, telling El País that it should never have been so easy for him to open the account in the first place. All José had to do was to provide a bank account number – one from an account his family had opened to save up for future expenses, like a driving license – and to reserve a product name. That was in mid-August. The charges started to rack up in early September. The balance started out modest, at around €15, but eventually climbed to €19,700. At €2,000, the account was already in the red. The bank called, and that’s when José’s parents first found out about the bill. Sophos Home Free home computer security software for all the family Learn More They immediately blocked the account and returned the previous receipts. That didn’t keep Google from trying to load it up again with another €78,000. At first, they punished their son by restricting his computer use. But eventually, an analysis of the computer uncovered the innocent mistake. The boy’s parents retained a lawyer, but given that Google dropped the charges, they didn’t have to take the matter to court. José’s mother, Inma Quesada: He thought he was making money and not vice versa. [He] wanted to buy instruments for the band and stuff, but [one of his friends] also told him that if they got rich, they could have a mansion. I guess that in the Tales from the “you should have read the terms of service!!!” Crypt, this is small potatoes. After all, José didn’t accidentally sign away his firstborn. Follow @NakedSecurity Follow @LisaVaas adsense advertising AdWords José Javier Online Advertising Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: Live from the Virus Bulletin 2016 conference [Chet Chat Podcast 254] Next: Is it really a good idea to scam the scammers? About the author Lisa Vaas I've been writing about technology, careers, science and health since 1995. I rose to the lofty heights of Executive Editor for eWEEK, popped out with the 2008 crash, joined the freelancer economy, and am still writing for my beloved peeps at places like Sophos's Naked Security, CIO Mag, ComputerWorld, PC Mag, IT Expert Voice, Software Quality Connection, Time, and the US and British editions of HP's Input/Output. I respond to cash and spicy sites, so don't be shy. 7 comments on “12-year-old gets €100,000 Google bill after confusing AdWords and AdSense” qqq says: October 10, 2016 at 12:34 pm Well, if you give your child access to spend YOUR money then you have no right to complain when this happens. Reply NΞTSΞC DUDΞ (@NetSecDude) says: October 10, 2016 at 7:09 pm Exactly. They give a bank account number to a 12 year old then complain when something goes awry. Reply Bryan says: October 10, 2016 at 9:27 pm Agreed. Though this was a somewhat innocent–albeit still foolish–mistake, handing the Ferrari keys to a teenager has a fairly predictable outcome every time. Huzzah for doling out bite-sized responsibility to prepare kids for handling more. My son’s had my CC on his Steam account for months. The first dozen times or so I had to manually enter it, habitually unchecking the “save for later” box. He still asks every time to make a purchase, never more than he can pay me back from his own money. I’ve not seen any surprise purchases via Steam and don’t expect any. Earn my trust and get more; waste it and lose more. I’ll still show him this article–a good example of consequences for not paying attention. Reply Bryan says: October 10, 2016 at 9:28 pm Granted, the lad’s age would have given Google a slippery time enforcing this debt, kudos for their completely absolving it rather than insisting the parents are liable. …on the third hand, what’s a measly hundred thou when you’re Google? :-) Reply Matt says: October 11, 2016 at 4:33 pm I call bs. You have to create ad groups, and ads in adwords. This kid was obviously trying to get traffic to his “band” and things got out of control to the point he had to play dumb. They shouldn’t have let the kid off so easily Reply Bryan says: October 14, 2016 at 3:49 am I initially took this story (or rather the kid’s story) at face value…but on second thought you’re probably right. If he was able to create an ad group (and all the other red tape, since AW is somewhat of a PITA), he probably knew enough to tell the difference and wound up needing to play innocent or face some rather ominous music. Reply Tochukwu says: October 12, 2016 at 9:37 am I just have a feeling this kid was smart enough to play dumb when shit hit the ceiling. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads Oct17 by Naked Security writer 0 Monday review – the hot 22 stories of the week Jul01 by Lisa Vaas 8 My Activity: a tool to see what Google knows about you Sep24 by Lisa Vaas 0 Google’s charging for YouTube ads it knows are from bots, researchers say Aug12 by John Zorabedian 31 Adobe and PageFair claim ad blockers will cost business $22 billion in 2015 Apr30 by Lisa Vaas 6 Google stops data-mining students’ email Jan11 by Lisa Vaas 5 Google admits to pocketing profits from ads on seamy sites SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2016 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Delighted man receives new Google Pixel phone a week early after delivery error The Google Pixel phone release date is October 20 Credit: Bloomberg  Mark Molloy 14 October 2016 • 9:28am An Australian man has received Google’s new Pixel phone a week before its official release date thanks to an apparent postal mix-up. Reddit user wooparse shared photos of the Pixel online, explaining he had pre-ordered the phone from Australian phone company Telstra who dispatched it a little early.  The new phone, Google’s first full competitor to the iPhone, doesn’t actually go on sale until October 20. “The email I received said for delivery on the 20th but was immediately with a courier for delivery,” he explained. Key features | Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones The tech fan has since been answering dozens of questions from intrigued Redditors who have pre-ordered the phone or are thinking about buying one. He has also provided a detailed ‘hands on’ review of the Pixel, sharing his thoughts on the phone’s specifications including storage, camera, display and battery. The Redditor also shared photos and videos he captured while experimenting with his new phone, with a little help from his pet dog.  Card “I hope I've provided some sort of help and relief to those contemplating and waiting on a new phone,” he concluded. Another Reddit user, who claims to be a Telstra Rep, responded: “Knew this would happen. Somehow, in some way, whoever looks after pre-orders always manages to ship out devices a week early.” The Google Pixel and Pixel XL are the first smartphones designed by the company and which bear its name. Here’s everything you need to know. The Telegraph’s Technology Editor James Titcomb explains: “Building a world-class phone is an immense challenge, even for a company of Google’s resources, and the Pixel looks like a very good attempt. Design-wise it is not the world’s most appealing phone (although it is far from the worst) although it is comfortable and easy to use. “More important is performance, and it looks like the Pixel could excel here. With a world-beating camera and the power of Google’s AI behind it, it could well stand up to the likes of Samsung and Apple. But at an eyewatering £599 and up, it will have to.” Read the full review here. Google Pixel: hands on review Play! 00:36 Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Mobile phones Trending Google Show more Technology latest 13 Nov 2016, 5:21pm Reddit's plan to tackle trolls and beat Facebook  13 Nov 2016, 3:36pm Comment: Brexit vote has not sparked a tech exodus James Titcomb Premium 13 Nov 2016, 10:57am How Japan's Line proved messaging apps can make money 12 Nov 2016, 8:02pm Powa Technologies payments investigated by administrators 12 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Row over delayed emergency services’ new radio system   12 Nov 2016, 7:11pm Telecoms rivals raise alarm on new network for emergency services  Premium 12 Nov 2016, 7:03pm Comment: Is the country that gave the world its first Industrial Revolution missing out on the spoils of Industry 4.0? Nazo Moosa Premium 11 Nov 2016, 11:58pm Facebook apologises for bug that prematurely announces users' demise 11 Nov 2016, 2:53pm Facebook cracks down on adverts that exclude ethnic minorities Gallery 11 Nov 2016, 1:26pm Gallery: Most important inventions of the 21st Century: in pictures 11 Nov 2016, 11:54am Hijab emoji approved by Unicode 11 Nov 2016, 11:26am Spotify bug killing hard drives with gigabytes of 'junk' data, users claim 11 Nov 2016, 9:55am Mark Zuckerberg rejects 'crazy idea' Facebook influenced US election result 10 Nov 2016, 4:43pm Dishonored 2 interview - Harvey Smith on development, disappointments and robot dinosaurs 10 Nov 2016, 4:31pm Fear and loathing in Silicon Valley: How the technology world woke up to Donald Trump Premium 10 Nov 2016, 3:41pm Google says EU competition charge threatens free Android Gallery 10 Nov 2016, 1:04pm Gallery: iOS 10: The best hidden features 10 Nov 2016, 9:47am ‘Keep moving forward’: Apple’s Tim Cook quotes Martin Luther King in response to Trump victory 00:46 10 Nov 2016, 8:39am 500mph Hyperloop train will travel from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in 12 minutes 09 Nov 2016, 6:03pm Anti-rubbish app LitterGram retains name after battle with Instagram  09 Nov 2016, 4:13pm PS4 Pro review: The best games console for 4K players If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Google Tech Google's Android Wear 2.0 watches are reportedly coming early next year New, 8 comments by Rich McCormick Oct 14, 2016, 4:24am EDT share tweet Linkedin Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Two Google's smartwatches — first rumored in July this year — will launch in the first quarter of 2017, and will both run Android Wear 2.0. That's according to longtime leaker Evan Blass (evleaks), who tweeted the expected date alongside pictures of the supposed watches shared earlier this year by Android Police. The watches are reportedly codenamed Angelfish and Swordfish and will vary in specifications, but both will be designed around Google's AI assistant. Blass didn't share any extra details other than the Android Wear 2.0 information and the date, but that hints at Google's plans: now that Android Wear 2.0 has been pushed back until next year, Google's two smartwatches could be among the first devices to run it. We don't know the names of the final devices, nor whether the pictures shared in July are accurate or early mockups, but if they do see the light of day in Q1 2017, they'll join Google's Pixel smartphones as part of the company's serious push back into the hardware sector with its "Made by Google" range. Google's two smartwatches will be released with Android Wear 2.0 in Q1 2017 [image courtesy of: https://t.co/so8uJyEZCy] pic.twitter.com/ruejqXSNSy — Evan Blass (@evleaks) October 13, 2016 Source: @evleaks (Twitter) Next Up In Circuit Breaker The Anti-Snore Wearable is a very literally named product This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system A second Spectacles vending machine popped up in Big Sur, California Snapchat Spectacles are here and they are ridiculously fun GameStop’s Black Friday deals include discounts on PS4 and Xbox One bundles How to buy Nintendo's NES Classic Now Trending How to buy Nintendo's NES Classic YouTube filmmaking duo Sneaky Zebra on shooting their incredible cosplay music videos This Article has a component height of 5. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest US & World 2016 Election Trump chooses Breitbart News boss Stephen Bannon to be his chief strategist by Rich McCormick Donald Trump has named Stephen Bannon, the executive chairman of far-right publication Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. The president-elect announced that Bannon would be working alongside Reince Priebus, a long-time... New, 12 comments Science Energy Environment ExxonMobil is supporting the Paris climate agreement by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak The energy industry has long resisted efforts to rein in fossil fuel consumption for decades to combat climate change. It is mildly surprising then, that ExxonMobil released a statement earlier this week announcing its support of the Paris climate... New, 5 comments Tech Cybersecurity Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Adult dating service company Friend Finder Network has reportedly been hacked, with over 412 million accounts, e-mail addresses and passwords from their websites made available on criminal marketplaces. Notably, the database does not include more... New, 10 comments Circuit Breaker Tech Gadgets The Anti-Snore Wearable is a very literally named product by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Can you guess what the Anti-Snore Wearable is designed to do? Hm. I wonder... The Anti-Snore Wearable launched on Kickstarter earlier this week and is a band that wraps around a wearer’s arm. It vibrates whenever its companion iOS / Android app... New, 7 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Nintendo This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Nintendo’s NES Classic Edition sold out in minutes when it was released on Friday, but you can take a look at what it’s made of thanks to YouTuber JerryRigEverything, who dismantled the console in a short teardown video. The console is simpler... New, 4 comments Science Space NASA Stop stressing and stare at the closest supermoon we've seen in 69 years by Loren Grush@lorengrush This Monday, the early morning night sky will be treated to an extra special supermoon. You may be asking yourself "what’s the point?"; It feels like there’s a new supermoon every other month, and there are other bigger things to worry about right... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Download: Google Camera v4.2 For Nexus Phones Running Nougat – Android Headlines Posted on October 13, 2016 by Android Headlines Google’s Pixel smartphones were launched just a week ago, and many users have pre-ordered their unit already. Google’s Pixel devices come in two variants, the Pixel and the Pixel XL. Both are essentially the same, save for the screen size, resolution … Google Pixel Starts Rolling Out Via Telstra In AustraliaTech Times Hardcore fans mourn the death of Nexus by denouncing the PixelNetwork World Verizon Pixel phones will get Android updates at the same time as those sold by GoogleGreenbot Gotta Be Mobile -TechnoBuffalo -PhoneDog -New Atlas all 238 news articles …read more wrote 21297 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Watch Dogs 2 Easter Egg Appears to Tease a New Ubisoft Space Game – GameSpot FriendFinder Networks hack reportedly exposed over 412 million accounts – TechCrunch Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review – Gizmodo Australia Who’s excited for Pokemon Sun & Moon? – Destructoid Old Elder Scrolls Game Takes Over 60 Hours To Walk Across – Kotaku Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
null
