TechTech Ideas Insights Services Reports Dashboard Books Assessment Keynotes Events About Contact Login Logout Copyright and Terms All Categories > ALL Fashion Tech Life Culture Design Ads Business Eco Good Luxury Bizarre Keynotes TV About Us Community Login Earth Exploration Phone Cases Score 3.9 More Stats +/- Modular Phone Cases Luggage Purse Smartphone Cases Hybrid Accessory Shipping Boxes Connection-Blocking Phone Cases Texturized Smartphone Cases 41Similar Photos The Google Earth Live Case Allows Users to Explore Distant Locations By: Michael Hemsworth - Nov 20, 2016 References: store.google & uncrate The Google Earth Live Case connects with your Google Pixel smartphone to provide an interactive experience throughout the day that allows you to virtually explore distant destinations. The case works by being installed onto your smartphone and allowing it to be linked with your smartphone to have a rolling roster of different wallpapers to be displayed on the smartphone screen. If something displays that you want to explore more, pressing a shortcut button on the case will bring up Google Maps to let you see where it is and more. The Google Earth Live Case can be purchased directly from Google although availability information is not currently available at the time of publication. The case can be purchased with different imagery that has all been sourced from Google Earth to further reinforce the exploratory nature of the case. JOIN 500 BRANDS, CEOS & NASA Ignite innovation with the #1 Trend Platform & our award-winning accelerator ➤ Related Top 10 Slideshows Video Pro Services Innovation Accelerator Innovation Keynotes Trend Reports Custom Dashboards Future Festival Free Resources Innovation Videos & Books Weekly Trend Report NEW: 2017 Trend Report Get a FREE Report Bulging Ergonomic Phone CasesThe Turtlcase for iPhone Prevents "Textitis" Modular Smartphone CasesThe Mophie Hold Force Lets You Select Specific Accessories & Attachments Hypertension-Preventing Phone CasesThis Blood Pressure Gauge Takes the Form of an iPhone Case Diamond-Studded Phone CasesBrikk Made an Ultra-Luxury Diamond-Studded iPhone 7 Cases Top 100 Gadgets Trends in NovemberFrom Language-Teaching Wearables to Music-Isolating Headphones Top 100 Tech Ideas in NovemberFrom Aluminum Braille Timepieces to Folding Backpack Boats Stats for Earth Exploration Phone Cases Trending: Very New & Mild Research: 10 hr Interest: 0.5 minutes Concept: Earth Live Related: 53 examples / 41 photos Segment: Neutral, 12-55 Comparison Set: 20 similar articles, including: luggage purse smartphone cases, modular phone cases, and hybrid accessory shipping boxes. Related Reports: Cold Brew Report, Dining Experience Report, Smartphone Accessory Report, Water Conservation Report, Home Design Report SCORE: 3.9 Popularity: Activity: Freshness: Demographics: PRO Content Custom Research Comments / Reactions [+/-] Bookmark Comment Must See WTF OMG LOL Cute Nerdy HOT More About Us, Advertising & Contact     Innovation Keynote Speaker     Best Innovation Conference     Custom Trend Reports Trends and Content © Copyright TREND HUNTER Inc. All Rights Reserved.     Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Questions 29 time: 0.1109 , e-time: 0.1136
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Home > OK, Google, what can you do? Tips and tricks for… OK, Google, what can you do? Tips and tricks for the Google Home By Dan Evon — November 19, 2016 10:00 AM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends The latest entry into the world of voice-activated assistants comes from a company you’ve probably heard of before: Google. The apt-titled Google Home functions in a similar way to its main competitor, the Amazon Echo, but has the added benefit of Google services such as Google Calendar and Google Keep. This enables the speaker to not only be the center of your smart home, but the center of your life. More: Everything that’s compatible with Google Home at launch The Amazon Echo has Alexa and Apple has Siri, but the brain behind Google Home doesn’t really have a name. Instead, the company has decided to name its AI “Google Assistant.” While the company opted for a rather mundane name, Google Assistant has plenty of tricks up its sleeves. If you just bought a Google Home, or if you’re curious about what this little device can do, here are some tips to get you started with your new smart speaker. Get the morning report What do you have to do today? Google Assistant knows. Simply ask Google Home to “tell me about my day” and you’ll get an audio report about future meetings, your morning commute, the weather, and any pertinent reminders you’ve set. This morning report is also easy to customize. You can choose to exclude any of the aforementioned categories, including info pertaining to your weather and morning commute, and can add items like a news report. Google Assistant also allows you to choose your preferred news sources, so you’ll only get the information that you care about. You’ll have to connect your calendar, and for now it only has the ability to share info from a single “main” calendar. That means your significant other’s events won’t get listed off, and neither will info from shared calendars. Embrace the ecosystem If you’re interested in Google Home, there’s a good chance that you already use several of Google’s other products. Google Home was designed to work within Google’s ecosystem, and as such, the product is most useful for people who frequently utilize services such as Google Calendar and Google Keep. With these services, Google Home can truly be your own personal assistant. You can have it check your schedule, set reminders, or add items to your shopping lists with a simple voice command. Google Home can still be a useful tool if you don’t use the company’s other services, sure, but you won’t be using the device to its full potential. Get connected While Google Home can’t match Alexa in terms of connected apps — at least not yet — the personal assistant does play well with a few notable services. For music, you can connect your speaker to Pandora, TuneIn, Google Music, Spotify, or YouTube. If you use any of those services, it’s a good idea to link your accounts. You can also choose your preferred music service, so when you tell Google to “play music” it will automatically start playing from your favorite music provider. Google Home also works with a few smart home products, including Google Cast, Nest, Philips Hue lights, and Smart Things. While most of Google’s connected services deal with products inside your house, you can also connect this speaker to your Uber account. Name your devices Google Home is meant to be the center of your smart home life. If you have a Google Chromecast connected to your TV, for example, you’ll be able to use Google Home to play a YouTube video or a song from Pandora from your television. This isn’t too complicated if you only have one connected device, but if you have multiple gadgets connected to your Google Home, you’ll want to personalize their names. You can change the name of your Chromecast to “TV,” for instance, or “Living Room.” You’ll want to pick a name that’s easier to say than “Chromecast,” and one that helps you remember the location of your device. Turn off the mic and get some privacy One of the reasons why Google Home is such a useful device is that it’s always listening. You can ask it a question or issue a command at any time with nothing more than your voice. However, this feature might be a little unnerving for some people. Do you really want Google, or any other company, to listen to everything you say? It’s also possible for Google Home to butt into your conversations even if you haven’t directly addressed it. Google’s four-syllable wake phrase, “OK Google,” will probably prevent this from happening too often, but we’ve had it perk up at very strange times. Whatever the reason, disabling the microphone on Google Home is pretty simple. There’s a “mic mute” button on the back of the device, which allows you to quickly turn the microphone on or off. Reset it If you find that your better half gets way more use out of the Google Home than you, then you might want to bequeath the benefits, like the calendar and commute times, to them. If your account is already linked, you can do a factory reset by holding down the microphone button for about 15 seconds. That allows you to link a different Google account, until the speaker becomes smart enough to set up different user profiles. Google it Google bills its Google Assistant as “your own personal Google,” and you should use it as such. Think of all the ways that you use Google on a desktop. Well, you can pretty much do all of that with this speaker. Want to find the best brunch spots in Chicago? How about convert ounces to cups? Ever wonder what the capital of Finland is? While Google Home can play music, set an appointment, call a cab, or dim the lights, the heart of this speaker is its search engine. In fact, Google Home’s search engine may even be better than its desktop counterpart. One interesting feature of the Google Assistant is that it remembers the context of your search. For instance, say you ask a question about President Barack Obama. You can ask follow-up questions using indirect terms, like the pronoun “he,” and Google Assistant will remember the topic of your question. If you want to delete an embarrassing query from your history, you can do so in the app. Go to My Activity under the More Settings tab in the menu, and you can playback and remove your history. The Google Home is learning all the time, so we’ll update this article as it learns more tricks. Also watch: Windows 10 Creators Update Puts Friends at Your Fingertips Please enable Javascript to watch this video
null
null
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C - Portnoy's pizza reviews; Alan Dershowitz once claimed he shut down Barstool Sports 11-18-16 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria The Whiner Line, 11-11-16 Dale & Holley   Michael Irvin - let's see if that hit changes the way Gronk plays the game Weekend Shows   Fantasy Football Hour, 11-20-2016 Enough About Me   Ep. 41: John Feitelberg of Barstool Sports Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Mike Petraglia Featured Story Day to remember: Rick Porcello gets his award, Kate Upton doesn't get her... by Rob Bradford Latest Blog Posts Red Sox max out 40-man roster by adding pitchers Kyle... Rick Porcello explains why he doesn’t plan on pitching in... Latest Columns Would you rather have Mookie Betts or Mike Trout? It's become a v... Why Red Sox might want to rethink not making Edwin Encarnacion an offs... Latest Audio 2016 AL Cy Young Winner Rick Porcello Hot Stove Show - Debating the MVP Race between Mookie Betts... Patriots Christopher Price It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets Mike Petraglia Ryan Hannable John Tomase Featured Story Patriots more prepared to play without Rob Gronkowski than ever before by Ryan Hannable Latest Blog Posts Report: Patriots making TE Martellus Bennett an ‘offseason... Tom Brady reportedly reinstated as Patriots team captain Latest Columns Patriots’ responses to late-season losses have traditionally tested ch... Upcoming schedule will help Patriots defense in short-term, but could... @4:25 PM SF NE Latest Audio Duron Harmon explains why the Patriots D isn't generating... Real Postgame Show - Glenn can't get bent out of shape on... Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach by Mike Petraglia Latest Blog Posts Al Horford, Jae Crowder hit spot for Celtics in win over... Full Court Press: Sounding the alarm, Isaiah Thomas calls... Latest Columns Celtics rookie Jaylen Brown is real deal, but not for reasons you migh... Statue of liberty dunks, media disrespect, and a relentless will have... Final Det 92 Bos 94 Latest Audio Celtics Season Preview - Brought to you by JBL, 10-26-16 Celtics Season Preview Bruins DJ Bean Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Reacting to the Tuukka Rask reaction by DJ Bean Latest Blog Posts Defense remains a dominant force for Bruins in win over Jets Reports: Former Bruin Craig Cunningham collapses on ice... Latest Columns New NHL schedule makes it impossible to develop real rivalries Brad Marchand: From cocky kid, to party animal, to NHL superstar Final Bos 4 Wpg 1 Latest Audio Bruins Cast - B's missing offense but manage back-to-back... Bruins Cast - B's drop third straight in NY, frustration... National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Football MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB Brett Cecil to Cardinals: Latest Contract Details,... Surprise Potential Suitors for the Top 2016-17 MLB... NFL NFL Predictions Week 11: Picks and Odds Advice for Latest... Tony Romo Trade Rumors: Latest News and Speculation on... NBA NBA Rumors: Latest Buzz on Rudy Gay Trade, Blake Griffin... Draymond Green Criticizes Celtics Fans for Booing Kevin... NHL Ranking the 10 Best NHL Players Under 25 Years Old Way-Too-Early Ranking of the Top Candidates for the 2016-17... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley WEEI at Night Weekend Shows Podcasts Enough About Me Podcast New Age Insiders Podcast Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Latest Audio  Fantasy Football Hour, 11-20-2016 Danny Picard - Pats, Sheard, Celtics Danny Picard - Klay Thompson Saturday Skate - LB Saturday Skate - Possible Trades Popular Audio  Enough About Me - Ep. 41: John Feitelberg K&C - Michael Lombardi accuses Kirk of putting words in his... Latest Podcast  Eagle Talk Episode 11 K&C Recap Show - Michael Lombardi unhinged with Minihane 11-18-16 Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Brad Stevens says third-quarter drought led to blowout loss to Warriors Mike Petraglia, Josue Pavon talk Kevin Durant, Warriors routing Celtics » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Ghirardelli Chocolate Company Caramel Pour eGift Station Events WEEI with Angry Orchard at... Sun, 11/20/2016 5:30 pm WEEI with Sam Adams at Warren... Sun, 11/20/2016 4:30 pm » More Events Contests Kovalev vs. Ward Signed Glove/Custom Belt Enter to win an autographed boxing glove signed by both Andre Ward and Sergey Kovalev or a limited... WEEI Pro Football Pick 'Em Make your Professional Football picks before each game of the season for a chance to win $100 each week and compete for the $2,000 Grand Prize!... » More Contests NFL New England Patrio.. Bill Belichick Tom Brady Seattle Seahawks Super Bowl Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>Danny Picard - Pats, Sheard, Celtics Tweet Subscribe Download Share Danny Picard - Pats, Sheard, Celtics Nov 20, 2016| Danny talks about the Pats Jabaal Sheard and the Celtics and a connection between all three You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. We stuck to Bruins patriots Celtics. Talk about them all now. Danny put cards between forces and the new England sports continues so it's getting going and use debit card. Network. All of them but still a little 7 o'clock. Great show tonight and I'm back with you tomorrow morning 9 AM to known as. Leaving you an NFL Sunday. Now legions of patriots have four point five. Picture it's bruised again she is related to the Celtics kind of we'll stick itself but you don't get the football tomorrow I mean if we it. Put maybe you'll get the picture it's a little bit later this hour if you do a paper it's also obviously take them whenever we go to a football weekend which the patriots play I'll take you patriots called put. We've had himself which calls as she's emotional which calls you'll stick with those from now. I 'cause the big news is that orphaned crowd. They got a plate tonight they're on the shelf it's not line up and Detroit and that's huge news had a team is they need a more than anything back and it stopped lineup. But let's not. Joseph blow she did. Who didn't make the trip. I think. Marriage broke because he pushed it in its. Dave. I tried to get caught up on this. I showered today I didn't see it last night I was short this Celtics warriors and last night that I really didn't care about the patriots last night. I did I short today Joseph Walsh did EE potion is Graham last night. From the Celtics game which by the way if pitch if it's true and I don't she acknowledge it is insular and Connie must've deleted it right I do not Evans you don't have instant. That's been that's a whole not the store I wanna give us an. I just never bothered really. To I mean it's grams. I social media it'll. I've heard good things about especially for browsing but I have not popped on the highway well. Jamal (%expletive) apparently posted a picture of him at the Celtics can't or it was a video it was something. Of Canada selfish camp I shot. I shot of it. And looks first and foremost it looks like your ball (%expletive) needs to find a new guy is given tickets based DeVine who got in a ticket I mean. I'd I don't know what play is given that tickets or features find those things at the box office spot. She had needs to fight through that seats. Would think this summer plan for the patriots. Wouldn't be sit in the at all. That high up behind and that's that's the big number one issue. But it actually was Sammy posted that shows it's all that he make the trip to San friend that. You know the question is why he's not on the injury report. Is our snaps go down I mean a production is testament man. There have been games I was wondering and I had to Google it to see if he was even on the team. Come. The at all. It did is obviously something going on behind the scenes with this one. Not as serious says what was golly Jamie Collins because. Yeah they haven't traded Jim Ball she had yet but they haven't had to the Cleveland. Nadal. When you do closeup like this from a Celtics scam. And you basically admit that day I didn't travel with team. That is apparently stacked. Right on it into Graham whatever it is there's a purpose that you do that you do that nervous you know we don't you know people gonna react. And celebrate tells you to believe right Albright tells it it did to get rid. That's exactly that's what happened it right and I drive the story correctly Jamal should even matter is. How it happened but what we do know now is based on multiple reports. And the Providence journal I believe mark Daniels reported first I believe. That doubles you did not make the trip to San. For whatever reason but it's not enter a Linux as an anchor report right team decision team decision. Art team decision so that. I don't know I don't even know that I I wanna get in suggestion what happened but we can all except that some gonna happen right. The patriots I told you last week and I did beat Seattle delay that game played out on Sunday. I could see a plan I told I could see a plan like that it was in Seattle but since it was at Gillette. I didn't think it was gonna go that way. I'm so I was wrong on my pick I told you would be a close game until the end the patriot to get a touchdown and and went up by ten. So is Ron and pick what I was right on is that that will be the toughest test for the patriots is she's it would. I mean. I try to pound that message home more than anything obviously. When you get shot like that Ron you know they'll compete every day Alka Matt are you said there were gonna kill (%expletive) I never sit there and you'll see. I said they cover because that's all the patronage duo that's all I know all of them to do that the only sure thing in the NFL when it comes to cover the spread as yet. And her at all. There at all and net. And I thought I told him to close the entire game and they were just get a touchdown late that would just help them cup. Right that's right toward go to the Italian people want to acknowledge that would be the toughest game the patriots were would have all season long and I still believe that. Even though they go to Denver even all at a double the original games left I honestly believed that that will be the toughest yet. People try to look at the patriot she arched game and you always learn a lot about the Patriots defense. I did what I learn in that game is at Seattle's for real. I I believe that that there are on the verge dip between them and Dallas and a couple of teams in the NFC but Seattle coming into July and what I did that's impressive. Yeah the pitcher's defense did look good. You know they they got to figure some things out without Jamie Collins. You know I mean. At the same time. I don't think. That and you can even add chip into the conversation of two balls she is not going to be a fact of his pitcher's defense move forward. And and maybe they do get rid of on some hall after what's going on I don't know what's going on but something's obviously alana. Am I supposed to Sydor and tell you that. Bet the patriots. Don't have a chance to figure things out defensively because they lose to (%expletive) mean. We've watched this defense played this year and I told I've watched games after the game might edit data Google as she she it was economic teams they'll. A choke him mightily factored into some of these games. You could sit on May be getting usable male factor at this so obviously going on that that they need C it's not work in finance. Don't check says we do show from the best interest of the team. And I have people coming up Belichick say it all no no way he's got to play Joseph balls she hit like. I trust him more jump all shoot all Bill Belichick. And think about that every bus stop minds. Oh just a little bit because I want loss. And customers season at which the defense hasn't looked great. I don't think the defense is but as much as the disasters people a Shanahan. Brought. What we have to do was look at that Seattle team and say man that this ox got at all. They got it did say the safeties are did not are possibly get enough to cover girl. What what does that have to do with. Well you you shot me down now on an app so I had to shake it on the ground after. What it. It's not Louis. I was at my game is pretty what I mean I I stilts that are told you that. Seattle's the that this would be the toughest test for the patriots. I thought I I thought it whit if this game against Seattle. Patriots who have lost but it was at Gillette I dip when the pats tied it late come utter fraud and. That was right and it's this would be tough steps the patriots. On the she's. I think you can be almost the flip a coin flip either way like that game gone anywhere at any point you're right we have I think people fail to. The tip there cap the Seattle when when you when it comes to evaluating nagging him. And helping you gonna play out movement forward. Everybody's crush of the Patriots defense everybody scratch and Belichick we get ready Jamie Collins. People would aggression that stuff which abolish it and say look what are you don't the defense and the play is that he's got rid of the last. You know a year and change look at all the things he's done. Well and a game like that shot and Ike. What I learned is that Seattle's real they got at all. And what I shatter and still tell you that the patriots are gonna come out of AFC. I say that because there's one team. In the AFC. That gives you what Seattle's got a TV which is a championship quarterback. Which is an offense that has weapons. Which is a defense that's one of the top defenses in football which Dave. The safety that you mention. All of the return of chance last week which could be an effective. What. Earl Thomas we know about those guys they're physical play I just thought the Patriot Act on that too many weapons. And it cost him. And that this seven a joke this noble one seed in the AFC people have concerns about the defense. I just feel like they'll be able to figure it out and they'll be able to figure it out to a point where when you look around the rest of the AFC. Like the chiefs don't have the total package that Seattle has Houston doesn't have a total package at Seattle hands. Oakland doesn't have the total package at Seattle has been Oakland's pass defense is terrible. Baltimore. Nobody is talking about that and that scares me but I still don't think they're the total package that Seattle is and then don't. I mean. If you'd think that their offense. Is as good as Seattle's. If you think Ximian is as good as well senior knots I'd costs. So did even done it isn't the complete package that Seattle and so. I just I'm not panic and even after that lost another pitcher to win his it was an all I was or. But what I was read about it at that will be the toughest test for the patriots disease. And I think that's is more about Seattle than a dozen when. Does. And when I evaluate that patriot she arched damp. I think I'd I would tell you that I learn more about Seattle that I did the patriots is patrons go to San friends Caminiti went far you went out ground and hold him. Not this San Fran as the worst rush defense. In NFL they left the most points in the NFL. And LD OC would app lets get it all the almost missed you cannot. Jamie why would Arab bloc. You know Brady coming home on you wanna believe and that narrative that that's gonna mean for big day if I am well below ground without old M. You know it's it's it gets a little bit more difficult this offense. But it's Jeff rent is so bad that I just did they shouldn't have a problem right now the spreads twelve and half. You know if there's fourteen still I can open I would say. Head. Had fourteen and fourteen are above an NFL it's that you got to stay away from under fourteen again like this. Even without brought in and out Hogan evil and out she did. I think the patriots. Still going to San Fran and we invite nick one by two touchdowns. But I hate you delegates difference run defense and think that patriots. If they did do anything in this game it's absolutely. You know put the ball on the ground and having a big day and if if San friends on 31 points a game which is the worst in league. You know it all out ground and called him Tom Brady still plan. It's got to be where it's not the brain when it comes to how bad San Francisco's defense is. So. Let's let let this play out. This year the situation I honestly don't know enough about any visits to grab the Celtics last night didn't make the trip it's estimated at the same time. There have been games after the game I Google divulge is man. And it was news to me that she it was still legal team. How worked up is that actually get it 61777979837. Then news to me right now all in this 6 o'clock dollars we get closer to 7 o'clock tipoff. Which Celtics and pistons in Detroit. Is now often Jae Crowder a return into the celtics' lineup and they're on the start line up and markets Mott who got hurt last night with an ankle slot will be the client in this camp. So all the Celtics are packing a serious podshock they had not they've not had the most of the season certainly not the last eight or nine games. And with Isiah Thomas last night after a loss to Golden State. Wit with Isiah Thomas Colin Powell basically everybody on the team and the coach and they gave up. You know we haren today Donna the god and that Isiah Thomas doctor Brad Stevens called at 3 AM Isiah Thomas called Bret Stephens at 3 AM Brad Stevens says. They had that they figured out by 305. So that just goes to show yet it's not an issue the biggest issue with this Celtics team is. They help. Once I get help back they'll get back to win or at least being competitive against some of the top teams only much more competitive than they were last night without. Or food and crowd at 61777979837. Let's go to Dave Donna K productive. It would suck guys yeah. I want to give the Celtics were talking the patriot. I mean I always think majors coffee got it done on you know. I want to get on this subject but I mean the way I look at this team this year as. The deepest last week didn't play good but he offered to help beat three out the couple times they turn to mobile I'm a little dry legal. At Seattle and found the settlement fumble as she usually integrated. Apps I didn't get Seattle and it points yelling your points out that inception but you're right when it comes uncharacteristic mistakes like. That Brady interception that would that's what we make fun of will we watch originally like you don't see what a shock public do that against Tampa Bay last week now. Just said that the role that but the element fumble you don't that's uncharacteristic. Gave initial field they scored right out exactly easily into the that's sort of field goal epic could scored that last one bucks I think it to rest a year when they play a real good team that's gonna be great events of the offense can't do what they don't. And keep that makes two outreach talks create stocks opened their catch and. Yeah we know what would you put your money did did the opposite that the pitchers up and will cash in. And all the games. I'm saying it ended in a much later to get cheap crappy teams will play not saying it's a real good solid defense of Gina can halfway decent offer. Archuleta left and the dividends Denver. Right off the plasma again today. That Denver is the sixth seeded. They obviously want the best defense is of football league going to be get a lot more help in the next couple weeks with to leave come back you know let's say Denver comes to Gillette. In the playoffs. Are you scared them. Well not necessarily but I mean. It I'm gonna do more to get too simple god. Take you out again when you get did you may be patient rog I don't screen based not too good not guide to get a it provides. Maybe even giants' attention again. What would bet you'll be particular point in its sights. I'd say bring it on I can't I you know I would so ugly so everybody still edits everyone skid the giants I get it Noel Beckham junior you know he can take a ball wants side of the field naked short catch and turn into an eight yard touchdown on the other side of the field. I did it I mean it's it's a week it's what we feel that all leagues this year but I'm just saying to. If the defense makes it's not going to be good receiving doesn't mean you'd be talking (%expletive) not played. You figure they lost college age and I tell last year to three best sax pack ice. Well guess what what the play Dallas and and and if that way Dallas committee I mean Janet Collins is is somebody that I put that. As at this big run or stop like I I didn't look at Jenny calls it data no I don't I tile is the guy who stops the run so if you get out of debt Super Bowl against Dallas. It peanut seemingly can't be stopped right now because they're offensive line and in. All they still have some like I Soledad that that is gonna try to stop Ezekiel Elliott now that that's how insane task. But at this point that's it looks like at least but. Yeah I just I'll Wear it there when it when it comes to witness patriots team could go usually issuable I knew to some people laugh at what happened against Seattle but I don't I don't think it's I don't think it's laughable like that when you look at the rest of the AFC. There isn't anybody that has all the tolls that Seattle has stopped the bought an edgy. In the final question to exact would be is it just keep let's go to not in the super ball to make one or two plays to win again. And that's going to be geeky can they do look I've got quite figure it out. Yeah and I think that so called David that he get down to business with what happened first and all. Night. I know it's all those. And I know some people save. You know and this sneak to get the timeout they they basically admit they did at the clock management. We Garret blunt didn't extend the mom didn't get them now. I'm OK with that if he doesn't get any fumbles the football way gallantly Garrett wanted to keep that thing talked shall iMac and get worked up about that. Did to be honest the clock management and I wasn't even that worked up about. Voted either at the time. So I know it's a hindsight thing to me if I did not get now at the time I'm like are you I don't give Wilson ball back and and now had something to do it what the defense look like against him. Pitcher Stephen look IDS than men get the Brady snake. He fumbles. And that's unfortunate that's another uncharacteristic mistake. But even with the grunt injury. When you throw it up to him to go get it people columns for flag. I don't think that was passion of parents in fact I think Ron. Tried to play it a little too much especially if parents and a point where he took his main focus. On the main task at hand which is thought to get the football. I thought I I thought that I talked Negron was more concerned about getting the Flag Day was a football and I think that was the biggest issue on a play Elena comes up like all. I'm sorry. All day every day to give McGraw can have a go get it I I'm not against that play call I'm really not. I'm really not. Tell. The yes it can this offense put it together and that type of situation it's a defense like Seattle and a game in which they illusion and they need a score. I'd like did they did daddy could. But yeah had a lot uncharacteristic. Offensive mistake in a game is the last colleges pointed out. Yeah it's your pick out the Seattle and you move on I think that's and I Don and you go to San Fran which should be on the land should make it to. I you let AFC west beat up and each other and you hope to host AFC championship intellect that's not a crazy idea and if that's the idea and that's reality. Then I don't think it's crazy Nolan that your host the next game. I don't think it's crazy to believe patriots can still get this ball. After losing to Seattle because Seattle's a damn good team let's not make it sound like the patriots just lost to a team it's not the playoffs last week as to what they lost a may be the best team all around team any NFL and the Seahawks when a defense had to go on. 61777979837. Yeah we got a little football and a did you can only can only hold up itself is still on right did he can taste they can taste week eleven. I'll be at our morning at 9 AM taken more of phone calls but you have some thoughts and the Celtics if they haven't I'll take those calls as well Brown's letter might show. God. Not really the top story not this Celtics lost the Golden State last night. Knowledge Isiah thomas' comments after the game and certainly not with the return tonight of outlaw food. And with the ankle injuries Mott will play Horford is amistad lineup. Crowd is gonna stop lineup and as is rumor afloat are out all week that this out fiction war is what talking about a potential trade. The land clay Thompson here in Boston. Did you laugh at that trade. All you like me which is I think Brian Scalabrine who threw that rumor out there is got to know something. And if you know some then and this trade is being discussed. I just feel like if judge Denny change you make this in a second if you're Golden State a did you have to dig a little bit more about it but I think you should still make it if you Golden State. I think the trade makes too much sense. Way too much sense. And they both the Celtics are warriors should make it if in fact it is being discussed and all people of laughed at the idea that it is discussed based on the way Scalabrine backtracked. After Reid put this rumor out there but I look at the way he put it out there I wish him and am on. Serious sex and the Irish and Tillman that FaceBook video on Comcast sports net. And I see a guy that knows something that's what I see I see a guy you know shut them who heard a roll up. Sets up an upset the Celtics are warriors was all the backtrack and backtrack. Does the web site any reference he got the story from I want that web site. I went to a couple different web site. It gives you room is it doesn't give you closure it does give that specific room up with the names that Scalabrine mansion with the deep chill that he went into it Maryland's Noel. And that the betrayed the Golden State would then make it just it's too detailed an image to much sense I think shot is going on. Does it happen at all. But if there's a discussion on bringing quite daunting and the Celtics. I tell you right now if it's a Bradley crowd and one of the Brooklyn picks I am all in 61777979837. Back after this final. In touch with Danny right now 6177797937. Cars plunged Sports Radio WEEI. 61777979837. The mostly Celtics got a mental 7 o'clock and come back tomorrow morning 9 AM to noon soldier was some football tomorrow not just patriots. I'll go around the NFL. As we are into week eleven week eleven began Thursday night. With Carolina be Nolan is a 2.3 120. And that's scary situation loop Heatley. Leaving that game. I thought it was me at first I think everybody thought it was a leg injury of some sort but then you Wear the concussion situation. And end. You know the first thing I could think of as late as a shock he equally. You know cried in a not he's on the taught and they would. You know caught them off the field and he was. He was craw and and it was just likes get the look on his face was scary his emotional reaction. Bush yes. And you wanna cry rhetoric just awful it was sad it was scary. It brought me in Sydney. Feature story. And the golfers there grocer fell on Marc Savard this week. And you gotta go read this in the glove this feature remarks about and. It goes into the the final concussion that. So vaught had that game against it was against Colorado it was Matt Hahn which form a brawl and that actually put somebody into the glass behind the net. And you know wasn't a terrible hit it wishes somebody's head hit the glass. And Mitt. I didn't necessarily know the detail as to the reaction that's a bobcat when he was on the ice but his is plummet was was crazy said. Of the training Kamal. And some odd told him. I can't see. Everything it's pitch black I think a diet. That's what some odd cents. After the couple concussions that he had especially with the B Matt Cooke came. Before that. And it. You know you think about that and the way survive reacted on the ice at the time they took that hit the city each shot pitch black he couldn't see anything. Anybody was dotted. I guess I assume the key he had the same type of reaction which which ends up ultimately make it I am just. And emotional match because I think he realized that that was it I also I think you realize that that that this is such a big issue like disk yet and a. I also read somewhere that when you get hit in the head you might also not be able to. Control your emotions is like there have been reports of people that like don't cry and I don't know why American gosh well. My whip Bryant farmer help he's all right obviously. That's that was scary. His reaction Matt and look I hoping to back on the field I hope I hope they do it the right way I hope be unveiled a lot of Bakken field if. If he passes every test you know I hear all these stories about guys who. You know maybe trying to idle beep beep this system is that we call it LA they get a concussion. And it. It all they think they can still stay out there it's still play they've they try to make us believe the NFL's try to make us believe that the taken his concussions it issues serious. If they odd then then you know. They need to seriously evaluate boutique which is that did not look good daughters and I but that's how weak eleven. Began a Carolina. Unbeaten lawns three point win and targeted the more we 11 tomorrow morning right here at 9 AM but. A boost tonight during the show all that I've had here and for the next twenty minutes it's all avid. The big ruse is Sarah Boston is that Al Horford. And Jae Crowder. I've got to return of the Celtics a lot of tonight in the stop lawn of the Celtics and Detroit to take on the pistons the Celtics lost the Golden State last night at the TD garden. And it's clear what the biggest issue is the Celtics at this point itself. I mean it's as simple as that and I'm not trying to tell you I had a call earlier that called NN. Yeah how many wanted to go off about my what fed comments in several up and isn't gonna win a championship is still in law obviously they still need more. But for the tawdry. When it comes at a frustration. That Isiah Thomas had at the last night's game. What it comes to low or just the fact that the Celtics got embarrassed by Golden State last and again. I don't think anybody should have got the Celtics will win this game I'd. And in fact I probably would have picked Golden State the when even a forfeit and crowd at the white. But when they don't play and they continued to miss time out there are certain games you should win. But let you beat the mix. Well last week. And additional elect him come Melo got rejected. Are you should win that game evil without. Prada analysts. Did they beat the pacers in Indiana Paul George and op why aren't you shall imagine. They lose to an all in his right. They probably still won back to you look at how that they've played out and just some of the poor defense at the Celtics play. Yeah you think if you get have a couple guys get a grab a couple of big rebounds and make a couple plays on the defense of bad. You probably should won again in a lawless. Others games this Celtics should have still won and won they didn't wham like yeah it's mixing the paces. I said art nice job. But then it is a game against a team like Golden State which even of what putting crowd away healthy. I still don't think I'd pick itself the stimulant but I I'd pick a met to have a shot write a ticket have a shot to win. Especially being an at and T got when he a lot of those guys last night ansari. It if you thought the Celtics had a chance to be Golden State which in my opinion the best team in the NBA with the addition of Kevin Iran. Then I just don't that you paid attention to how big the losses of Prada and all of that event. The big losses. Ed van Gundy said at last science data I grew up it's simple sometimes which is simple. The reason that you that a team struggle and sometimes you can simplify it by saying well guess what they just not healthy. Did you start helping when you go out and you give. That type of contract this summer like Al Horford. And and he doesn't play for an extended period of time you're gonna feel the effects of that loss against a team like Golden State. And then when you added crowd does ankle injury sure that a foot injury level body whatever it is when you attic row does injury to add. And the defense that he provides. We defense be one of the celtics' biggest issues. If not the biggest thing is what. The laws of war for a crowd it just seems to be it's simple to me. The Celtics have struggled because they've been without Joseph of their biggest pieces in this dot lineup. Eight and nine yards but most of the season that's a problem. You can't gel as a team you can't create the identity that you wanna create when you ommission Julia best place. You can't do it. It just can't happen so the great ocean to Celtics is that they gonna get those guys back now almost see what they can no knowledge Kim a couple of games as well let's you know let's. Let's not if they have some struggle tonight. As a group may be planned team defense let's not overreact to Marmol and it's an odd celtics' doc Brad Stevens jobs maybe not the guy. Let's not do that. But this team that played together let this team. They'll embrace the identity that they would like to create for themselves which I still think is going to be one that doesn't give up one that shows energy and passion. And plays defense I still think that's going to be there. Their identity and I think that if if Kuroda and wolf good. You know this group the main group and Martin Marcus a lot of adamant agro. When it comes the defense of guys that need to stay healthy if they can stay out the head movement fallen. Get LP and stay healthy. Yeah I think will get back. This in the celtics' biggest issue believe. Stop all offense right. I think that's what the biggest issue is going to be and that brings us to. What Danny Ainge should be trying to do which is golf and get some type of big name offered to play it it's got to put up big offensive numbers. Even if you have to sacrifice some defense to get it you go get it. Right you don't yet. But the Celtics right now. You know you wanna break it down you'll ask all lied they embarrassed us Biden's old state last. Why have they struggled defensively well it's because the mission to the best players but the great news is they get those guys back tonight and you know it's it's been tough for anybody to evaluate this Celtics team up those two guys. Let's see atop what she orphaned and a selfish uniform for an extended stretch. Play with Isiah Thomas for an extended stretch. Avant crowd out there with those guys for an extended stretch let's see at all. What together you'll see it tonight in Detroit 61777979837. Outside that I mentioned Danny Ainge and it it moves of Celtic should be make a move forward. I've talked a lot about Klay Thompson tied. And my podcast yesterday. But. I watch the lock his cousins last night late night against the clippers. And it. Oh yeah it's yeah it's almost the last night and the officials and even his coach. It was confused and almost element is coaching on point. What does go Chad the number of finals wrong for the they thought the market doesn't separate bottles with the second ball took the markets got a cousin is run around don't you don't what's go to Y like about it did. And you and all that people look at that say our cousins on how to coach again. The co chaired the number of follows right now federal of the official. The officials told. Think that the coach would know how many bottles the plan hatched and wouldn't make. That immediate substitution. He sacked cousins dollar realized they got it wrong. And then brought him right back up to the table to check it. Don't you tell me that Sony officials all you want as a coach to stop the game via best player coming on tonight and he's only got two faults. There's a three is still. Let's forget and so this is from one of the best players on the court right now it's our best player. Of the PS3. We got to take them out. But I think he has to see as a coach you need to know that. And you need to put up a stake. The coach did me it's got to rid its economy did cousins all what are you don't. So I mean that's what big deal wit. And sacrament. And for the people that think cousins is this big troublemaker and all worked out in Boston. Cousins once the way. And much like I told you that the Isiah Thomas staying post game last night called the coach. Much as I told that that's about you know that's about frustration in not when implementing else. When this Celtics team gets their bodies back they'll stop whether that's a non issue. DeMarcus Cousins if he joins the team that's got to stop lamp. That's dilemma. That's not gonna have their coach forget nominee and not knowing how many follows he actually take a lot today. Guess what. He's got up put out 45 and twelve and is gonna help you any more. And then is going to be no issues as you'll be when when Anne heals all what comes first the bad attitudes and locker room. All the went. What would like what is it the chicken and yet. But what are you get. I think if you went and it heals all. And the Celtics are going to without getting some of my cousins but they need to add a player like that and offensive stock to get over that hump. And to beat an actual title contender again not that right now. They did offer a crowd of fact they'll be competitive against some of the top teams in the league that's for shall. But to be able to maybe win most of those games and then get into the playoffs and have a shot to win at least come out of Eastern Conference and compete with Cleveland. You got to add another big name piece and it needs to be in the form of some type of offense some of my cousins. All up as I mentioned most additional someone like Klay Thompson. Natural Golden State. They may make sense of both sides 61777979376177797. 937 back after this final. Patriots talk. Easy access oxy it's all fair game with Danny Green cards on Sports Radio WEEI. 61777979837. He's got a. Get a phone call one to squeeze it and feel free to do so I'll be back Itamar Mauna. At 9 AM 9 AM to noon we'll do some more football more patriots. And certainly get it to all of the NFL action for week number eleven at. I feel like every year. Will we get to like we ten week eleven I'm always sand while it's all. Already week ten week eleven this year unlike its only week ten week eleven. I don't know if that's you know with some of the bad football has been played around the league. But. I just feel as just the way I feel usually on unlike all out already we tent this has been a long season. And I I don't hold that it's. It's gonna go by any quick now the patriots are in San Francisco and whose last night is it your ball should did not make the trip he's not a knee injury report. I team decision mic on Eddie was at the Celtics scam according to a jets program which I look at now I don't see any traces of him to salvage scam. Not if he was in that was what he actually posted. He needs better seats that's my first take away I don't know I don't know who he has get them as tickets. But he needs to get somebody else do their job for a cause. Joan Walsh did need some better seats than Matt even always some and it's not being sent that a trip. Is that out of felt like that it I mean you got to get better seats Matt is (%expletive) Blood. The patriots are sick of rhetoric that we all expect in the win this game right there any doubt that he's figured they'll lose is ever does go 49ers won an eight. Other on middle of the pack. Like ranked fourteenth fifteenth and a league in pass defense. San Fran as the worst rush defense in the league. And they allow the most points per game in Italy 31 point to get. And evil and out grind it on out Chris told him boast a play as a route do you still think the patriots won't be packing a punch that ownership renal. I think they will and it you know a lot of. They aren't gonna throw the ball as much because it and that just sounds stupid saying it is Tom Brady still the quarterback so and it is still gonna throw but. If they just want to. Go to the router maybe this should be the game they utilized Dion Lewis in his return. All just give it to Garret blunt say. Make them stop it big dog source rusty personally make them stop if that's the route they went I wouldn't be surprised Nick Price when this scam by two touchdowns distorted that. Even wit the defense of teachers at the patriots have shown. You know that that's. I mean actually got the Mars ever just don't talk talk more about it tomorrow morning at 9 AM. In the meantime I pod cast the data to god Jordanian conduct on you can subscribe and I Jones Google play. We're have a podcasts are available to dated cod show. And tonight my final friction. Sergey a couple of chicks around knocked out. Kovalev reads Andre award. Paul was the underdog I'm shocked by that but that's my prediction I'm second to Dave nice job on the glass. Actually acknowledge some I talked to Marmol on and 9 AM. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Ryan Hannable11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play [..] - Ryan Hannable11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play without Rob Gronkowski than ever before With Rob Gronkowski missing Wednesday's practice with a chest injury and reportedly [..] + Rob Bradford11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello [..] - Rob Bradford11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello gets his award, Kate Upton doesn't get her [..] "Everything that drowns me makes me wanna fly." This is the saying that greets [..] + Christopher Price11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to [..] - Christopher Price11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to late-season losses have traditionally tested [..] FOXBORO — Every season is different. Every team is different. But if the last few [..] + Rob Bradford11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts [..] - Rob Bradford11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts or Mike Trout? It's become a very real [..] I asked two scouts the same question: "Who would you rather have for the next five [..] + Ryan Hannable11/15/16 10:43 pm EST Upcoming schedule will help [..] - Ryan Hannable11/15/16 10:43 pm EST Upcoming schedule will help Patriots defense in short-term, but could [..] What's wrong with the Patriots defense? Where are the sacks? Where are the turnovers? Is [..] + DJ Bean11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask [..] - DJ Bean11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask reaction The "Tuukka Rask is actually good, after all" columns have been written over [..] + It Is What It Is11/20/16 09:15 am EST Report: Patriots making TE [..] - It Is What It Is11/20/16 09:15 am EST Report: Patriots making TE Martellus Bennett an ‘offseason priority’ Martellus Bennett has only been a member of the Patriots roughly eight months, [..] + It Is What It Is11/20/16 09:05 am EST Tom Brady reportedly reinstated as [..] - It Is What It Is11/20/16 09:05 am EST Tom Brady reportedly reinstated as Patriots team captain It appears one of the streaks most important to Tom Brady will continue. Due to [..] + Big Bad Blog11/20/16 02:14 am EST Defense remains a dominant force [..] - Big Bad Blog11/20/16 02:14 am EST Defense remains a dominant force for Bruins in win over Jets A four-goal outburst from a Bruins team still without top-liner David Pastrnak [..] + Big Bad Blog11/19/16 10:56 pm EST Reports: Former Bruin Craig [..] - Big Bad Blog11/19/16 10:56 pm EST Reports: Former Bruin Craig Cunningham collapses on ice before AHL game A scary moment took place in Tucson, Arizona, Saturday night, as former Bruin [..] + Green Street11/19/16 10:17 pm EST Al Horford, Jae Crowder hit spot [..] - Green Street11/19/16 10:17 pm EST Al Horford, Jae Crowder hit spot for Celtics in win over Pistons One night after the Warriors humiliated them at the Garden, the Celtics looked [..] + Big Bad Blog11/19/16 09:36 pm EST 5 Things We Learned as Bruins [..] - Big Bad Blog11/19/16 09:36 pm EST 5 Things We Learned as Bruins dominate Jets in another Garden win After a three-game road trip in which the Bruins scored just four goals on a [..] + Red Sox11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello [..] - Red Sox11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello gets his award, Kate Upton doesn't get her way "Everything that drowns me makes me wanna fly." This is the saying that greets all [..] + Red Sox 11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts [..] - Red Sox 11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts or Mike Trout? It's become a very real conversation I asked two scouts the same question: "Who would you rather have for the next five [..] + Patriots11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play [..] - Patriots11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play without Rob Gronkowski than ever before With Rob Gronkowski missing Wednesday's practice with a chest injury and reportedly being [..] + Patriots 11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to [..] - Patriots 11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to late-season losses have traditionally tested championship character FOXBORO — Every season is different. Every team is different. But if the last few years [..] + Bruins11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask [..] - Bruins11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask reaction The "Tuukka Rask is actually good, after all" columns have been written over and [..] + Celtics11/10/16 10:54 pm EST Soft Celtics need a hard message [..] - Celtics11/10/16 10:54 pm EST Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach WALTHAM - Brad Stevens needs to grab hold of his team - and now. The team is just seven games [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests Compete in the WEEI Pro Football Pick'em Challenge for a chance to win $100 weekly prizes and the $2,000 grand prize. Click here to register and make your picks! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Partners & Sponsors | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File   Copyright © 2016 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
null
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (11) Post your comment 4K content rolls out in Google Play Movies 19 November 2016 Google has started rolling out 4K content in Google Play Movies, as was promised back when the company announced the Chromecast Ultra. For select movies, you will be able to purchase or rent them in 4K resolution. The prices are higher than the SD version but not significantly so. 4K content so far is seemingly limited to Chromecast Ultra and Android TVs with 4K support. If youre on a smartphone or web browser then you will be limited to HD resolution. The 4K option is rolling out slowly across regions and accounts. Source Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Science Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Here's How To Fix The Google Pixel And Pixel XL Lens Flare Issue 19 November 2016, 12:26 pm EST By Aaron Mamiit Tech Times Google Pixel and Pixel XL owners have recently reported extreme lens flaring in the pictures that they take. Here are some methods that users can try to avoid experiencing the problem.  ( Google ) Advertisement Reports from late last month revealed an issue with the rear cameras of the Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones, as several thousand users said that they were noticing extreme lens flaring. The problem is causing images to appear with bright halos, and suffice to say, such an effect is not really a good one to have in all the pictures that users take. For Google Pixel and Pixel XL users who are experiencing the issue, here are some things you can try to solve the problem. Take Pictures A Certain Way One of the ways to avoid getting unwanted lens flares on pictures is to never shoot pictures while looking straight at the sun or while in a room with a bright light shining at the edge of the Google Pixel or Pixel XL's screen. If avoiding such an instance is impossible, then there are some other things to try. When shooting toward the direction of the sun, place the sun at the corner of the screen or off-axis. If shooting indoors with a bright light, position the light behind the camera rather than to the side. Google Pixel And Pixel XL Software Update If following these methods do not work in erasing the extreme lens flaring on the Google Pixel and Pixel XL, users will then likely have to rely on the upcoming software update that Google will be releasing to address the problem. In late October, it was said that the software update would be coming in the next few weeks, which means that users should expect the patch to arrive sooner than later. Other Methods To Address Lens Flares? One of the other methods of preventing lens flares from appearing in pictures is to use a lens hood. While using such an accessory may be acceptable in digital cameras, it would be highly impractical to attach one to a smartphone. Lens flares have also been addressed by utilizing specialist coatings on the surface of lenses, along with the usage of high-quality glass. Such options are not available for smartphones to be able to keep their costs within the expected price range for customers. It seems that Google Pixel and Pixel XL owners are stuck with two possible solutions of avoiding certain situations in taking pictures and waiting for the upcoming software update. The Google smartphones are great devices, but hopefully the lens flare problem will soon be addressed. Another Google Pixel Problem Another problem with the Google Pixel, this time concerning the security of users, was reported early this month. According to security researchers, unlocking the smartphone through a voice command looks cool, but the Trusted Voice feature is a definite security concern. TAG Google, Pixel XL, Pixel, Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Google Suspended Then Restored Pixel Resellers' Accounts: How To Download Your Google Data Via Takeout In Case You Get Banned Google Blocks Pixel Resellers From Email, Photo And Document Services: 'Digital Death Penalty' Hits More Than 200 People OnePlus 3T Dash Charge vs. Google Pixel XL USB-C Power Delivery: Which Smartphone Charges Faster? [Video] Huawei Refused To Manufacture Google Pixel And Pixel XL Due To Branding Issue, Exec Confirms Want Fingerprint Gestures Of Google Pixel And Pixel XL? This App Will Let You Enable The Feature On Your Android Marshmallow Smartphone From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Close Advertisement Most Popular 1 Google Here's How To Fix The Google Pixel And Pixel XL Lens Flare Issue 2 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Android 7.0 Nougat Update For Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy Tab S2 In The Works: Release Imminent? Advertisement 4 Apple Black Friday 2016 Best Deals On iPhone And iPad From Best Buy, Walmart, Target And More 5 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech HTC 10 Running Android 7.0 Nougat Spotted, Update Coming In December 6 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech HTC Black Friday 2016 Deals: Massive Savings On HTC 10, RE Camera, One M9, One A9 And More 7 Gadgets Best PlayStation 4 Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deals Kick Off On Target, Best Buy, Walmart, Costco And Kohl's: Whose PS4 Price Is Lowest? 8 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 9 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' vs. 'Pokémon Moon': Here Are The Differences To Help You Decide Which Version To Buy 10 Video Games PS4 Pro Owners Are Getting $10 In PSN Credits Out Of Nowhere: Did You Get Yours? EDITOR'S PICKS Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google is launching mini-shops within Best Buy locations in Canada [VIDEO] Andrew Myrick Nov 19th, 2016 +5,361 Mini-shops within brick-and-mortar locations isn’t a new thing. Apple notoriously provides one of its mini-shops within various Best Buy locations, and Google has tinkered with this concept before. Now, it seems that the big “G” is going all-in on this approach. Image courtesy of TechCrunch Starting in Canada, Google is creating a unique way to experience all of its new products.These shops are aptly named “Google Shops” and allow customers to test out the latest and greatest products including the new Daydream View VR headset, the Pixel and Pixel XL, Google Home, and more. Speaking to TechCrunch, Janell Fisher, Google’s Director of Retail Marketing has explained the reasoning behind this new approach: We love it when people can come in, discover, play and have fun and it just happens to be with technology, so we’ve really tried to layer on lots of different immersive sorts of experiences, some that are direct demonstrations of the product and product features, but some that are more exploratory and fun. In addition to providing a new way to experience Google’s products, the company will also be hosting various workshops and sessions. These workshops will be held within the appropriate Best Buy location and may be run by Google employees or others such as YouTubers. Image courtesy of TechCrunch In addition to launching the Google Shops within Canada, Google has already launched three of these shops in the UK. The experiences will remain mostly the same, save for some subtle changes depending on the location and size of the shop. The bad news is that Fischer confirmed that Google does not have anything in the works to bring this experience to those of us in the United States. This is fairly upsetting considering Google’s failed attempt to provide a different experience within Best Buy locations here in the States. [TechCrunch] local_offer    Google   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (5) stars Further Reading Google tweaks the Top Charts of the Play Store Google sending Pixel delay compensation New Google Live Cases available Google accounts suspended for reselling Pixel phones OnePlus 3T charging proves solid videocam Top Trending Videoslaunch 1 play_circle_outline more_vertOnePlus 3T charging proves solid closeOnePlus 3T vs Pixel XL Charge Test: who can get to the finish line first? With the OnePlus 3T, OnePlus thought it was a good time to remind people just how good their Dash Charge technology is. That’s why they took one of the current kings of battery life — the Pixel XL — and put their own OnePlus 3T head-to-head against it. 2 play_circle_outline more_vertBest Apps/Games Nov 18 closeTop 5 Android Apps & Games of the Week (November 18, 2016) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 3 play_circle_outline more_vertNokia's smartwatch prototype surfaces closeHere’s a look at the Nokia smartwatch that could have been Don’t look now, but Nokia had plans to make a smartwatch at one point in time. Those plans have apparently been shelved, but someone was able to snag a prototype to show off to the world. 4 play_circle_outline more_vertHuawei Mate 9 Porsche Design first look closeHuawei Mate 9 Porsche Design, Mate 9 Pro first look [VIDEO] If the Huawei Mate 9 is too bland for your sophisticated taste is smartphones, the Mate 9 Porsche Design could be the phone you’re been waiting for. 5 play_circle_outline more_vertMobile Roar 156 LIVE closeWatch the Mobile Roar Podcast LIVE at 2PM Eastern! Do you have more phones and tablets than any one person should? Do you enjoy a good laugh? We’ve got the perfect show for you! 6 play_circle_outline more_vertMobile Roar 156: SPectacle closeMobile Roar 156: Daydream View review, LeEco Le Pro 3 impressions, and Snapchat Spectacles After taking the last couple of weeks off, we have finally returned with another episode! A lot has happened in the past few weeks. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 10 things in tech you need to know today Rob Price Nov. 16, 2016, 2:48 AM 2,270 facebook linkedin twitter email print Jack Dorsey, CEO of Twitter.Bill Pugliano/Getty Images Good morning! Here's the tech news you need to know midweek. 1. Snapchat has filed for an IPO that could value the company at $25 billion (£20 billion). It filed its paperwork with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) before the presidential election. 2. The world's top Apple analyst thinks there will be three iPhones in 2017. Ming-Chi Kuo expects two will have LCD screens, and one will be OLED. 3. Twitter announced new features designed to crack down on its endemic abuse problem. Users will be able to mute keywords, and staff are being retrained. 4. Super Mario Run, Nintendo's first iPhone game, will launch in December for $10 (£8). There's no word on an Android version yet. 5. Google has launched a new app that lets you scan old family photos with your smartphone. PhotoScan works with Google Photos, and was announced with a comic video ad. 6. Facebook, Google, Twitter and more are calling on Donald Trump to support encryption and immigration reform. Industry body the Internet Association sent the President-elect an open letter, The Verge reports. 7. Google has hired one of Snapchat's most senior leaders. Jia Li will be heading up the Google Cloud Machine Learning group. 8. We spoke to GE CEO Jeff Immelt on Donald Trump, job creation, and cybersecurity in the age of the "internet of things." Immelt says he "[looks] forward to working with [Trump]." 9. Google CEO Sundar Pichai says the US election was "challenging" and "deeply divided." The comments came after he was asked what his biggest challenge is. 10. We got our hands on Snapchat's Spectacles. The sunglasses-mounted cameras are being sold at pop-up vending machines around the US. NOW WATCH: The ‘Apple of China’ just unveiled a phone that’s more powerful and better looking than the iPhone Loading video... Follow 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: 10 Things You Need To Know SAI 10 Things You Need To Know SAI UK facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 10 things in tech you need to know today 10 things in tech you need to know today Good morning! Here's the tech news you need to... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Home Theater > Google’s updated Fiber TV mobile apps let you… Google’s updated Fiber TV mobile apps let you record shows from anywhere By Kris Wouk — November 15, 2016 3:22 PM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends If you’re fortunate enough to have Google Fiber available in your city but you aren’t a user of Fiber TV, it might be time for another look. Google rolled out new Fiber TV apps for iOS and Android on Tuesday, adding new features and generally making for a better overall experience for users. The Fiber TV app has already allowed subscribers to watch live and on-demand TV, as well as control their TV via their phone or tablet. The new app, announced in a post on the Google Fiber blog, now allows viewers to play and record TV shows, movies, and sports with a single tap. More: Google is bringing its Cast technology to Fiber TV Boxes Now when users open the Fiber TV mobile app, they will be presented with the newest episodes from their favorite shows right away and can begin watching them immediately. Similarly, the apps also recommend DVR recordings to watch, so you will not be left having to scroll through a list of shows to find the latest recordings you are looking for. Personalized recommendations for live TV are available as well, for both new and old shows, meaning viewers will never have to worry about missing another Twilight Zone marathon. There is also a new emphasis on sports in the updated apps. Both sports that are currently airing and games scheduled later on are shown, allowing them to be added easily to the DVR queue. You do not need to be near your TV to do this either, so if you are on a weekend trip and realize you forgot to DVR the game, you do not have to worry. More: Google upgrades Fiber TV with smart search, new look, RT ratings The new Fiber TV app is available now as a free download via the Google Play Store as well as the App Store for iOS devices. Google will be updating the Fiber TV app for TV subscribers “in the coming weeks.” Also watch: ‘Right to be Forgotten’ expands to all Google search domains Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Web > Google mixes art and machine learning to create… Google mixes art and machine learning to create new interactive experiments By Julian Chokkattu — November 15, 2016 3:38 PM Subscribe on YouTube Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Google has been injecting machine learning into some of its products lately, and now it’s mixing it with art. The company’s Arts & Culture team in Paris was curious to see what “creative coders” could do with machine learning, and the results are three experimental works that introduce new ways to interact with and find art — X Degrees of Separation, t-SNE Map, and Tags. More: Google Arts & Culture’s VR tour takes you inside British prime minister’s home X Degrees of Separation is a project aimed at finding what visual similarities a computer algorithm uses to connect a sculpture and a painting. The website lets you drag and drop works of art to find sculptures or paintings that are visually connected. For example, we dropped in Van Gogh’s self-portrait and Claude Monet’s “Water Lillies.” The tool provided three new photos, but the median was a woman standing in a river. Next up is t-SNE Map, which creates a “3D landscape” housing a vast number of artworks spanning centuries. But the art isn’t randomly placed — the computer places artworks it believes are visually linked closer together. You can zoom in up close and interact with each work of art to get more information. It’s a large collection, so it may take some time to load the clusters of photos. And the final experiment is Tags, and like the name suggests, a computer analyzes various artwork to tag them with specific categories. The Tags website lets you sift through these categories and see what works of art fall under each one. These tags can range from “azure” and “skin,” to “fiction” and “map.” The three tools are the first to be a part of the new Google Arts & Culture Experiments, which the company says is an “online space where you can see and play with the experimental projects that we have built.” It’s one of Google’s many labs experimenting with various technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning.
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 48° 48° Low 30° High 54° Mon 29° 58° Tue 30° 66° Wed 46° 64° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Robocalls from Google?…Not Really Posted 3:00 pm, November 19, 2016, by Elizabeth Garcia Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Robocalls from Google?…Not Really Here is a different twist to an old phishing scam. Instead of an email or text, businesses owners and individuals who have websites and own one or more domain names are receiving Robocalls from scammers claiming to be from Google. The claim is that their domain registration information needs to be updated. The caller will happily assist you with this update, if you supply your Google password or other personal or business information. Doing so will put you at risk for personal or corporate identity theft. Google specifically states in its Support pages that, if a consumer ever receives a recorded message from someone claiming to represent Google, it’s a scam. Google also states that there is no fee for Google My Business or Google Search and that they will not offer to increase your search ranking. All of these angles are a scam. Best Practice: Purchase all of your domain names from one reputable provider. With one provider, you can keep better track of domain registration information and when your domains need to be renewed. To learn how to spot and avoid Google scams, check out Avoid and report Google Scams. For more information on how to handle Robocalls, go to the FTC segment on Robocalls. To report a scam, go to the BBB Scam Tracker. To find trustworthy businesses, go to bbb.org. Filed in: BBB Consumer Alerts, News, Taking Action Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular New overtime law impacting millions of workers goes into effect Dec. 1 These 35 retailers will not open on Thanksgiving Day Roaches and rats are both on this week’s Restaurant Ratings report Superintendent responds to news of high school coach arrest in Jackson County Latest News “Fantastic Beasts” Opens to a Strong Start This Weekend Major Retailers Release Black Friday Sales Schedule Winter Drought Outlook At Least 120 Killed In Indian Train Derailment BBB Consumer Alerts Domain Name Hijacking: Is Yours Vulnerable? BBB Consumer Alerts GoDaddy customers stalked by phishing scams BBB Consumer Alerts Check out your online “employer” before investing Huntsville News Taking Action TAKING ACTION: BBB of North Alabama Warning Consumers of Two Popular Scams affecting their bank accounts, technology BBB Consumer Alerts News How to Claim Your Unclaimed Property without Losing Your Shirt BBB Consumer Alerts A New Twist on a Popular Scam BBB Consumer Alerts A Social Security Referendum? Not So! BBB Consumer Alerts Nationwide Drop in IRS Impostor Calls after Raid in Mumbai, India BBB Consumer Alerts Directory Update? Watch Out! BBB Consumer Alerts BBB warns businesses of government poster shakedown scam BBB Consumer Alerts News Your Social Security Number – Do They Really Need It? BBB Consumer Alerts The pros and cons of Interest-based advertising BBB Consumer Alerts Noon Interviews BBB warns of scams targeting Pokémon Go players Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2016, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Contact Us Advertise With Us FAQ's Westport police get funding for seat belt enforcement, car seat Darien, Staples share Class L field hockey title after 0-0 tie Tapsall leads Staples field hockey to summit in second season Westport students punished for offensive Facebook group posts News Sports Police Reports Community Celebrate Summer Comics SEEN: Westport Winter Market A Sunny Saturday at the Rinks Obituaries Opinion Real Estate Jobs Homes Rentals Cars MenuSections http://www.westport-news.com/news/article/Living-With-Technology-Talking-to-computers-10623726.php Living With Technology: Talking to computers By Mark Mathias Published 3:50 pm, Saturday, November 19, 2016 Photo: / Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 The Amazon Echo device. The Amazon Echo device. Photo: / Image 2 of 2 Living With Technology: Talking to computers 1 / 2 Back to Gallery Ever since I saw the first Star Trek shows and they would say: “Computer, red alert!” and the red lights would flash and the siren would sound, I was hooked. Talking has been a great idea for how to communicate with a computer, but always extremely difficult to achieve. In particular, it takes a lot of computer power to convert a voice into text that a computer can process. In addition, figuring out what someone means can be equally difficult. Luckily, the rise in cloud computing has provided virtually unlimited computer horsepower to decipher what people are saying and what they mean. The net result is that we now have a handful of speech interaction technologies available to us. One of the first widely popularized technologies is Apple’s Siri, a feature on iPhones that receives commands and will execute them on your mobile phone. Google came along with additions to its lineup with “OK Google” that lets people talk to their devices and through the Google Chrome Web browser. Amazon surprised the world about a year ago with its Amazon Alexa products (Echo, Tap and Dot, $179.99, $129.99 and $49.99, respectively) that is a standalone product for the home that doesn’t require any computer or subscription to let you ask questions, play music and interact with it solely with your voice. So far, Amazon Alexa is intended to be an open platform, intended for people to develop other “skills” that add functionality, such as controlling home automation, ordering a Uber, ordering items from Amazon and more. About two weeks ago, Google released their voice enabled device, Google Home ($129 at madeby.google.com/home). Where Google Home shines is its deep search engine capabilities. It clearly was very good at looking things up. I put some of the services to a few basic questions: Google Home was able to tell me the driving distance from my home to the White House (283 miles by car). Amazon Alexa said it was 249 miles away “as the crow flies.” Cortana thought I wanted to drive TO my home, so told me I was only 4 minutes away. Google Home couldn’t tell me about local movies, but Amazon Alexa was quite happy to rattle off the local movies showing and their times. Cortana gave me a matrix of movie poster thumbnails that I could pick from to find more. Listening to what people say and figuring out what they want is really hard to do. Add to that ambiguity, accents, popular culture and it’s amazing that computers can decipher what we’re saying at all. Even so, we’re lucky to be living in a time where we can talk to a computer and have it react meaningfully. Next up, I want a transporter so I can teleport myself around the world in the blink of an eye. And, like these voice activated devices, I’d like the service to be free. Mark Mathias is a 35+ year information technology executive, a resident of Westport, Connecticut. His columns can be read on the Internet at http://blog.mathias.org. He can be contacted at livingwith technology@mathias.org. Most Popular 1 Darien, Staples share Class L field hockey title after 0-0 tie 2 Tapsall leads Staples field hockey to summit in second season 3 Deadlocked jurors force mistrial in Ohio police shooting 4 Questions continue over Railroad Place 5 Westport students punished for offensive Facebook group posts 6 Talented GFA trio finalize college decisions 7 Living With Technology: Talking to computers View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us Connect Facebook Twitter Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Media Services Connecticut, LLC
null
Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footer We Tech-Geeks Welcome TechGeeks!!!! Enjoy unlimited access to tech news and tutorials. Home Technews Tools Reviews Tips and Tricks Windows Tutorials About Twitter Facebook RSS Feed ← Deal: Buy the complete LEGO Harry Potter saga for $1 Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) gets Bluetooth certified, launch imminent → Google two-factor authentication prompts now work on Android Wear for some users Nov 20 Posted by ishubhamsingh When you enable two-factor authentication on your Google account, you have three options for logging in with a phone. The first is with a code generated from any 2FA application, such as Google Authenticator or Authy. Secondly, you can have Google send you an SMS message. Lastly, Google can prompt you on your phone to approve a sign-in attempt (as long as your phone has Google Play Services). For some users, the latter method now works on Android Wear as well. Read More Google two-factor authentication prompts now work on Android Wear for some users was written by the awesome team at Android Police. from Android Police – Android News, Apps, Games, Phones, Tablets http://ift.tt/2fPhYCt via Blogger http://ift.tt/2gvlVAI Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related About ishubhamsingh Hello TechGeeks!! I am Shubham Singh -a student,a mistakemaker,a learner,a TechGeek like you,who wants to share all that i know about softwares,cracks,keygens and general computer tweaks & tricks with you through this blog. View all posts by ishubhamsingh » Posted on November 20, 2016, in android, Android Police – Android News, apps, Games, Phones, tablets and tagged Android Police - Android News, apps, Blogger android, Games, IFTTT, Phones, tablets. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment. ← Deal: Buy the complete LEGO Harry Potter saga for $1 Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) gets Bluetooth certified, launch imminent → Leave a comment Comments 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search for: Recent Comments Popular Posts Archives Tags Categories ishubhamsinghIt is safe inspite of being large... RobertOzonejust received automatic update last night (windows.imersivecontrolpanel_xxxxxx) now when phone power Michael LeungIs it safe? The battery volume is very large donmarkReblogged this on Donmarks.net and commented: whatsapp now lets you search all of your conversation francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. samsung galaxy s6 manualIf you feel your Android is a bit sluggish, you might find a new launcher helps speed things up a bi lincolnmohanLooking forward to getting this handset! Gordon GoreReblogged this on mobileconsumernz. Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch coming on Sept. 25 (55) Nokia rolls out Windows Phone 8 Amber update for Lumia smartphones (33) NOW BOOK RAILWAY TICKETS WITH IRCTC’S APPS FOR WINDOWS 8 AND WINDOWS PHONE 8 (6) VTU 3rd sem CSE/IS lab programs!!!! (4) Cell phone buying guide: Things to know when shopping for a cell phone (3) Samsung Announces colorful Galaxy Tab 3 kids for children (3) HP EliteBook Revolve 810 :Review (2) ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT WILL BE RELEASED IN OCTOBER: NESTLE (2) APPLE IOS 7 GUIDE: HOW TO DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL ON YOUR IPHONE, IPAD OR IPOD TOUCH (2) OnePlus 2 will feature a big 3300mAh battery (2) November 2016 (742) October 2016 (1192) September 2016 (948) August 2016 (1273) July 2016 (904) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (838) February 2016 (276) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (261) September 2015 (1056) August 2015 (986) July 2015 (849) June 2015 (890) May 2015 (1041) April 2015 (58) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) January 2014 (9) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (3) android Android Authority Android News Android Police - Android News apple apps Blogger Blogger android Blogger Android Police - Android News Blogger and Updates Blogger devekopment Blogger feature Blogger IFTTT Blogger microsoft Blogger news Blogger reviews Blogger tutorials Blogger WMPoweruser feature Games Google highlights IFTTT MakeUseOf microsoft mobile reviews MSPoweruser news Phones port reviews Rumours samsung tablet reviews tablets TalkAndroid tutorial ubuntu Web Upd8 - Ubuntu / Linux blog Windows Windows 8 windows 8.1 windows 10 windows phone WMPoweruser app (1) Google android device manager (1) anti-theft (1) smartphone security (1) google glass features (1) google glass promo (1) Google glass (1) HP elitebook revolve 810 (1) elitebook revolve reviews (1) elitebook revolve specifications (1) Truecaller (1) truecaller fb app (1) marissa mayer (1) rocketmelt (1) safe identity (1) online security (1) anonymous online (1) htc india (1) htc one dual sim specifications (1) HTC one dual sim (1) samsung galaxy tab 3(8 inch) (1) galaxy tab 3 feature (1) galaxy tab 3 review (1) sony vaio pro 13 (1) sony ultrabooks (1) sony vaio pro 13 reviews (1) sony vaio pro 13 features (1) sony vaio pro 13 price (1) nokia asha 501 reviews (1) nokia asha 501 price (1) nokia asha 501 specifications (1) facebook hashtags (1) hashtags handling (1) smartphone buying guide (1) phone features description (1) cellphone buying guide (1) superspeed usb (1) high speed usb (1) usb 3.1 (1) Google music search service (1) Google india (1) Raring Ringtail (1) 10 Things to do (1) ubuntu 13.04 (1) repacked (1) Stardock Start 8 1.16 Full Reapck (1) Start8 1.16 (1) stardock (1) ccleaner professional edition (1) Ccleaner 4.03.4151 with crack (1) Ccleaner free download (1) ccleaner business edition (1) Freebie (1) All version crack (1) Licence key (1) Free (1) WinX HD video converter 4.0 with licence (1) HD video converter (1) bluestacks (1) android emulator (1) android on pc (1) recover files (1) keygen (1) flash drive virus (1) Virus (1) Shorcut files recover (1) remove virus (1) shortcut virus (1) Malwarebytes (1) windows store (1) upgrade (1) windows bleu (1) preview (1) powershell (1) command-line (1) applist (1) software list (1) default (1) namo phablet reviews (1) smart namo smartphone (1) smart namo phablet (1) narendra modi phablet (1) htc one play edition 4.3 update (1) galaxy s4 android 4.3 update (1) Android 4.3 devices (1) 4.3 update (1) Moto x design (1) Moto x review (1) Moto x price (1) Moto x specifications (1) WideUpdates.Com (1) hindi language support (1) hindi (1) hindi handwriting input (1) translate (1) firefox metro (1) firefox 26 (1) browsers (1) mozilla (1) skype HD video call (1) skype update for ios (1) skype 4.10 (1) lock screen lock screen (1) lock screen (1) enable slideshow (1) Galaxy s4 air gesture (1) android air gesture (1) air gesture control (1) samsung galaxy tab for kids (1) Galaxy tab 3 kids version.tablet for kids (1) HTC sense 5.5 (1) new htc (1) HTC leaks (1) HTC One Max (1) HTC news (1) android 4.3 (1) 8.1 skinpack (1) windows7 (1) windows 8.1 theme (1) ios 7 skinpack (1) ios7 theme (1) s7 (1) acer aspire s7-392 (1) acer aspire s7 (1) Acer (1) aspire (1) acer ultrabook (1) micromax a240 (1) news.reviews (1) micromax canvas doodle 2 review (1) doodle 2 (1) micromax csanvas doodle 2 feature (1) get your imagination bigger (1) doodle 2 teaser (1) canvas doodle2 (1) shahzam 4.0 (1) android apps (1) music apps (1) shahzam encore (1) shahzam update (1) computer science engineering (1) infix (1) cse (1) 3rd sem vtu prog (1) engineering (1) c programs (1) lab programs (1) VTU (1) ise (1) queue prog (1) postfix (1) 3rd sem (1) Microsoft buys nokia (1) 7.2 billion dollars (1) nokia sold (1) android 4.4 features (1) Android next (1) samsung smartwatch (1) galaxy gear features (1) samsung galaxy gear (1) smartwatch (1) android watch (1) galaxy gaer specs (1) iphone 5s 64-bit (1) Apple A7 (1) 64-Bit architecture (1) A7 chip (1) apple 64-bit (1) A7 chip 64-bit (1) dell venue (1) dell (1) dell tablets (1) dell 8.1 tablets (1) windows 8 railway app (1) Railway official app (1) irctc official app (1) IRCTC (1) IRCT windows 8 app (1) Indian railways (1) latest memory card (1) fastest memory card (1) sandisk (1) Sandisk Extreme Pro Cfast 2.0 (1) 450mb/s (1) 120GB memory card (1) SanDisk Cfast 2.0 (1) HP.hewlett-packard (1) leap motion (1) air gesture control pc (1) android launch (1) apple ios 7 guide (1) iphone upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade guide (1) narendra modi game (1) modi run game (1) play store (1) narendra modi (1) new generation sidebar (1) modern sidebar (1) modern ui(metro) sidebar (1) metrosidebar (1) windows 8.1 pre-orders (1) logitech gamepad for iphone (1) gamepad for iPhone (1) Logitech (1) game controller support in iOS 7 (1) SquareEnix (1) Google Play vending machines (1) tokyo (1) japan (1) Android game vending machines (1) GungHo (1) Bittorrent chat (1) server less message client (1) bittorrent (1) bittorrent secure messaging app (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 price in India (1) Celkon Mobiles (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 (1) Celkon (1) AR Rehman (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 specifications (1) surface 2 first look (1) surface 2 intro (1) surface 2 first impression (1) surface pro 2 (1) surface pro 2 specs (1) microsoft surface pro 2 (1) windows 8.1 tablet (1) surface pro 2 hands on (1) surface pro 2 price (1) Import photos to Dropbox (1) Dropbox for Mac (1) dropbox (1) iPhoto (1) Dropobox update (1) Dropbox adds screenshot uploader (1) galaxy round (1) curved display (1) samsung galaxy round (1) announced (1) yahoo mail 1TB storage (1) new yahoo mail UI (1) yahoo mail updated (1) mail (1) android land (1) noida (1) bangalore (1) spice (1) kormangala (1) android land india (1) samsung galaxy j launch (1) galaxy (1) samsung galaxy j (1) official launch (1) ntt docomo (1) google maps multiple destination (1) google maps upcoming events (1) google maps updated (1) Google maps beta (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx price (1) Datawind (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx (1) ubuntu release (1) linux (1) ubuntu 13.10 final (1) 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 download (1) windows 8.1 upgrade (1) flipboard (1) Flipboard for windows (1) store (1) magazine app (1) ussd (1) ADR (1) Facebook India (1) politician's background (1) politics (1) Know Your Neta (1) Facebook USSD (1) gaming console (1) sell (1) ps4 (1) xbox one (1) xbox (1) nullsoft (1) media player (1) aol (1) winamp shutdown (1) rip winamp (1) winamp (1) windowsphone app (1) windowsphone (1) telegram for windows (1) telegram (1) telegram IM (1) IM app (1) mobile phones (1) evleaks (1) custom android UI (1) nokia's android (1) leak (1) 1520v (1) mwc 2014 (1) lumia 1525 (1) lumia 1820 (1) lumia (1) upcoming lumia smartphones (1) wp group (1) micromax russia (1) micromax (1) eddy (1) eddy tablet for kids (1) metis eddy tablet.kids tablet (1) display size (1) iphone 6 (1) report (1) vaio flipvaio india (1) sony (1) sony vaio flip hybrid (1) moto g india launch (1) announcement (1) motorola (1) moto g (1) moto g specs (1) moto g features (1) xolo Q7005 Launched (1) Xolo Q7005 Specs (1) xolo Q7005 (1) xolo (1) xolo Q7005 features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i (1) Karbonn titanium S5i specs (1) karbonn (1) Karbonn titanium S5i price (1) windows phone 8.1 beta sdk (1) windows phone 8.1 features (1) windows phone 8.1 (1) Nokia x (1) nokia x rooted (1) nokia x gapps (1) lollipop (1) oneplusone (1) release (1) oxygen os (1) oneplus (1) cyanogenmod 12 (1) technical preview (1) leaks (1) appgap (1) phone2pc (1) universal apps (1) spotlight (1) astoria (1) micflip (1) reversible micro-usb (1) reversible usb (1) usb c-type (1) codec (1) guide (1) hevc (1) howto (1) video codec (1) yahoo (2) online privacy (2) samsung tablets (2) facebook (2) full (2) 8 (2) System (2) windows8.1 (2) skinpack (2) android 4.4 KitKat (2) android 4.4 (2) android kitkat (2) iphone 5s (2) Iphone (2) windows 8.1 tablets (2) windows phone 8 (2) ios 7 (2) windows 8.1 release (2) windows 8.1 final (2) surface 2 (2) Nokia (2) nokia normandy (2) rumour (2) microsoft edge (2) project spartan (2) continuum (2) Uncategorized (3) tips and tricks (3) tablet reviews (3) Utilities (3) Windows 7 (3) Google (3) samsung (3) apple (3) normandy (3) highlights (3) devekopment (3) pc and laptop reviews (4) Windows 8 (4) windows8 (4) mobile reviews (5) tutorials (5) ubuntu (5) port (5) MakeUseOf (6) tutorial (7) tools (8) windows 8.1 (9) feature (9) Windows (13) reviews (14) windows 10 (14) MSPoweruser (40) news (62) Web Upd8 – Ubuntu / Linux blog (187) IFTTT (194) TalkAndroid (737) Android Police – Android News (1,460) WMPoweruser (1,688) windows phone (1,715) microsoft (1,736) and Updates (1,965) Android News (1,965) Rumours (1,965) Android Police – Android News (2,149) Android Authority (3,204) Games (3,609) Phones (3,609) apps (3,610) tablets (3,612) android (9,517) Recent Posts Android 7.0 Nougat update rolling out to Moto Z Droid and Moto Z Force on Verizon, adds Daydream compatibility November 20, 2016 Must read: top 10 Android stories November 20, 2016 Umi Plus E International Giveaway! November 20, 2016 What is the problem with IoT security? – Gary explains November 20, 2016 New UI for Play Store Top Charts showing up for some users November 20, 2016 Like us on FB Like us on FB Blog Stats 74,697 hits Follow We Tech-Geeks on WordPress.com Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV Yesterday GOOG: 760.54 -10.69 In-store ‘Google Shops’ are now appearing at some Canadian Best Buy locations [Video] Ben Schoon - 23 hours ago @NexusBen Google Best Buy Google shop View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit We’ve seen Google play around in retail spaces before, but nothing has ever stuck. Currently, the best bet for buying Google hardware in a local store is at a Verizon store or your local Best Buy. Now, Google is expanding its footprint in the latter… “Google Shops” are not retail stores, but rather small areas of larger retail locations which show off Google’s various products including the Pixel, VR headsets, Chromecast, and even Chromebooks. Google is working with Best Buy in Canada to open up these shops at select locations. As TechCrunch reports from visiting one of the first locations, Google has grouped products together to show customers how they can be used together. For example, a Chromecast with a Pixel or a Pixel with a Daydream View headset. Janell Fischer, Google’s Director of Retail Marketing explains: We love it when people can come in, discover, play and have fun and it just happens to be with technology, so we’ve really tried to layer on lots of different immersive sorts of experiences, some that are direct demonstrations of the product and product features, but some that are more exploratory and fun. The space is designed around Google’s current products, but unlike Google’s pop-up shop in New York City, this space is designed to last, so everything can be easily swapped out with the new products. Also included in the space are things like the “Portal,” a large display which can display things such as Google Earth to give customers a unique experience. Unfortunately, this seems to be limited to Canada for now. Fischer said: “We don’t have any plans to do anything in the US right now.” However, considering everything Google has done here and the emphasis the company has been putting on its products over the past few weeks, I can’t imagine we won’t eventually see something like this make its way to the States in one form or another. Guides Google View THe Guide Best Buy View THe Guide Google shop View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV Yesterday GOOG: 760.54 -10.69 This week’s top stories: OnePlus 3T specs, Andromeda rumors, our Acer Chromebook R13 review, & more Jordan Kahn - 23 hours ago @JordanKahn Android Apps and Updates Chrome/OS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In this week’s top stories: OnePlus 3T announcement and specs, Andromeda rumors, our Acer Chromebook R13 review, and much more. We kick things off with the OnePlus 3T announcement including all the details on how the OnePlus 3 variant differs from the previous generation. We break down the latest Andromeda rumor tidbits. The Huawei Mate 9 Pro goes official in China as Samsung’s ‘Blue Coral’ Galaxy S7 edge arrives at Sprint and Verizon. And we give you our review of Acer’s Chromebook R13 as Android apps hit four more Chromebooks including Dell, ASUS, HP, and Samsung models. These and the rest of this week’s top stories below: Android | OnePlus 3T brings updated Snapdragon 821, bigger battery, 128GB storage Full OnePlus 3T specs leak ahead of official announcement, Snapdragon 821 and more in tow Andromeda rumor tidbits: OEMs getting dev kits, notification syncing, devices in late 2017 Samsung’s ‘Blue Coral’ Galaxy S7 edge is now available at Verizon and Sprint Huawei Mate 9 Pro goes official in China with QHD curved display, 6GB RAM, starts at ~$685 CyanogenMod 14.1 based on Android 7.1 expands to 9 more devices including… Huawei executive confirms why the company passed on building the Pixel Apps | Google’s new AI-powered Quick Draw game is crazy smart and addictive Google Play search results now show direct install links and info cards for some users Google Play Music redesign uses machine learning Google Translate using Neural Machine Translation to improve ‘more in a single leap’ than last 10 years Chrome OS | Review: Acer’s Chromebook R13 w/ apps is a temptingly nice 13-inch 1080P convertible Android apps hit four more Chromebooks including Dell, ASUS, HP, and Samsung models More | This is the new Google Fiber TV Box w/ 4K streaming & wireless currently in testing This week’s top videos | OnePlus 3T with Dash Charge goes head-to-head with the Pixel XL’s USB-C fast charging [Video] Google’s new tutorial shows how ridiculously easy it is to set up Google Wifi [Video] Don’t bother making beats, Google’s ‘Infinite Drum Machine’ has got you covered [Video] Subscribe to get all 9to5Google’s stories delivered to your inbox daily. And to 9to5Toys for the best deals from around the web. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Apps and Updates View THe Guide Chrome/OS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV Yesterday GOOG: 760.54 -10.69 ‘Google Prompt’ two-factor authentication now works on Android Wear devices for some Ben Schoon - 23 hours ago @NexusBen Android Android Wear Two-factor authentication Google Prompt View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit A few months ago Google introduced a new sign-in method for two-factor authentication users, “Google Prompt.” Rather than sending a code via SMS, Google would prompt users on a pre-selected smartphone whenever a sign-in is needed. Now, that’s expanding to Android Wear… According to some Android Police readers, Google is currently enabling Google Prompt on Android Wear devices, allowing users to approve sign-ins from their wrist rather than pulling out their phones. We can’t verify that this is rolling out on a wide scale, but users who are seeing it report that it works when the watch is connected to their Google Prompt-approved smartphone, although this is likely Android only. The prompt will stay up until approved or disapproved and covers the entire display. Google Prompt is already one of the most convenient methods for using two-factor authentication, so extending that to the wrist just makes things even easier. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Android Wear View THe Guide Two-factor authentication View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED ABOUT A MINUTE AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Innovation / The Complete Guide to Virtual Reality Certifications that stand out The 2016 Complete Guide to Virtual Reality By Stuart Dredge PUBLISHED: NOVEMBER 13 2016 Until recently, virtual reality had been something of a fantasy for storytellers and technologists. As long ago as 1935, American science fiction writer Stanley G Weinbaum described something like virtual reality in a short story called Pygmalion’s Spectacles. "But listen -- a movie that gives one sight and sound. Suppose now I add taste, smell, even touch, if your interest is taken by the story. Suppose I make it so that you are in the story, you speak to the shadows, and the shadows reply, and instead of being on a screen, the story is all about you, and you are in it. Would that be to make real a dream?" Technologists might still be working on smell and taste, but Albert Ludwig’s "magic spectacles" eerily foreshadow the current prominence for headsets and 360-degree games, videos and virtual worlds. Since Ludwig’s magic spectacles found their way into print, there have been decades of experimentation around virtual reality, from the first head-mounted VR system in the late 1960s to the first commercial products in the 1980s -- not to mention Hollywood’s interpretation in the1992 film The Lawnmower Man, which shaped mainstream perceptions of virtual reality, or VR, for some time afterwards. The current age of virtual reality began in 2010, when American teenager Palmer Luckey created the first prototype of a VR headset that would evolve into the Oculus Rift. Two years later, he launched a $250,000 Kickstarter crowdfunding campaign to commercialise it -- and $2.4m of pledges later, the tech industry’s interest in VR was reborn. Two years after that, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg liked the Rift so much he bought the company for $2bn. Several competitors have emerged since then, from the HTC Vive and Sony’s PlayStation VR to smartphone-powered headsets such as Samsung’s Gear VR and Google Cardboard. Meanwhile, hundreds of developers are making VR games and apps, film-makers are exploring the potential for documentaries and animation, and Facebook and YouTube have jumped on the bandwagon with 360-degree videos. But if you’re new to virtual reality, where should you start? In the absence of a passing professor with magic specs, here’s everything you need to know about hardware, apps and games. The Basics The most important piece of a virtual reality kit is the headset, a device like a thick pair of goggles that goes over your eyes. The more expensive, higher quality headsets need to be connected to a computer to run apps and games, while some cheaper ones use a cellphone clipped to the front of the headset. All headsets need to be used alongside a good quality pair of headphones, and there are other optional accessories from hand controllers to treadmills that are all designed to enhance your simulated experience of being in another world. Hand controllers translate your real-world gestures into whatever game or application you’re using, although standard gaming joypads can also be used. VR devices have their own app stores, similar to smartphone app stores, where you can browse and download games and apps. Some of these stores are accessed using the device itself, while others -- the VR section of the Steam digital games store, for example -- can be browsed on your computer. High-End Headsets: Oculus Rift Four years after its first crowdfunding campaign, the first commercial version of Oculus Rift launched in early 2016, sold initially from the Oculus VR website and gradually made its way to retailers around the world. Until now, you needed a powerful PC to use the Oculus Rift. The minimum specs for an Oculus Ready PC are on the official website, with Dell, HP, Alienware and Asus all offering VR-ready machines. Oculus VR has also launched bundles of Rift with a PC, such as the $2,050 Alienware bundle. That said, Oculus has just announced that thanks to some technology it has dubbed “asynchronous spacewarp”, the Rift will now work with PCs costing as little as $500. Oculus is expanding its hardware offering, and in December Oculus will launch a dedicated Oculus Touch controller, which translates your hand gestures into the virtual environment. At $199, it’s not cheap. Price: $599 (£549) includes the headset with built-in headphones and mic, movement sensor, remote and Xbox One controller. You’ll also need: a powerful PC -- check the recommended specs. Best for: early adopters, and anyone keen for a first-hand view of how Facebook will make virtual reality more social. Verdict: Oculus Rift kickstarted the newest generation of VR and has an inventive community of developers making games and apps for it -- even if a few have ditched it in protest over its founder’s political activities. Facebook’s financial backing should ensure the Rift is in it for the long haul, too. 10 Oculus Rift apps and games to try: * Chronos: wonderful-looking role-playing game with plenty of depth * Minecraft VR: the blocky building game suits VR well * Elite: Dangerous: epic space game gets even more epic with a headset * Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes: clever multiplayer game -- the headset wearer defuses a bomb while friends try to help * EVE: Valkyrie: this space dogfighter was made for VR, and it shows * The Climb: part game and part experience, this sees you climbing mountains around the world * Jaunt VR: a range of great made-for-VR videos, from documentaries to music * Henry: Oculus VR’s attempt at a Pixar-quality animated short film * Apollo 11 VR Experience: a clever historical app that sends you on the moon-landing mission * Within: a mix of bespoke fiction and nonfiction videos made for viewing in VR HTC Vive The HTC Vive is a partnership between Taiwanese tech firm HTC and the games company Valve. Valve added a dedicated VR category to its existing Steam digital games store, while HTC has just launched its Viveport site for non-gaming apps. Vive is a direct rival to Oculus Rift, though several games and apps are available for both devices. Like the Rift, it requires a PC to run its software, and HTC helps buyers get the right kit by maintaining a list of Vive Ready computers, including partners Alienware, HP and MSI. The Vive has some unique features, including a front-facing camera which, in certain apps, can bring the real world into your virtual environments. You also get two hand-worn gestural controllers in the box, unlike the Rift, which partly explains the higher price. The Vive also comes with a base station that tracks your movements, so within fairly tight limits you can walk around inside your VR space. This means a longer setup process, comparable to setting up a high-end home-audio system properly rather than just bunging your stereo on a shelf -- but as more apps and games use the option, it could prove to be the Vive’s killer feature. Price: $799 (£759) includes the headset, two wireless hand-controllers, two base stations and a link box to connect it to your computer. You’ll also need: a powerful PC -- check the recommended specs. Best for: anyone who wants the absolute top-spec (for now) home VR system, with a mix of gaming and non-gaming. Verdict: HTC Vive is the most expensive system on the market, and also the one that takes most effort to set up. Yet once you’ve done that, the ability to walk around within your virtual space, as well as turn your head, is impressive. The involvement of Valve, with its Steam store, means there’s a big community of developers too. 10 HTC Vive apps and games to try: * Job Simulator: a big word-of-mouth hit; its 2050 setting simulates jobs taken over by robots * Elite: Dangerous: epic space game gets even more epic with a headset * Cosmic Trip: gripping “first-person real-time strategy” game about colonising alien planets * The Brookhaven Experiment: survival-based horror game with plenty of monsters -- and scares * Fantastic Contraption: originally a 2D machine-building puzzler, this works beautifully in 3D and VR * Tilt Brush: Google’s app is one of the early creative joys in VR: paint in the 3D space around you in a blur of neon * Jaunt VR: a great range of made-for-VR videos, from documentaries to music * Apollo 11 VR: clever historical app that puts you in the moon landing mission * theBlu: if you enjoyed the BBC’s Blue Planet, this is a must for its glorious VR ocean life * AltspaceVR: interesting attempt at social VR, updating the second life virtual world idea for current headsets Sony PlayStation VR The third big gun in the VR race is Sony’s PlayStation VR headset, which launched in October 2016 as an accessory for the PlayStation 4 games console. Both the PlayStation 4 and new PlayStation 4 Pro are compatible with the headsets, but the pro will run VR games at higher screen resolutions and frame rates. PlayStation VR will use the PS4’s standard console controller, the DualShock 4, but you’ll need the $60 PlayStation Camera accessory too. Sony is keen for PlayStation VR to be more than a solitary experience: a feature called VR Social Screen shows what you’re seeing in the headset on your TV screen, so friends can join in or watch. Being part of the PlayStation world inevitably means that games are an even bigger focus for PlayStation VR than for Oculus Rift and Vive. Sony has more than 100 games confirmed already, with 50 of them due to arrive by the end of 2016. Price: $399 (£350) for the headset, processor unit, earphones and cables. You’ll also need: PlayStation Camera, which costs $45 (£39). Although you can use standard PS4 joypads for games, some will support the PlayStation Move motion controllers, which cost $99 (£70) for a twin-pack. Best for: gamers -- or PlayStation 4 gamers at least, since there’s (unsurprisingly) no cross-console compatibility with Xbox One or Nintendo’s consoles. Verdict: as the first console-connected VR headset out of the blocks, PlayStation VR is also the most affordable high-end model even if you have to buy the PS4 to run it. There are some impressive launch titles, while Sony’s clout means there will be a strong pipeline of titles in the months and years ahead, though there may be slimmer pickings for non-game VR apps. 10 PlayStation VR apps and games to try: * Rez Infinite: brilliant reboot of classic rhythm game Rez * Tumble VR: clever puzzle game that involves piling up blocks * EVE Valkyrie: this space dogfighter game was specially made for VR, and it shows * Batman: Arkham VR: crime-solving strategy with the Dark Knight * Superhypercube: “first-person puzzler” with trippy graphics * Thumper: racing, shooting and rhythm-action combine * Job Simulator: a big word-of-mouth hit; its 2050 setting simulates jobs taken over by robots * PlayStation VR Worlds: from gangsters to racing, this collection of VR mini-games shows off Sony’s VR tech * Headmaster: use your noggin to complete a series of football-heading challenges * Driveclub VR: slick racing game puts you in the cockpit of 80 motors Budget Headsets: Samsung Gear VR With Gear VR, we’re into the category of VR headset that use your smartphone as both the screen and processor. Samsung’s headset uses technology from Oculus VR, although it isn’t as powerful as the Rift. It only works with Samsung’s S6 and S7 smartphone series, as well as the Galaxy Note6 and Note7 phablets (though if you still have a Note7 put the device down and step away slowly -- the phone has been the subject of an international recall after a problem with exploding batteries). Gear VR can be bought as a standalone device, but some retailers will include one in when you buy a new Samsung smartphone so it’s worth scouting about for deals. Games and apps are available through Samsung’s Oculus Home software, with a growing catalogue of apps, games and content. For Samsung owners, the Gear VR is an affordable way to explore virtual reality even if its graphical capabilities -- and the processor of the device running its software -- are less powerful than its rivals. Price: $100 (£100) for the headset. You’ll also need: a recent Samsung smartphone or phablet. Best for: cost-conscious VR newcomers who don’t want to be tied to a computer or console while exploring virtual worlds and games. Verdict: Gear VR should help grow a more mainstream audience for VR, and has a growing collection of apps and games. Its one restriction is that it can only be used with Samsung smartphone owners, so anyone with an iPhone or other Android handset is out of luck. 10 Gear VR apps and games to try: * Land’s End: from the makers of Monument Valley, this is an eerie game of exploration * Minecraft: Gear VR: blocky building game suits VR well * Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes: clever multiplayer game -- the headset wearer defuses a bomb while friends try to help * Smash Hit: inventive rhythm-puzzle game * Gunjack: sci-fi shooter that flings ships and bullets at you * NextVR: live sports and music in virtual reality * AltspaceVR: interesting attempt at social VR, updating the second life virtual world idea for current headsets * The Economist VR: intriguing virtual tours from the digitally re-created Mosul Museum to Osaka’s secrets * Jaunt VR: a great range of made-for-VR videos, from documentaries to music * Within: bespoke fiction and nonfiction videos made for VR Google Cardboard and Daydream Cardboard was Google’s first commercial attempt at virtual reality, and yes, the headsets were made of actual cardboard. Google made the spec for these flat-pack headsets available to other companies, which means there are 13 models from Google’s own basic $15 model to Speck’s $70 Pocket-VR with CandyShell Grip, although the latter includes a protective case for your smartphone. There are a growing number of apps available on the Android and iOS app stores, from 360-photography to games and documentaries. While not as powerful as more expensive headsets, there is some exciting experimentation going on here. Google’s follow-up to Cardboard, Daydream, was announced in May 2016. Its software will be built into the new Android smartphones (it is part of Nougat, the latest version of Android) as well as hardware, in the form of headsets and handheld controllers. Google’s headset, the Daydream View, is made of fabric rather than cardboard, and comes with a motion controller used to translate your gestures into apps and games. Google services such as YouTube, Street View and Photos will all support Daydream headsets, and launch partners include Netflix, the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, the Guardian, JK Rowling’s Fantastic Beasts and Major League Baseball who will all provide apps. The Guardian’s offering, Underworld, explores London’s subterranean web of Victorian sewers and lost waterways in the shoes of an urban explorer. Price: Google Cardboard headsets vary in price, but most are $15-$25 (£15-£25). Daydream View costs $79 (£69), including a controller. You’ll also need: a smartphone -- Cardboard headsets and apps support a wide range of Android phones and iPhones. Daydream View is more restricted: at launch it will work with Google’s new Pixel smartphones, but a range of Daydream-supporting Android phones will come out over the next year. Best for: getting started with VR cheaply and easily, particularly for non-Samsung owners. Verdict: Daydream View will offer strong competition for the Gear VR. Cardboard is excellent for dabblers, and while some of its apps are fairly limited experiences, others offer plenty to see, do and play. 10 Google Cardboard apps and games to try: * Cardboard: Google’s own collection of VR demos for Cardboard is a great place to start * Bohemian Rhapsody Experience: Google teamed up with Queen for this fun VR music video * NYT VR: the New York Times’ take on VR with video news reports * Star Wars: the film’s official app includes the story of Jakku Spy * Sisters: one of the scariest VR horror apps * Inside Abbey Road: virtual tour of London’s famous Abbey Road Studios * Cardboard Camera: shoot 360-degree photos with sound on your smartphone, then relive them in your headset * YouTube: the standard YouTube app, but you can watch its 360 and VR videos come to life through Cardboard * InMind VR: clever medical arcade adventure lets you travel into a patient’s brain * 6x9: the Guardian’s compelling exploration of the psychological damage caused by solitary confinement Microsoft in the Wings As well as working on the augmented-reality headset HoloLens, Microsoft is working with hardware partners to make a range of headsets for Windows PCs, starting at $299 when they go on sale in the spring of 2017. “We’re really thinking how are we going to democratise this technology, how are we going to work with these partners to build devices that can reach all price points, that can reach everyone on the planet,” Microsoft’s Terry Myserson told ZDNet. “One way you can think about these VR accessories is as an external monitor. It’s not technically accurate, but conceptually I think it works quite well. You put on the headset and you’re looking at another monitor.” Accessories A slew of other virtual reality products are coming onto the market beyond the big-name headsets. The early success of Oculus Rift on Kickstarter has made the crowdfunding site a focus for VR startups touting interesting hardware. From headsets (Impression Pi, ANTVR, Cmoar, Opto, FOVE) to controllers (STEM System, Control VR, Gloveone, iMotion) there are plenty of projects to explore, although be warned -- the Oculus, HTC, Sony and Samsung devices receive the lion’s share of attention, so you’ll need to research developer support for each device to work out if it’s compatible with your system before committing your cash. There is also the OSVR project by gaming hardware company Razer, which is trying to create open standards around VR so that people can mix and match different headsets and accessories. For now, there are two versions of its prototype hacker development kit available to buy, although Razer is hoping manufacturers will use its standards to make their own headsets. How Do You Film VR? The cameras and editing software needed to film and then knit together VR footage involve a whole other level of complexity and expense. At $45,000, Nokia’s OZO camera is out of most people’s price range but is a good example of the kind of kit that professional film-makers are using. More affordable is Samsung’s Gear 360 spherical camera, which costs $350, and which has front and rear lenses to capture 180-degree shots both horizontally and vertically to create panoramic video or photo. It’s still an expensive gadget for an average person, but if you want to explore making your own VR videos, it’s a good starting point. There are a number of other 360-degree cameras available, like the Ricoh Theta S, Kodak Pixpro SP360 4K Action Cam, LG 360 Cam, Giroptic 360cam and the Vuze Camera. It’s also worth keeping tabs on crowdfunding sites such as Kickstarter and Indiegogo as new camera projects pop up regularly. 360 vs. Virtual Reality The terms “360” and “virtual reality” are often used interchangeably, but there are important differences. The 360-degree photos and videos are panoramic pics and videos that have been stitched together, so you can turn your head to look around you. But these aren’t virtual worlds: you don’t have free movement to explore them as you do in full virtual reality experiences. All VR devices offer a mixture of both, however: you can watch 360 videos or explore virtual worlds with Oculus Rift or Google Cardboard. Augmented Reality vs. Virtual Reality There are other headsets that let you experience digital wizardry but offer a different experience called augmented reality. While virtual reality is about immersing you in an entirely virtual world, viewed through a screen in your headset, the real world outside you isn’t part of the experience -- at least not until you trip over the cat or accidentally knock out your child while immersed elsewhere. But augmented reality, as the name suggests, is about augmenting or adding to reality reality. You might be looking at your cat or up your street, but there could be digital characters and content overlaid on them. Glass, the high-tech spectacles launched by Google in 2014, were an AR device, but the company has given up on trying to sell as a mainstream idea. More hardware is on the way, however: Microsoft’s HoloLens will be the augmented reality equivalent of PlayStation VR and with a similar emphasis on gaming; the popular Minecraft has been one of the key demos for it. Meanwhile, a Florida-based startup called Magic Leap has raised an astonishing $1.4bn in funding for its AR headset and technology, giving only a few teasers on what it looks like and how it will work. For now, the most affordable way to try augmented reality is through smartphone apps, which overlay text and graphics on the feed from the camera. The game Pokémon Go and the face-mangling lenses in Snapchat both use augmented reality. Others are more specific: the DFS Sofa and Room Planner (see how a new sofa might look in your living room), Plane Finder AR (see where that plane overhead is going by pointing your camera at it) and Mardles (make 3D characters jump out of stickers for kids). Virtual Reality Beyond Gaming Games loom large in modern-day VR, partly because the original Oculus Rift and PlayStation VR headsets were made primarily for gamers, and also because games are the most easily-understandable entertainment category to show off this technology. But as Mark Zuckerberg explained after announcing Facebook was buying Oculus VR, there’s a lot more to this than just games. “This is just the start. After games, we’re going to make Oculus a platform for many other experiences. Imagine enjoying a court side seat at a game, studying in a classroom of students and teachers all over the world or consulting with a doctor face-to-face -- just by putting on goggles in your home,” wrote Zuckerberg. “This is really a new communication platform. By feeling truly present, you can share unbounded spaces and experiences with the people in your life. Imagine sharing not just moments with your friends online, but entire experiences and adventures.” Journalism and Filmmaking Hundreds of developers are working on VR games, but there is lots of activity around other kinds of entertainment and media too. Journalists, filmmakers and a growing number of documentary-makers are using 360-degree cameras to find new angles on stories, if you’ll pardon the pun. Filmmaker Chris Milk set up his virtual reality company in 2014 to produce and distribute VR documentaries, and offers films shot in New York, Cuba and even Syria. “I’m not interested in the novelty factor,” Milk told the Guardian in 2015. “I’m interested in the foundations for a medium that could be more powerful than cinema, than theatre, than literature, than any other medium we’ve had before to connect one human being to another.” Traditional media companies have also experimented with VR journalism, from the New York Times VR films to the Guardian’s 6x9 project, which explores solitary confinement. As the cost of shooting and editing VR footage comes down, expect to see more media companies exploring the potential. Social Media When Mark Zuckerberg announced that Facebook was to buy Oculus, he said that virtual reality could be the next big social platform and connect more than a billion people. That seems a contradiction when the current version of software being created for these headsets is focused on solo experiences while wearing a device that isolates you from the people around you. Yet some companies are trying to make VR more social. Oculus has launched “ Social Beta ” software that enables people to watch online video services Twitch and Vimeo in a virtual cinema with other people. It has also showed off Toybox, a prototype virtual toy-room where two people can interact with a range of objects together. Tech startups are exploring social VR too. AltspaceVR wants people to “be together in a more natural way than a phone call, text or video chat” by creating avatars and wandering around its virtual worlds, and is available for some headsets already. Its rival vTime is available for Gear VR, Oculus Rift and Google Cardboard, styling itself as a “sociable network” for people to meet up for avatar-based chat. Sports and Music Would you watch a football match or music concert in a virtual world? A number of companies hope so, and are busy building the technology. NextVR is focusing on sport and entertainment, and has already worked on the US Open tennis tournament and several boxing matches, as well as a live Coldplay gig. It is preparing to produce a series of music concerts with live promoter Live Nation. Another company, Voke, is working with stars including Ricky Martin and Marc Anthony, while LiveLike wants to broadcast sports matches in VR for friends to watch together while chatting. British broadcaster Sky recently launched a Google Cardboard app, which includes a sports show fronted by David Beckham alongside news reports and videos from Disney and Star Wars. Tourism One of the key selling points for VR technology is its ability to put you in places you’re unlikely to visit in the flesh, whether too expensive, too dangerous, out of bounds because of mobility issues or just because you don’t like flying. You can already use VR to climb Everest, explore the Grand Canyon, take a Gondola ride in Venice and watch a range of startling 360-degree videos published by wearable-cameras firm GoPro from around the world. Looking even further afield, Mars 2030 will let you wander around the surface of Mars. Oculus VR sees the potential in virtual travel. “There’s clearly value in real-world experiences: going to do things. That’s why we have field trips. The problem is that the majority of people will never be able to do the majority of those experiences,” claimed its founder Palmer Luckey in 2015. “People could say: ‘But visiting France virtually will never be the same as visiting Paris in the real world.’ Well, it might not be the same. What matters a lot more is that everybody is able to experience it.” Medical and Therapeutic Virtual reality technology is also being explored by the healthcare industry. Medical Realities is a company using VR, AR and games to train medical students, with its Virtual Surgeon programme enabling them to experience operations from the surgeon’s perspective. The company live-streamed an operation earlier this year to test its tech. Osso VR, meanwhile, has developed surgery simulation for trainees, which works with Oculus Rift and HTC Vive. The Los Angeles Cedars-Sinai hospital is also exploring whether VR can have therapeutic value, helping patients relax by flying above Iceland in a helicopter or swimming with whales, while MindMaze is making VR software that could play a role in the rehabilitation of stroke, spinal-cord injury and amputee patients. Adult Entertainment Well, this was inevitable. Porn producers are famous early adopters of new audio/visual technology, and that trend has continued into VR. From point-of-view videos to animated sex simulations -- and even a dedicated VR category on popular site PornHub -- if there’s money to be made from virtual reality, chances are the adult-entertainment industry will find it first. Even if the results are “ cold, silly, downright terrifying ” for some viewers. What Next? As a technology, virtual reality already has decades of experimentation (and hype) behind it, even if it is still early days for this latest generation of devices. That means you can expect the technology to improve rapidly, while the first few waves of apps and games are still figuring out how to make the most of it. There’s a good argument for waiting until the technology, and the content created for it, is more established, more compelling and cheaper. But equally, there’s delight to be had in being one of the first to explore a whole new virtual world of entertainment, information and communication, as thousands of developers, games designers and filmmakers explore the medium and its new creative potential. Whether you’re an enthusiast, a sceptic, or somewhere in the middle, 2017 is going to be a big year in figuring out the real potential for this technology. When your grandkids ask where you were virtual reality took off, what will you say? © 2016 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: Google, Google Glass, Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality, Daydream View, Oculus Rift, HTC Vive, Sony Playstation VR, Samsung Gear VR, Personal Tech, Tech Gifts Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: vrtime: Posted: 2016-11-20 @ 3:10am PT I have only tried a gear vr but I'm building a new pc and want a rift. The gear vr was amazing for a while and is still good for watching movies on planes and but it's just not too immersion with the screen door, graphics etc. How much better is the oculus than the gear? TOP STORIES NOW 1. Tesla, SolarCity Merger Approved 2. Musk: Satellite-Powered Internet 3. Pluto Has a Cold Wandering Heart 4. Smart Speakers: Convenient, Creepy 5. Lyft Lifts Off with New Look, Beacons MAY INTEREST YOU Your data is your most valuable asset, so Find out how to disaster-proof it with eVault, providing data backup and recovery for business. MORE IN INNOVATION 1. Smart Speakers: Convenient, Creepy 2. TubeMogul Acquired by Adobe 3. The Complete Guide to Virtual Reality 4. Daydream View: Controller Is Key 5. Lost Factory Jobs? Blame Robots Next Article > SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2016 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google plans to remove the 'In the news' section from its desktop search following 'fake news' criticism Nathan McAlone Nov. 19, 2016, 1:50 PM 3,872 facebook linkedin twitter email print Following criticism over fake news on its platform, Google plans to remove its "In the news" section from the top of desktop search results in a matter of weeks, according to a source familiar with the matter.  It will be replaced by a carousel of "Top stories" similar to what now exists on mobile. This move had been planned for quite some time, the source said. The removal of the word "news" will, hopefully, help draw a sharper line between Google's human-vetted Google News product, and its main search product.  Earlier this week, Google faced scrutiny when one of its top results for “final election count” was fake news. The top result in Google Search's “In the news” section was a Wordpress blog named “70 News,” which falsely claimed Trump won the popular vote by a margin of almost 700,000. He didn’t. Here's what it looked like: Business Insider Many thought that Google News, the company's news section that requires publications to be approved by a committee to get in, had been duped. But actually, it hadn't. What had been fooled was Google's "In the news" module, which sits at the top of news-related search pages, and pulls "newsy" stories from across the web, not just sites that have been approved by Google News' team. In this case, "70 News" hadn't been vetted by Google News. Google’s search results, in contrast to Google News, are not assessed for “truth.” Google’s algorithms still do a good job at sniffing out fake news sites because Google is set up to catch “spam.” But Google’s algorithms will likely never be perfect at telling what information on a website is inaccurate. Google does want to try to get fake news completely off search as well, however. “From our perspective, there should just be no situation where fake news gets distributed, so we are all for doing better here,” Google CEO Sundar Pichai said recently. After the issue of fake news entered the spotlight after the election, Google also announced it would ban fake-news sites from its ad network, choking off their revenue.  To better understand the difference between Google News and Google Search, here's more comprehensive look at Google's fake-news problem. SEE ALSO: Google does a better job with fake news than Facebook, but there's a big loophole it hasn't fixed NOW WATCH: Here's why you should never deep-fry a frozen turkey Loading video... More: Google Fake news Google News Google Search facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google plans to remove the 'In the news' section from its desktop search following 'fake news' criticism Google plans to remove the 'In the news' section from its desktop search following 'fake news' criticism Following criticism over fake news on its... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › arts › tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical movies home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Strictly Come Dancing Strictly Come Dancing: week nine – as it happened It’s Blackpool time! From the Judge Rinder salsa to Spice Up Your Life and the Ed Balls jive to Great Balls of Fire, we followed every second of this year’s Strictly seaside special Updated Ed Balls of Fire! Photograph: BBC/Guy Levy Heidi Stephens Saturday 19 November 2016 15.18 EST Last modified on Sunday 20 November 2016 05.50 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Live feed Show 3.11pm EST 15:11 So that’s it for Blackpool Week! Thank you so much for adding your own brand of joy to this evening’s blog, it makes it a good deal more entertaining than my ramblings. I’m off to read all your comments, but I’ll be back here at 7.15pm tomorrow for the Results Show - enjoy the rest of your Saturday, and I’ll see you then! Hx Updated at 3.41pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.10pm EST 15:10 Performing on Stricty tomorrow – Simple Minds and Rick Astley. Literally every other act from the last 30 years was unavailable. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.08pm EST 15:08 The voting is open! It’s time for a recap – the daughter is voting for Ore and Joanne, Ed and Katya and Greg and Natalie. Some great dances tonight, but I reckon it could be Claudia/Greg for the Dance Off tonight, which means Greg’s time might finally be up. Or is it Ed’s turn to leave the dancefloor? NOOOO. Look at him. Look at this little face. Great Ed Balls (of fire) Photograph: BBC Updated at 3.18pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.06pm EST 15:06 Scores: 8,9,8,8 – a total of 33 for Judge Rinder and Oksana. The scoring tonight has been even more bonkers than usual. Updated at 3.09pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.04pm EST 15:04 Craig thought it was hip-tastic, and wants to call him Judge Grindr from now on. Pah, the comment box has been doing that for WEEKS. Darcey loved the Oksana dead lift, and Len thought it was a sweet-smelling Salsa, but Rinder’s timing went awry. Bruno thought it was bootylicious, and it was a fantastic way to end the show. Updated at 3.14pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.03pm EST 15:03 HE ILLUMINATED BLACKPOOL! THAT’S A FULL HOUSE! DRINK DRINK DRINK! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.02pm EST 15:02 Already this is amazing, if a little offensive on the eyeballs. Rinder has epic Salsa hips, and some great footwork, although his Salsa Sex Face is making me a bit queasy. He looks a bit lost after the lift, so just does a bit of sideways twerking and a cartwheel to finish. Bit of a shambles, but great fun. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.59pm EST 14:59 And FINALLY, it’s Judge Rinder and Oksana! This week they’re dancing the Salsa to ‘Spice Up Your Life’ by Spice Girls, and I fully expect this to be an entirely brilliant and camptastic finale to tonight’s special. Love Rinder, love this song, not that fussed about the Salsa - we’ve seen so many pimped-up versions this series I’m no longer sure what a Salsa is supposed to look like. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.58pm EST 14:58 Scores: 8,8,8,8 – a total of 32 for Greg and Natalie. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.57pm EST 14:57 Bruno thought it was bubbly and bouncy, and he loved seeing Greg having a good time, but his footwork needs a little refinement. Craig thought there was too much height and it was all a bit bouncy, and his thumb was sticking out, but otherwise brilliant. Darcey loved Greg’s bounce on the sprung floor (DRINK), and Len loved how Greg maintained his frame, but he mucked up the leap. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.54pm EST 14:54 So Greg is doing the hand jive from Grease, with bonus Quickstep. His footwork is great, but the transitions between in and out of hold are a bit laboured and he’s still got a touch of the pigeon toes. That said, Greg is the most improved dancer this year, and I’d love to see him make the final. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.51pm EST 14:51 It’s time for Greg and Natalie! This week they’re dancing the Quickstep to ‘Hand Jive’ by Sha Na Na. After a dance-off close shave last week, I think Greg’s in danger of going home this week, so this needs to be pretty special. Also that dancefloor is massive compared to the studio, so he’s got some travelling to do. JUMP, Greg. BINGO BONUS: down the contents of your glass if any of the judges describe this as a “kiss-me-Quickstep”. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.50pm EST 14:50 Scores: 4,6,7,6 – a total of 23 for Ed and Katya. Boo. I’m not sure Claudia and AJ’s Jive was much better than that. Updated at 2.51pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.48pm EST 14:48 Len thought Ed made Blackpool ROCK! DRINK! Bruno thought Ed was strangely addictive, and most of it looked like a Jive. Craig thought it looked like Ed was playing hopscotch in a girls’ school, but he loves his commitment. Darcey loved the energy, although Ed needed more retraction in his kicks. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.46pm EST 14:46 Ed descends from the rafters on a burning piano, and does as little dancing as possible. Once it finally gets started, it’s a joyously dad-dancing clunky Jive, with some nice air piano-playing and general silliness. As a Jive, it’s mostly terrible. As an antidote to the hell of 2016, it’s the tonic in my gin. VOTE ED. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 4 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Strictly Come Dancing Entertainment Reality TV Television Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts selected movies tv & radio selected music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Arts › TV & radio › Strictly Come Dancing Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us DEAL: Best Buy will be offering Google Home for just $100 on Black Friday +5,057 Andrew Myrick Nov 19th, 2016 Google Home was introduced at Google I/O 2016 and was immediately considered to be the front-runner to Amazon’s Echo. The device was subsequently released earlier this month after the Pixel event and is now available at many major retailers. However, some are a bit taken back with the price of $130, and it seems Best Buy will be using Black Friday to offer a discount on the new product. Starting on November 24th and running through November 26th, Best Buy will be offering $30 off Google Home, bringing the price down to just $100. It’s not an astronomical amount of savings, but it’s enough to help sway someone away from the Echo and towards Google Home. If you need some help deciding whether you should purchase Google Home, check out the following recommendations and stay tuned for Phandroid’s full review. Further Reading 20 First Things to try with Google Home List of Google Home supported apps Hands on with Google Home [Best Buy] local_offer    Best Buy   Google Home   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (2) stars Further Reading Buy the Daydream View today! Third-party Google Assistant tools coming You can now buy extra bases for your Google H Google Home is a giant Chromecast with speaker attached Google Home is now available stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 2 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 3 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 5 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 6 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 7 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. 8 more_vert700 million Chinese phones may be intentional close700 million Chinese phones may be intentionally spying on you We’re not sure what’s up with all the questionable data gathering practices in China, but another episode of privacy-busting spyware is plaguing phones from the country. 9 more_vertRumored OnePlus 4 specs surface closeRumor: OnePlus 4 coming with 8GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, Quad HD display, and more If the OnePlus 3T is considered an incremental upgrade, then the OnePlus 4 — if these latest rumors are to be believed — can be pegged as a bombshell. 10 more_vertTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now a closeTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now available for free on the Samsung Gear S2 The unique and intuitive TouchOne keyboard suffered some unfortunate delays for its Gear S2 launch, but if you’ve been waiting patiently for it you’ll be happy to learn that it’s available in the Samsung Galaxy Apps store starting today Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
null
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Charging Speed Test: OnePlus 3T VS. Google Pixel XL By R Padla - November 19, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter The OnePlus 3T is the latest from the Chinese OEM. It’s one variant of the OnePlus 3 flagship that is poised to rival the latest Google Pixel XL as premium phones. OnePlus is proud to announce the Dash Charge as one of the fastest charging technologies today. In a short video clip posted on YouTube, OnePlus compares the OnePlus 3T and and the Google Pixel XL. Even before watching it, we knew that the OnePlus 3T would be faster. Of course, the Chinese OEM was the one who posted the video. OnePlus 3T comes equipped with 3400mAh while the Pixel has 3450mAh battery. That’s only a slight difference but watch how fast each can charge the battery. The OnePlus 3T reached 56% within half an hour while the Google Pixel XL only 49%. After an hour, the Pixel XL hits 70% while the OnePlus 3T is almost full at 96%. Full percentage is reached after another 30 minutes (1.5 hours) by the OnePlus 3T while the Pixel XL is still at 92%. After another half an hour, the Pixel XL finally reaches 100 percent. So the Dash Charge is faster than the Quick Charge 3.0 on the Google phone? Yes, in this case. We’re interested though if the result will be the same. We’re not sure if the processors also have something to do the speed but we’re impressed with the OnePlus 3T’s results. SOURCE: OnePlus Story Timeline Dash Charge trademark filed by OnePlus, could be a new charging solution OnePlus 3 Dash Charge proprietary cable, adapter required to use OnePlus Dash Charge binary to be released next month OnePlus shows off OnePlus 3 Dash Charge vs Galaxy S7 in video TAGS Android Google Pixel XL OnePlus OnePlus 3T quick charge Smartphone Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,427FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,747FollowersFollow 59,591SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Networking Google Wifi wireless router: The smart person's guide Our comprehensive guide about the Google Wifi wireless router includes its specifications and features, and what it means for small businesses and home use. By Jack Wallen | November 19, 2016, 8:45 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Google Wifi wireless router Image: James Martin/CNET Google is a leader in innovation. From the Pixel devices, Google Home, and now Google Wifi, the big Alphabet is bringing more and better technology into homes and businesses. Google's new take on the router should be something everyone considers. Google Wifi promises to make wireless networking smarter and more efficient, with attic to basement coverage that won't drop or randomly grow weak and disappear. Couple that with an app designed to help you manage your wireless network, and Google might be ready to offer up the smartest wireless router on the market. We'll update this Google Wifi resource guide as new information about the router is available. SEE: Check out all of TechRepublic's smart person's guides (TechRepublic) Executive summary What it is: Google Wifi is a next-generation wireless router that promises to be smarter and more reliable, and offer better coverage than the competition. When available, you can purchase the router in a 1-pack or a 3-pack. Why it matters: For too long, router technology has suffered from stagnant development. Google aims to bring the wireless router to the modern age, which should finally make home and small business routing more reliable and intelligent. Who it affects: Google Wifi will mostly appeal to consumers, but anyone with a small business in a space that's smaller than 4,500 square feet will also benefit from this technology. When this is happening: Google Wifi was announced October 4, 2016. The official release date of Google Wifi is December 6, 2016. How to take advantage of Google Wifi: If you want to hop onto the Google Wifi bandwagon as soon as the devices are released, you can join the waitlist. Additional resources: Google Wi-Fi aims to improve your home's wireless network (ZDNet) Google Wifi router promises wall-to-wall wireless for less (CNET) Explore the CNET Smart Home (CNET) TechRepublic to partner with CNET and City of Louisville to connect smart cities to professionals and their living spaces (TechRepublic) What it is Google Wifi is a wireless router that goes well beyond the standard feature set of such a device. One of the key features of Google Wifi is seamless coverage throughout your home or small business. This solves a problem that many consumers have suffered for years: spotty wireless signals. Google achieves this by allowing you to join multiple Google Wifi units together to ensure there isn't a single dead zone in your location. More about Networking Gartner's 10 big trends that will change how IT operates How to deploy a Samba domain controller in under 10 minutes Real-world server room nightmares Subscribe to TechRepublic's Data Center Trends newsletter The Wifi units include software called Network Assist that makes sure you always have the strongest signal possible by constantly selecting the clearest wireless channel. When using multiple "points," Network Assist will seamlessly transition your device to the closest Wi-Fi point to ensure the best connection possible. The devices were also designed to meet the demanding needs of modern usage—that translates to streaming. Google's goal was to create a wireless router that could stream, download, and share from multiple devices simultaneously, without your network speed taking a hit. Another standout feature is the Google WiFi app. With this app, you can easily share your Wi-Fi password, see what devices are online, prioritize devices for increased performance, and pause your signal to specific devices (think parental control). Google Wifi's specs: Network ports: 2 Gigabit Ethernet ports per unit (ports can be configured as WAN or LAN) Memory: 512 MB RAM, 4 GB eMMC flash Processor: Quad-Core ARM CPU, each core up to 710 MHz Dimensions: Height: 2.70 inch, Diameter: 4.17 inch Google Wifi can be purchased in either a 1-pack (which will cover locations up to 1,500 square feet) or a 3-pack (which will cover locations up to 4,500 square feet). The 1-pack will sell for $129.00 USD, and the 3-pack will sell for $299.00 USD. Additional resources: Google Fiber pivots: What it means for the future of gigabit internet (TechRepublic) Google Pixel phone: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) Chromebooks: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) Google Assistant: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) Why it matters The router has worked in the background for decades...all the while, remaining an unintelligent piece of hardware that does little more than route packages either through a network cable or a wireless signal. Considering how far nearly every other piece of technology has come, it only makes sense that the router finally get its chance to evolve. That is precisely what Google has done with Google Wifi. Older router technology (especially at the consumer level) struggles to keep up with the ever-growing demands we place on our wireless networks. From streaming television, games, music, cloud storage, and much more, old-school routers don't stand a chance. The time to evolve wireless technology is long past overdue, and Google Wifi might be exactly what we need to shore up wireless connectivity, especially in larger locations. Additional resources: AT&T launches new Fiber brand, will bring fiber internet to 11 more metro areas (TechRepublic) AT&T to deliver gigabit wireless internet on power lines with new Project AirGig (TechRepublic) Google looks to boost last mile Fiber efforts with wireless broadband (TechRepublic) 6 things you need to know about 802.11ac Wave 2 (TechRepublic) Who it affects Google Wifi is targeted mainly for consumer home usage. With the ability to create a mesh network within your home, you won't suffer dead zones so that you can enjoy seamless wireless throughout. This new technology is especially important for consumers who experience dropped or reduced wireless connections within their homes. But don't think Google Wifi is relegated to home use only. If you have a small business (again, in a space that's less than 4,500 square feet), and you're looking for an inexpensive way to get full wireless coverage, you would likely benefit from Google Wifi, especially if your building seems to suffer constant wireless interference. With Wifi's built-in ability to automatically switch to the clearest available channel, your wireless signal will always be at its strongest. Additional resources: New report shows most people still hate their broadband provider, opens door for new disruptors (TechRepublic) Twisted light encoding may boost fiber optic bandwidth in a big way (TechRepublic) Why a modern security strategy demands endpoint protection (TechRepublic) Fiber channel networking: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) Google Home review: A promising step toward the future (ZDNet) Five ways small companies can get ahead through technology sharing (Tech Pro Research) When this is happening The wait is almost over—you can pre-order in November 2016, and the official release date is December 6, 2016. The devices will be available in the US, Canada, and the UK. Google Wifi will be sold through the Google Store and at numerous retailers, including Amazon, Best Buy, and Walmart. Additional resources: Google Wi-Fi aims to improve your home's wireless network (ZDNet) Google wants to bring affordable, public Wi-Fi to the world (ZDNet) How to take advantage of Google Wifi You will only need to order a 1-pack or a 3-pack when Google Wifi becomes available. There will be no contract to sign, and you will not have to subscribe to a service. Although the official app has yet to become available, my guess is that you will have to associate Google Wifi with your Google account for better management. Additional resources: Google Wifi app (Google) Video: See Google's new Wifi hub (CNET) Don't worry — your OnHub router will work with Google Wifi (CNET) Keep up with the latest in tech innovations by subscribing to our Next Big Thing newsletter. Subscribe Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Jack Wallen Jack Wallen is an award-winning writer for TechRepublic and Linux.com. He’s an avid promoter of open source and the voice of The Android Expert. For more news about Jack Wallen, visit his website jackwallen.com. Full Bio Contact See all of Jack's content Google+ jlwallen × Full Bio Jack Wallen is an award-winning writer for TechRepublic and Linux.com. He’s an avid promoter of open source and the voice of The Android Expert. For more news about Jack Wallen, visit his website jackwallen.com. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Travel and business expense policy Project prioritization tool: An automated workbook IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The 10 Richest People in the U.S. Investors everywhere can learn a few key lessons by studying the lives and habits of these rich Americans. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Nov 19, 2016 at 11:41AM Image source: Getty Images. As lifelong students of business and investing, we Fools maintain there's plenty to be learned by studying the habits and career arcs of the world's most successful people. This makes eminent sense. As you'll see below, the richest people in the U.S are disproportionately self-made entrepreneurs. What's more, they found themselves in the right place at the right time -- their early careers often intersect with the dawn of new industries -- and with the necessary skills to translate an idea into a mass-market enterprise. Having a background in technology clearly doesn't hurt either. Here's how the list of the richest Americans breaks down today: Name Estimated Net Worth Bill Gates $82 billion Warren Buffett $70 billion Jeff Bezos $64 billion Mark Zuckerberg $51 billion Larry Ellison $49 billion Michael Bloomberg $43 billion Charles Koch $42 billion David Koch $42 billion Larry Page $38 billion Sergey Brin $38 billion Data source: Forbes. Nos. 9 and 10: Larry Page and Sergey Brin ($35 billion and $34 billion, respectively) Since their wealth remains so interconnected, we'll group Larry Page's and Sergey Brin's stories as a single entry. Together, Page and Brin co-founded Google, now traded under its holding company name Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL). They met and developed the idea and technology for Google while completing their Ph.D.s at Stanford. Both maintain active roles within Alphabet's upper ranks today: Page serves as CEO, and Brin as president and director of the company's moonshot program Google X. Thanks to Alphabet's three-tiered stock structure, Brin, Page, and executive chairman Eric Schmidt control the overwhelming majority of its voting power and, as a result, the tech giant's future direction. Nos. 7 and 8: David Koch and Charles Koch ($39 billion each) Like Page and Brin, multibillionaire brothers Charles and David Koch also derive their immense fortunes from a single source -- Koch Industries, founded by their father in 1940. Today Charles serves as acting CEO and chairman, and David holds the role of executive vice president. They purchased their other two brothers' stakes in 1983, and Charles and David now control an estimated 84% of the diversified industrials giant, which runs a mix of companies involved in chemicals refining, manufacturing, and investments. The second-largest privately held company in the U.S., the Wichita-based Koch Industries (according to a Forbes estimate) employs 100,000 people and produces revenues of over $100 billion. No. 6: Michael Bloomberg ($40 billion) Michael Bloomberg is the only member of the list whose career spans business and elected office, and his towering fortune is just part of his broader legacy. Bloomberg founded his eponymously named Bloomberg LP using severance money he received from the now-defunct investment bank Salomon Brothers. Expanding on a financial database project he had developed while at the bank, Bloomberg struck out on his own, eventually creating the financial data and media giant that would make him one of Earth's richest people. In the early 2000s, Bloomberg ran for Mayor of New York City, winning election to the position in 2002, 2006, and 2010. Like a number of other names on this list, Bloomberg is a signee of The Giving Pledge, in which signees promise to donate 99% of their net worth to charitable causes when they pass away. No. 5: Larry Ellison ($43 billion) The theme of technology billionaires continues with Larry Ellison , the founder, CTO, and chairman of database giant Oracle (NYSE:ORCL). Ellison founded Oracle in 1977, in part thanks to a CIA contract to develop the relational databases that made Oracle into a tech-industry powerhouse. A noted philanthropist and adventurer, Ellison signed The Giving Pledge and has supported numerous charitable causes and public events; his lavish funding of Team USA in the America's Cup stands as just one noteworthy example. No. 4: Mark Zuckerberg ($44 billion) Another interesting trend in this list is the prominence of college dropouts like Mark Zuckerberg, who founded Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) from his college dorm room at Harvard. He left college to help grow Facebook, which has become one of the fastest-growing and most successful tech companies of all time. Over 1 billion users access Facebook on a daily basis, an incredible level of engagement that supports one of the most lucrative advertising operations in business today. In recent years, the Facebook CEO and chairman has also added philanthropic endeavors to his areas of interest. Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan have also signed The Giving Pledge. No. 3: Jeff Bezos ($45 billion) After leaving a career on Wall Street, Bezos founded e-commerce powerhouse Amazon.com in 1994, in the nascent days of the internet. Harnessing the web's massive commercial potential at a time when few appreciated it, Bezos has grown Amazon from a humble seller of books online into one of the world's most powerful and innovative companies. Along the way, Bezos and Amazon have helped upend industries as varied as entertainment, computing infrastructure, and online shipping. What's more, the company Bezos created is only getting started. It continues to expand its presence internationally, and sees a major potential opportunity in the global logistics and fulfillment business, among many others. In his spare time, Bezos has translated his lifelong love of space into his company Blue Origin, which he hopes will help usher in an era of space tourism. No. 2: Warren Buffett ($60 billion) In case you didn't know it, we Fools adore the Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK.B) CEO and chairman in equal parts for his investing prowess and for his principled perspective on life in general. An investing prodigy, Buffett learned his trade under Benjamin Graham -- one of the pioneers of value or fundamental investing -- while a student at Columbia Business School, where Buffett reportedly earned the only A+ Graham ever awarded to one of his MBA students. Buffett then honed his investing skills in New York and in a private partnership he ran from his hometown in Omaha, Nebraska. After winding down his investment partnership in 1969, Buffett focused his professional attention entirely on growing Berkshire alongside his legendary partner Charlie Munger. Throughout the years, Buffett invested and profited greatly from a varied roster of companies including GEICO, The Washington Post Company (now Graham Holdings), Coca-Cola, See's Candies, NetJets, Burlington Northern Santa Fe, and many more. Like some others on this list, Buffett is a signee of The Giving Pledge. No. 1: Bill Gates ($75 billion) Last but certainly not least, Bill Gates co-founded and led software behemoth Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), which has made him one of the richest people on Earth for the better part of the last 20 years. Tracing a path that Zuckerberg would later follow, Gates dropped out of Harvard to help seize what few then understood to be Microsoft's world-changing opportunity at the dawn of the PC era. Gates acted as CEO until 2000, when he handed the reins to his longtime lieutenant Steve Ballmer (also a billionaire), to shift his focus toward philanthropic endeavors. Gates and his wife Melinda were founders and signees of The Giving Pledge, and their Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has donated nearly $40 billion since its inception to a host of philanthropic initiatives. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. Andrew Tonner has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares), Berkshire Hathaway (B shares), and Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft and Oracle. The Motley Fool recommends Coca-Cola and Graham Holdings. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Nov 19, 2016 at 11:41AM Consumer Goods Stocks Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $236,391.00 down $-1,159.00 (-0.49%) Oracle NYSE:ORCL $39.86 down $0.39 (-0.97%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $60.35 down $0.29 (-0.48%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $775.97 down $-10.19 (-1.30%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $117.02 down $0.77 (-0.65%) Coca-Cola NYSE:KO $40.91 down $0.21 (-0.51%) Graham Holdings NYSE:GHC $479.20 up $1.75 (0.37%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $760.54 down $-10.69 (-1.39%) Berkshire Hathaway Inc. New NYSE:BRK.B $157.75 down $0.64 (-0.40%) Read More Synutra International, Inc. Shares Pop on Its Big News A Reduced Payout Could Be Coming for These High-Yield Dividend Stocks Two Things Investors Might Have Missed in the Markets This Week 9 Indra Nooyi Quotes on Leadership, Diversity, and Business That Will Make You a Better Investor Is Cutting the Cord With Cable Worth It? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
clock menu more-arrow Daydream Nation How Google made its View VR headset a reality by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy Nov 18, 2016, 1:47pm EST Photos by Vjeran Pavic share tweet Linkedin It’s a couple of weeks before the Daydream View headset launches, and at Google’s Mountain View headquarters, the team has filled a room with pieces of its past. The tables are littered with fabric swatches, molded foam shells, and things that look like clunky black carnival masks — actually, early 3D-printed mockups of the View’s face section. Someone has dumped out a boxful of little plastic discs in varying shapes and sizes, marked with curt admonitions: edge too sharp on one, buttons don’t make sense on another. I’ve seen dozens of VR prototypes from various companies, research facilities, and private tinkerers in the past few years. Overwhelmingly, they’re technological proofs of concept. When Valve created a mini-museum commemorating the development of its Vive headset, for instance, it was essentially a timeline of different motion tracking systems. But Daydream is different. Its basic premise isn’t far from the basic Cardboard platform that Google launched in 2014, albeit with a major performance boost and a new controller. Instead of the next big tech advance, the Daydream View team has spent the last year and a half poring over ways to bring a futuristic technology down to earth. Virtual reality has always been tinged with science fiction. In some ways, this is a good thing — images of the Matrix and the Holodeck have consistently fueled interest in the technology, even when it was primitive and largely inaccessible. But it’s also a sign that real, everyday VR doesn’t yet fit into most people’s lives. Headsets are great at trade shows, but not the comfort of our homes. Google’s answer to this has been the Daydream View, potentially the first of several Daydream headsets. Google VR lead Clay Bavor describes Daydream as a "fanciful" platform, and the View is supposed to embody one manifestation of that: a super-soft device based on the world of clothing, not consumer electronics. But while Google is in the middle of a huge push to make its own hardware, this is still largely uncharted territory — for it or almost anyone else. The Daydream View was conceived in mid-2015, about a year after Google publicly got into the virtual reality game. Its Google Cardboard experiment had stripped VR down to its most basic elements: a mobile phone, a pair of magnifying lenses, and a cardboard case that held the two together. Cardboard helped kickstart a boom in mobile VR, but it had inherent limitations. Users had to physically hold the headsets up to their faces, and interaction was limited to head pointing and a single control button. But outside Google, the only other options at that point were relatively clunky, expensive, and — in most cases — still awaiting a consumer launch. "We had just come off from a lot of success in Google Cardboard, which is a very simple device, and kind of seen what was coming out in the industry, but nothing had really taken flight yet," says Andrew Nartker, product manager for Daydream and Google VR. "Two things that people weren’t really, we think, doing justice to — or solving in a way that could scale to everybody — were comfort and interaction." The core "tech" of Daydream View is just a double funnel and some lenses Google Google’s starting point for the View was a stripped-down frame that made even Cardboard seem baroque, however. It looks like a double funnel made of cheap yellowish-white plastic, and it’s essentially the primordial VR headset: just add lenses to one side and clip a phone to the other. The View incorporates features like an NFC chip that sends the phone into VR mode, but this shape is the core headset "technology" — the bit designed to actually get people into VR. As the room full of prototypes suggests, making that process pleasant was the hard part. When the Google Pixel, the first Daydream phone, came out, reviewers dinged its bland design. But when the Daydream team talks about the View, "generic" doesn’t seem like it would be an insult. Every part of the headset is loosely cribbed from familiar soft goods: ski goggles, shoes, T-shirts, jackets, and even things like tents and kites. "At least today, there aren’t all that many VR headsets out in the world," says Bavor. "We have borrowed from things that people already wear." For all that, there’s no piece of clothing with the exact requirements of a virtual reality headset. Headsets are heavier than just about any pair of sporting goggles, particularly with the big-screen phones that work best in mobile VR. Fit and balance are an ongoing problem, especially for people with glasses — a population that includes Bavor himself. At the same time, Google didn’t want to overwhelm people with adjustments and fitting options, including ubiquitous over-the-head strap. "It’s intimidating to a lot of new users," says Nartker. "There’s not a lot of products that exist in the market today that have a mohawk top strap." In fact, getting rid of it was a core goal. Solid colors and mesh lost out to heathered tones As reviews like mine noted, the single band is one of the most difficult View elements to get used to. But it could have been much worse — and much heavier. Ironically, the seemingly bare-bones double funnel used too much plastic, so it was replaced by an even more skeletal frame. 3D-printed masks tested the distribution of pressure over the face, aiming to spread it evenly across wearers’ foreheads and cheekbones. Extra space around the eyes was added, in order to better accommodate glasses. Then the masks were reproduced in a lighter combination of foam and fabric, which shipped with the final View. The band was angled precisely in order to distribute the weight best; in different prototypes, you can spot the way it’s been tilted it up and down by a few degrees. "Things we thought were cooler, better, more interesting, actually weren’t." Physical comfort, in the form of weight and fit, wasn’t the only concern. People needed to be able to look at the device and immediately know what to do with it, especially if they were new to VR. Unexpected flourishes — even elegant ones — had to be pared down. Take, for example, the Daydream View fastener, which holds the phone into the headset. As it stands, the View uses an elastic loop on the front panel, which stretches across a hook on the top. But the team also tested snaps and zippers, as well as a magnet design that would have created a seamless seal. "We love magnets at Google. Magnets were exciting," Nartker recalls fondly. Without an obvious fastener like the elastic tab, though, people didn’t understand how the phone was supposed to fit. "A bunch of user tests showed us that the other things we thought were cooler, better, more interesting, actually weren’t." Clothing manufacturing was also unfamiliar to Google, and it came with its own challenges. In an average piece of clothing, "if the stitch is a few millimeters off but it’s a straight line, it’s fine," says Daydream View product manager Sandeep Waraich. "In consumer electronics, every millimeter counts." Among other things, Google worked with manufacturers on a laser leveling system that would make lining up the grain of the fabric easier. But the difficulty of working with cloth is one reason that you can only buy the View in three different tones of the same heathered texture, not a plethora of different patterns. Like a lot of Google’s prototype elements, looking at early color swatches inspires a twinge of wistfulness. It makes sense that the company abandoned less flexible materials like suede, and nixed a brightly colored mesh that failed to block out light. Solid-colored cloth apparently just looked like plastic from a distance, which undercut the aesthetic of the View. The overwhelming impression, though, is that the View could have looked so much weirder. Google took its best shot at the all-purpose hoodie of VR, but hiding behind the scenes, the motorcycle jacket and retro minidress of VR are there as well. The world just isn’t ready for them… at least not yet. Google VP of virtual reality Clay Bavor. Bavor mentions more colors as a possibility in upcoming years — I put in my own suggestion for a FiestaWare-tinged bright avocado green. But the alternate controllers Google considered are less likely to see the light of day. Developed in tandem with the headset, the earliest controller concepts look like an almost random assortment of oversized worry stones, board game tokens, and cheap cooking accessories. One is a long, flat wand, another a tiny square with a thumbprint depression. One reminds me of a makeup compact, or the deliberately surreal seashell e-reader from It Follows. They’re all exaggerated and futuristic in a way that the final controller, a straightforward Twinkie-shaped remote, isn’t. They also feel a little bit ridiculous. "Orientation tough," drily notes a critique written on several amorphous oblong shapes. Another looks like a luggage tag, with a neat hole punched in one corner; I fumble around for a few seconds, but I’m not even sure what to do with it. All of them might have reinforced the idea that VR hardware was for techies cosplaying sci-fi characters, not everyday use. There’s a reason the seashell reader wasn’t real, and there’s a reason these aren’t, either. "People love trackpads because it signals to them, it’s kind of like my phone." The Daydream team quickly decided on a solid remote shaped differently on each end, so people could easily point it the right direction. The top became a trackpad, similar to the Gear VR’s onboard controller. "People love trackpads because it signals to them, it’s kind of like my phone — versus, like, a joystick or a D-pad," says Nartker. It was slender at first, but user feedback led the team to a heftier, rounder body. "We thought we wanted a flatter, thinner design just because it’s aesthetically pleasing. But it turns out that your palm needs something to cup and hold." Unlike the rest of Daydream, where ergonomics were a thornier problem than tech, the controller also needed some serious engineering. It was based loosely on gyroscopic TV remotes, which allow for a similar pointing mechanic. But if people were using it for long periods of heavy interaction — and, after all, it aspires to be the "mouse of VR" — it needed to be more precise and less prone to drift. The remote’s guts were tested in a black brick that Nartker calls the "garage door opener," and an external case provided the near-final remote with true positional tracking, like that of the Rift or Vive. This meant that while Google was simulating full motion controls, it had a real-world standard to compare them to. The ultimate dream is that final Daydream systems will incorporate this motion tracking, ideally through cameras mounted in the phone or headset. But according to Nartker, we’re not there yet — even with inside-out tracking prototypes like Oculus’ Santa Cruz headset. "Just getting your headset tracked in space is a pretty challenging problem that nobody’s really cracked yet in the industry, let alone getting a controller to track itself in space," he says. A number of companies, including Oculus, Microsoft, and Qualcomm, have offered their take on inside-out tracking. But they don’t include advanced interactive options yet, and existing headset-mounted trackers like Leap Motion are still solving problems like reliability and range. The View isn’t the limit of Google’s ambitions, even for Daydream. Google is rumored to be working on projects like eye tracking, and Bavor confirms that the Daydream name could hypothetically apply not just to mobile headsets, but all-in-one devices. Whatever the future holds, though, its first product could outlast an average piece of electronics. "Most of the heavy lifting is done by the phone," says Bavor. "So it’s more about ‘What is the phone upgrade cycle?’ than ‘What is the headset upgrade cycle?’" And even years from now, the View’s simplicity is supposedly here to stay. "The more active elements you add to the headset, the more complex it becomes in terms of cost and manufacturability, but also most importantly setup. You imagine plugging lots of little things in and connecting things and so on," he says, disapproving. "We want it to be simple, we want it to be frictionless to get in and out of VR. And the simple, largely passive headset design really helps with that." If I could only get it in green. Circuit Breaker This smart device sniffed my morning breath to check for gum disease Circuit Breaker These are some fancy iPhone corner protectors Circuit Breaker Get the Google Home speaker for $99 at Best Buy on Black Friday View all stories in Circuit Breaker Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News World CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video World Photo Galleries Fighting fake news on Facebook: Why some employees are willing to risk their jobs to stop misinformation Both Facebook and Google announced this week they will crack down on fake news by cutting off revenue streams By Diana Swain, CBC News Posted: Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM ET Last Updated: Nov 19, 2016 11:30 AM ET Many of the widely shared, election-related fake news stories on Facebook were favourable to Donald Trump and critical of Hillary Clinton. (Carlos Barria/Reuters) Diana Swain Multi-award-winning journalist Diana Swain is the senior investigative correspondent for CBC News and host of The Investigators on CBC News Network. Twitter: @swaindiana Related Stories Only Facebook knows how it spreads fake election news Social media is blinding us to other points of view Google says it will crack down on fake news sites It's a bad time to be in the fake news business too Fake news is hardly new. It has dominated the headlines at the checkout stands of grocery stores for decades. How else would we have learned that Elvis Presley was still alive or that Vegas headliner Wayne Newton is actually an alien? Watch The Investigators on CBC Television at 9:30 p.m. ET Saturday or on CBC News Network at 5:30 p.m. ET Sunday. But recently fake news is being viewed as a real problem by those who believe that the posting of fake news stories on Facebook influenced the U.S. presidential campaign in Donald Trump's favour, as many of those widely shared stories were sympathetic to Trump — or critical of Hillary Clinton. A story claiming Pope Francis had endorsed Donald Trump, for example, was shared a staggering 100,000 times. Those fake news sites make money for their creators every time someone shares or clicks on a story, helping to explain why they seem to be increasing exponentially online. This week, under pressure to do something, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg announced his company, like Google, will now prevent fake news sites from profiting on his platform. But he says he won't stop them from posting the material. BuzzFeed reporter Sheera Frenkel revealed this week that doesn't go far enough for some Facebook employees. She spoke to several employees, some of whom work at the company's headquarters in Menlo Park, Calif., who have been meeting secretly to think of ways to pressure their employer to clamp down on the fake news sites. Only Facebook knows how it spreads fake election news Frenkel spoke to CBC News for this weekend's episode of The Investigators, and explained why those employees were willing to risk their jobs by meeting privately, and by speaking to her, in an effort to fight fake news. Here's part of that conversation: SHEERA FRENKEL: I think that Facebook employees have not really spoken out as much as employees at other tech companies. And the fact that they did want to come forward and speak to me, as well as meet secretly, shows just how bad they think the problem has gotten. I think that the comments by Mark Zuckerberg over the weekend, that it was a "crazy idea" that fake news had influenced the elections, is what really drove them over the edge and made them feel like they had to take a public stance on this. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has said his company will prevent fake news sites from profiting on his platform, but he won't stop them from posting the material. (Jose Miguel Gomez/Reuters) DIANA SWAIN: What do they think is at stake here, if not more is done? SHEERA FRENKEL: A lot of employees I spoke to weren't so much talking about what happened in the elections that just passed in the United States, but are looking forward to elections that are going to be facing Europe and the rest of the world in the coming year. They said that fake news is affecting a number of countries on a number of different issues, and they didn't want to see the mistakes made here in the United States over the past year replicated across the world. Especially as Facebook is pushing right now to expand so heavily into the rest of the world. ANALYSIS | Social media is blinding us to other points of view DIANA SWAIN: Facebook and Google have responded to this by saying, 'All right, we'll cut off the revenue stream for these fake news sites.' Because that's why they're really there — to make money. Is that going to be enough? SHEERA FRENKEL: The employees I spoke to said they didn't think it was enough. I mean, stopping them from advertising is definitely a step. But it doesn't address what is the key issue, which is that for as long as these [stories] are allowed to exist on the platform, and for as long as Facebook allows these sites to run wild, people are going to click on them and people are going to share them. And in parts of the world with lower digital literacy, where people maybe have less of a healthy media climate of sources they can rely on, people are going to believe those fake news items, and make judgments based on what they read there. Why it's a bad time to be in the fake news business DIANA SWAIN: One of the guys who's really the leader of these fake news site — a number of them are under his name — has expressed surprise now that he might have contributed to anything in terms of the outcome of the election. But he says, 'Hey, look, I make money doing this. And is it really my fault that people don't fact-check? If they don't bring any critical thinking to these stories?' — some of which he even admits are pretty fantastic. SHEERA FRENKEL: Oh definitely. BuzzFeed did a report looking at [the] Macedonian teenagers who are running some of these sites. So it's not always that they're being done maliciously, that there's a political intent. Of course, some of them are put up to support one candidate over another, but a lot of the time it's just people trying to make money. And I think that is what's interesting. ... Not just this guy, but also somebody in the Washington Post also wrote and said, 'I can't believe people bought that. I can't believe people shared that article as widely as they did.' So I think there's a certain amount of incredulity that people believe everything they see online. The Investigators with Diana Swain - Sheera Frenkel interview2:47 This week's episode of The Investigators also includes interviews with CBC's Dave Seglins and the Toronto Star's Rob Cribb about their joint investigation into the RCMP's quest for greater access to Canadians' digital privacy, including having to give up their own personal privacy to get RCMP clearance in order to see some secret files. Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Latest Video Proposed underage sex law stokes anger in Turkey 2:53 Mike Pence booed by crowd, addressed by cast of Hamilton 3:48 Jennifer Hale on video games: 'It's acting on steroids' 1:53 Late for the test 0:26 Most Viewed How Trump's son-in-law could skirt nepotism laws and find his way into the White House read comments Ralph Nader says Trump's 'unstable personality' means trouble More than 100 dead after train derails in northern India Trump trauma: A sign of doomsday or mass derangement? Could Canadian's brutal 1969 stabbing death be connected to another L.A. cold case? Trump meets fierce critic Mitt Romney Anger in Turkey over proposed child sex law Fighting fake news on Facebook: Why some employees are willing to risk their jobs to stop misinformation read comments Angela Merkel to run for 4th term as German chancellor, report says South Korea president's friend, former aides indicted amid corruption scandal Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Don't Miss Trudeau, APEC leaders look to put softer face on globalization to battle Trump More than 100 dead after train derails in northern India New Trump meets with potential cabinet picks, lashes out on Twitter Could Canadian's brutal 1969 stabbing death be connected to another L.A. cold case? Analysis How Trump's son-in-law could skirt nepotism laws and find his way into the White House Opinion We get it British press — Meghan Markle is biracial Analysis The war against ISIS marches on as Canada, allies wonder what Trump will ask of them next Lift 'devastating' loan burdens for refugees, advocates urge Liberal government Ottawa snowfall warning: up to 25 cm possible by Monday morning Air Miles customers complain they can't get their hands on their rewards From coffee cups to fake badges, how some people try to avoid parking tickets Ralph Nader says Trump's 'unstable personality' means trouble Ottawa to decide this week on Enbridge's biggest pipeline project Mortgage rates, grocery bills, airline fees all heading up: The Marketplace consumer cheat sheet Angela Merkel to run for 4th term as German chancellor, report says Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2016 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google does a better job with fake news than Facebook, but there's a big loophole it hasn't fixed Nathan McAlone Nov. 19, 2016, 11:14 AM 11,163 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google has done a much better job combating fake news than Facebook, but there is still a big problem it needs to fix: “newsy” Google search results that seem like they have been editorially approved, but actually haven’t been. Earlier this week, Google faced criticism when one of its top results for “final election count” was fake news. The top result in Google Search's “In the news” section was a Wordpress blog named “70 News,” which claimed Trump won the popular vote by a margin of almost 700,000. He didn’t. Here is what the Google results looked like at one point: Business Insider To the average person, the above page might look as if Google News, the company's editorially-vetted news section, which has human oversight, had been duped by a fake news story. But it hadn't. Google says that “70 News” was not part of the Google News roster of approved publications. How is that possible?  The reason is because the “newsy” modules that sit at the top of many Google searches (the “In the news” section on desktop, and the “Top stories” section on mobile) don’t pull content straight from Google News. They pull from all sorts of content available across the web, and can include sites not approved by Google News. This is particularly confusing for users on the desktop version of Google's site, where the "In the news" section lives. Not only does the “In the news” section literally have the word "news" in its name, but the link at the bottom of the module, which says “More news for…,” takes you to the separate Google News page, which is comprised only of articles that Google's editorial system has approved.   Business Insider Given these two factors, it's not a stretch that you might assume the results in that little box are from Google News. Often they are. But they aren't always, as evidenced by "70 News." The newsy boxes appear to be a loophole in Google's system that provides another way for false information to seep into the public consciousness under the guise of trusted facts.  While the viral nature of Facebook's social media platform has been blamed for much of the recent spread of false news, Google's efforts to position itself as the world's fist stop on the web has created another breeding ground for fake news that is still not completely understood.  Ads versus ad-free So why isn’t the “In the news” section just the top three Google News results? The short answer is because Google sees Google Search and Google News as separate products. The longer answer might have to do with advertising dollars. Google News does not include any advertising, which helps Google avoid recriminations from news publishers, some of whom are already angry about losing traffic to Google, that Google is profiting from their work.  Google's main search page, on the other hand, does have advertising.  By featuring a box of news stories on its main search page, Google can generate ad revenue alongside popular news articles that are not technically "Google News," while providing a link to its ad-free Google News section. (Google declined to comment on this aspect). Whatever the reason for the separation, the branding and placement of the “In the news” section seems likely to mislead users into thinking it’s a Google News product.  The 80% Google News consensus None of this would be a problem if Google News and Google Search had the same amount of editorial oversight. But Google has a stricter system of quality control on Google News, so users might inherently trust “In the news” in a way they wouldn't trust a simple search result. The goal of Google News is to showcase the work of bona fide news sites, with authoritative voices. Publications have to apply to be part of Google News, and can be turned down. To get into Google News, a site first goes through a low-level algorithmic check, which looks at things like site structure (is there an “About Me” page?). If it passes, the site then goes through a proactive review by a committee, which is encouraged to do extra research. In this committee, if the site gets an 80% or more consensus, it passes. If it gets rejected, the publisher is told why, and can reapply in 60 days. Google has let over 75,000 publications onto this platform, and there is a form anyone can use to report any bad behavior, which can get publishers kicked off. Google Search for truth Google’s search results, in contrast, are not editorially vetted, or assessed for “truth.” Google’s algorithms still do a good job at sniffing out fake sites because Google is set up to catch “spam.” But Google’s algorithms will likely never be 100% perfect at telling what information on a website is inaccurate. Google does, however, seem to want to wipe fake news from its platform. “From our perspective, there should just be no situation where fake news gets distributed, so we are all for doing better here,” Google CEO Sundar Pichai said recently. After the issue of fake news entered the spotlight after the election, Google announced it would ban fake-news sites from its ad network, choking off their revenue. But even if Google's goal is to kick fake-news sites out of its search engine, most Google users probably understand that Google search results don’t have carry the editorial stamp of approval from Google. But this expectation gets more complicated when it comes to Search sections like “Top Stories” or “In the news.” The 'Top Stories' on your phone When you search for something that relates to news on your smartphone, Google will often present you with a carousel of stories at the top labeled “Top stories.” Here is what it looks like: Business Insider That carousel is not part of Google News. It is full of “ newsy” pages from both Google News and from Google Search. So it is a mixture of sites vetted and not vetted by humans. What ties all those “Top stories” together is that they are AMP sites, Google’s open-source project to promote faster-loading webpages. Basically, any website that conforms to a set of technical standards gets labeled an AMP site by Google, and gets an “AMP” tag (with a little lightning bolt). One of the perks of being an AMP site is that you have the chance to appear in the “Top stories” carousel. But though the “Top stories” carousel might strike you as similar to Google News when you hear the name, Google views AMP as a technical description, not as an editorial product. Anyone can publish an AMP site, and the pages don’t even have to be news-related — Ebay is one, for instance. Because of this stance, Google has no plans to have humans make any editorial decisions about AMP pages. The “In the news” section rests in a similar situation. It is a “Search” product not a “News” product, and so is not editorially vetted. And while Google’s algorithms are good, the “70 News” situation shows they can be gamed. This whole situation seems like an easy fix for Google: Have the sections that appear to be news only pull from Google News, which has stricter oversight. Update: A source familiar with the matter says Google has plans to remove the "In the news" section from its desktop search. SEE ALSO: AT&T just set a launch event for its streaming TV package that gives you 100+ channels for $35 NOW WATCH: The Secret Service seized $30 million in fake money in its biggest bust ever Loading video... More: Google Search Google News Fake news Facebook Fake News facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google does a better job with fake news than Facebook, but there's a big loophole it hasn't fixed Google does a better job with fake news than Facebook, but there's a big loophole it hasn't fixed Google has done a much better job combating... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Skip to content Open Menu Home About Contact The HFT Guy A developer in London tech Google Cloud is 50% cheaper than AWS 18 November 201619 November 2016 thehftguy4 Comments Let’s revisit Google and Amazon pricing since the AWS November 2016 Price Reduction. We’ll analyse instance costs, for various workloads and usages. All prices are given in dollars per month (720 hours) for servers located in Europe (eu-west-1). Shared CPU Instances Shared CPU instances give only a bit of CPU. The physical processor is over allocated and shared with many other instances running on the same host. A shared CPU instance may burst to 100% CPU usage for short periods but it may also be starved of CPU and paused. Note that these instances are cheap but they are not reliable for non-negligible continuous workloads. The smallest instances on both cloud is 500MB and a few percent of CPU. That’s the cheapest instance. It’s usable for testing and minimal needs (can’t do much with only 5% of CPU and 500MB). The infamous t2.small and it’s rival the g1-small are usually the most common instance types in use. They come with 2GB of memory and a bit of CPU. It’s cheap and good enough for many use cases (excluding production and time critical processing, which need dedicated CPU time). The Cheapest Production Instances Production instances are all the instances with dedicated CPU time (i.e. everything but the shared CPU instances). Most services will just run on the cheapest production instance available. That instance is very important because it determines the entry price and the specifications for everything. The cheapest production instance on Google Cloud is the n1-standard-1 which gives 1 CPU and 4 GB of memory. AWS is more complex. The c3.medium is 1 CPU and 4 GB of memory. The c4.large is 2 CPU and 4 GB of memory. c3 is the previous family generation (pre-2015), using older hardware and an ancient virtualization technology. c4 is the current generation, it has enhanced networking and reserved bandwidth for EBS, among other system improvements. Either way, the Google entry-level instance is significantly cheaper than both AWS entry-level instances. There will be a lot of these running, expect massive costs savings by using Google cloud. I’m a believer that one should optimize for manageability and not raw costs. That means adopting c4/m4 as the standard for deployments (instead of c3/m3). Given this decision, the smallest production instance on AWS is the c4.large (2 CPU, 4GB memory), a rather big instance when compared to the n1-standard-1 (1 CPU, 4GB memory). Why are we forced to pay for two CPUs as the minimal choice on AWS? That does set a high base price. Not only Google is cheaper because it’s more competitive but it also offers more tailored options. The result is a massive 68% discount on the most commonly used production instance. Personal Note: I would criticize the choice of AWS to discontinue the line of m4.medium instance type (1 CPU). Instances by usage A server has 3 dimensions of specifications: CPU performances, memory size and network speed. Most applications only have a hard requirement in a single dimension. We’ll analyse the pricing separately for each usage pattern. Network Heavy Typical Consumers: load balancers, file transfers, uploads/downloads, backups and generally speaking everything that uses the network. What should we order to have  1Gbps and how much will it be? The minimum on Google Cloud is the n1-highcpu-4 instance (4 CPU, 4 GB memory). The minimum on AWS is the c4.4xlarge instance (16 CPU, 30 GB memory). AWS bandwidth allowance is limited and correlated to the instance size. The big instances -with decent bandwidth- are incredibly expensive. To give a point of comparison, the c4|m4|r3.large instances have a hard cap at 220 Mbits/s of network traffic (Note: It also applies internally within a VPC). Source: Network and cloud storage benchmark in 2015 All Google instances have significantly faster network than the equivalent [and even bigger] AWS instances, to the point where they’re not even playing in the same league. Google has been designing networks and manufacturing their own equipment for decades. It’s fair to assume than AWS doesn’t have the technology to compete. CPU Typical Consumers: web servers, data analysis, simulations, processing and computations. Google is cheaper per CPU. Google CPU instances have half the memory of AWS CPU instances[1]. While that could have justified a 10% difference, it doesn’t justify double[2]. Note: The performances per CPU are equivalent on both cloud (though the CPU models and serial numbers may vary). [1] A sane design decision. Most CPU bound workloads don’t need much memory. (Note: if they do, they can be run on “standard” instances). [2] Pricing is mostly linked to CPU count. Additional memory is cheap. Memory Typical Consumers: database, caches and in-memory workloads. Google is cheaper per GB of memory. Google memory instances have 15% less memory than AWS CPU instances. While that could have justified a few percent difference, it sure as hell doesn’t justify double[2]. [2] Pricing is mostly linked to CPU count. Additional memory is cheap. Local SSD and Scaling Up There are software that can only scale up, typically SQL databases. A database holding tons of data will require fast local disks and truckloads of memory to operate non-sluggishly. Scaling up is the most typical use case for beefy dedicated servers, but we’re not gonna rent a single server in another place just for one application. The cloud provider will have to accommodate that need. Google allows to attach local 400GB SSDs to any instance type ($85 a month per disk). Some AWS instances comes with small local SSD (16-160GB), you’re out of luck if you need more space than that. The only option to get big local SSD is the special i2 instances family, they have specifications in powers of 800GB local SSD + 4 CPU + 15 GB RAM (for $655 a month). The Google SSD model is superior. It’s significantly more modular and cheaper (and more performant but that’s a different topic). The requirements to fulfil are between parenthesis. Disk Intensive Load: A job that requires high volume fast disks (i.e. local SSD) but not much memory. AWS forces you to buy a big instance (i2.xlarge) to get enough SSD space whereas Google allows you to attach a SSD to a small instance (n1-highcpu-4). The lack of flexibility from AWS has a measurable impact, the AWS setup is 406% the costs of the Google setup to achieve the same need. Database: A typical database. Fast storage and sizeable memory. Bigger Database: Sometimes there is no choice but to scale up, to whatever resources are commanded by the application. On AWS (i2.8xlarge) 32 cores, 244GB memory, 2 x 800 GB local SSD in RAID1 (+ 6 SSD unused yet gotta pay for it). On Google Cloud (n1-highmem-32): 32 cores, 208 GB memory, 4 x 375 GB local SSD in RAID10. This last number is meant to show that the lack of flexibility of AWS can (and will) snowball quickly. Only a very particular instance can fulfil the requirements, it comes with many cores and 4800 GB of unnecessary local SSD. The AWS bill is $4k (273%) higher than the equivalent setup on Google Cloud. Custom Instances Google offers custom machine types. You can pick how much CPU and memory you want, you’ll get that exact instance with a tailored pricing. It is quite flexible. For instance, we could recreate any instance from AWS on Google Cloud. Of course, there are physical bounds inherent to hardware (e.g. you can’t have a single core with 100 GB of memory). Reserved Instances Reserved Instances are bullshit! Reserving capacity is a dangerous and antiquated pricing model that belongs to the era of the datacenter. The numbers given in this article do not account for any AWS reservation. However, they all account for Google sustained use discount (30% automatic discount on instances that ran for the entire month). If your infrastructure is so small that you can reserve all your 4 instances upfront, you should reconsider why you use AWS in the first place. There are more appropriate and cheaper options available. If your infrastructure is big enough that you have dozens of servers (or thousands), you should already be aware that: Long term commitment is a huge risk. Most people underestimate it. Predictions are always off. Most people are overconfident in their predictions. You are no exception to most people. Reservation is a mess when having many AWS accounts (dev, staging, prod). Anything that is testing/transient is too short-lived to be reserved. Less than 50% of reservable stuff can actually be reserved (margin for change/error). Most people managers are stubborn. If you your manager is stubborn and really insists on reserving instances, you should bet exclusively on “1 year full upfront“. Safety Warning: There is no confirmation button when you purchase reserved instances. You can absolutely spend $73185 without seeing nor confirming an invoice. Conclusion AWS was the first generation of cloud, Google is the second. The second generation is always better because it can learn from the mistakes of the first and it doesn’t have the old legacy to support. 2016 should be remembered as the year Google became a better choice than AWS. If 50% cheaper is not a solid argument, I don’t know what is. References: Cloud Storage Performance, a benchmark with graphs on network performance. Jupiter Rising: A Decade of Clos Topologies and Centralized Control in Google’s Datacenter Network, A Google Research Paper, the story on what powers their internal network. Amazon does everything wrong, and Google does everything right, A message by an employee from Amazon than Google, not directly relevant but still a good read. Share this article: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Hacker News (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Amazon AWS, cloud costs, Google Cloud Platform Post navigation Previous Post What is docker and how it’s used 4 thoughts on “Google Cloud is 50% cheaper than AWS” levlaz says: 19 November 2016 at 02:59 Excellent post! I have been looking for a clear comparison like this one for a while. Thanks! LikeLike Reply nambisankaran says: 19 November 2016 at 17:05 At its heart Google is a engineering driven technology company, Where as amazon is a business driven ecommerce company. Now that google has opened up their cloud for general purpose computing, we will see more cost savings in future. LikeLike Reply Wilson says: 19 November 2016 at 22:57 Any CTO using AWS and not GCE should be held accountable for not only wasting money on AWS, but also accountable for the inferior network latency of AWS. LikeLike Reply Tom says: 20 November 2016 at 02:31 Switching to GCE after using AWS for almost 4 years has paid off big time. I’m glad others have come to the same conclusion. I’ve also noticed much less latency across the board with GCE. LikeLike Reply Post a Comment Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Most Popular Google Cloud is 50% cheaper than AWS Choosing the right cloud provider: AWS vs GCE vs Digital Ocean vs OVH GCE vs AWS in 2016: Why you should NEVER use Amazon! Docker in Production: A History of Failure 250 GB/day of logs with Graylog: The good, the bad and the ugly About What is docker and how it's used HAProxy vs nginx: Why you should NEVER use nginx for load balancing! Follow Follow this blog. Get news about the cloud and the latest devops tools. Newest Articles Google Cloud is 50% cheaper than AWS What is docker and how it’s used Docker in Production: A History of Failure How to present a GitHub project for your resume Building an Analytics Pipeline in 2016: The Ultimate Guide Site Statistics 253,896 views Powered by WordPress.com. Back to top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search The Best Google Pixel phone cases: Live, Silicone, 3rd-party Chris Burns - Nov 19, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Today we’re running down the best Google Pixel cases that’ve been released thus far for the larger of the two devices, the Pixel XL. As Google is in the process of making a very big deal about these devices, both the Pixel and the Pixel XL are enjoying attention with cases from many brands. We’ve done some syphoning of the best of these cases and bring you the best of the best, as follows. The first wave of Google Pixel XL cases includes a lot of “this already works” sort of designs. Companies that make cases for lots of different kinds of phones are re-fitting their case designs to fit the Pixel family. As such, we’ve already seen cases that look just like what you’re about to see, for the most part. It’s important to recognize that while we sometimes suggest that one case is better than all others, this is a very subjective process. Choosing a case can be as difficult as choosing a smartphone, especially when it comes to aesthetics. When it comes to protection*, however, there’s one brand I trust above all others. *When I say protection, I mean protection within reasonable size bounds. The cases we’re showing here keep the basic shape and size of the phone in mind. There will be cases that cover the entire phone for super extreme ruggedness in the future – but for now, we’re sticking to the basics. 1. Tech21’s Evo Check Since the Google Pixel isn’t a particularly complicated piece of industrial design, cases of all sorts can be made for it relatively simply. The case you see below is the Evo Check from the company Tech21. This same case family previously came out on top when we reviewed Galaxy S6 cases last year. The Evo Check provides great resistance to damage – it’s the most robust case we’ve tested thus far. It carries with it the Tech21 technology called FlexShock, made of material similar to that of the 1990’s Nickelodeon toy Gak. Instead of bashing up against the edge of the phone when the device is dropped, this material absorbs impact and the phone (and case) bounce. Like many other Tech21 cases, this Evo Check will cost around $40 USD through the Tech21 online store. This case is out in black with black border (border being the interior bit, the protective FlexShock. It’s also available in white with white border – both are excellent for any of the several colors in which the Pixel XL comes. 2. Google Live Case (with custom design) We also have the Google Live Case – this one a customized case with a design from yours truly. The design is printed with colors that are extremely vibrant – save the edges. The design isn’t as sharp as I’d expected it to be, but well within the bounds of acceptability. The Google Live Case comes with a download of a wallpaper based on the design printed on the case, so the device looks all fancy and matching. The case has a button inside it that is difficult to press, but easy to get used to pressing. This button activates features within the phone. Using an app available through Google Play, this button is able to do things like open an app or turn on the flash at the back of the phone to be used as a flashlight. It’s the colorful design you’re paying for, here, as protection to the phone is limited to the very basic. While this case has never popped off of the phone as long as I’ve used it, I would not be surprised if a long drop resulted in some serious damage since the case is made only of plastic. While the protection the Live Case offers isn’t massive, the ability to customize is well worth the cash. The Google Store online offers a variety of already-designed cases which are pretty great too. All Live Cases from Google cost a cool $40 USD. 3. Pixel XL Case by Google The plain-ol’ colorful “Pixel XL Case by Google” is my choice for best combination of style, fit, protection and price for the Pixel XL. This case is extremely similar to the “Silicone Case” for iPhone by Apple. The only difference seems to be the slightly fancier interior in Apple’s case. Both companies suggest they’ve got a “microfiber” lining, protecting the surface of the phone from the case itself. The silicone in both cases provide just enough grip and bounce that they’re well in and above my standard for feeling that my phone is safe. While Apple’s silicone seems just a TINY bit more grippy, both cases do this job well. What’s important with silicone is that it’s not manufactured in a way that makes it sticky. We’ve seen devices and accessories aplenty with silicone that’s far too soft, collecting so much dust that they weren’t worth the hassle. Google and Apple know what good silicone is all about. This Google-made case for the Pixel XL is the best of the pack if you’re all about balance. That’s a balance of price, protection, fit, and style. The “Pixel XL Case by Google” costs a cool $35 from the Google Store and comes in 5 different colors. Wrap-up The Google Pixel and Pixel XL have a decent selection of cases available from both Google and 3rd-party manufacturers. The cases I’ve listed above are great for their own purposes, and while I personally like the silicone case because of its balance in features, others may choose differently. The case that offers the best protection in a phone drop situation is the Tech21 case, while the case that’s most unique is the customizable Live Case from Google. You can trust that each of the cases we have listed here bat well above their cost when it comes to quality. We do not list smartphone cases that fall below our standards for phone protection or material quality – unless they’re so terrible we just NEED to make it known. Rest assured that any of the three cases above would be a top-notch choice for your Pixel or Pixel XL. Story Timeline Google Pixel XL Review: Android embodied, for better or worse How to escape iMessage and switch from iPhone to Pixel Galaxy S7 vs Google Pixel Camera Review : Test the Best 3 reasons to buy Google Pixel and 3 to wait Google Pixel XL teardown tells its secrets (with HTC) Google Pixel XL VS LG V20 blind camera battle: Test the Best Reasons why Google's Pixel 2 could be the best phone ever Tags AccessoriesAndroidBuyer's GuidegoogleGoogle PixelhardwareHTCpixelPixel XLsmartphoneTech21 Must Read Bits & Bytes 20 Black Friday phone deals: iPhone, Pixel, Galaxy and more Bucking trends, Acura reveals vision of tomorrow’s dashboard Now Alfa Romeo has an SUV, and we have so many questions 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 Latest Headlines GoPro Karma owners given free HERO5 for returning failed drone Nov 20, 2016 Star Wars Battlefront Rogue One DLC unveiled, quadruple XP weekend continues Nov 20, 2016 Overwatch: First Strike graphic novel canceled by Blizzard Nov 20, 2016 Sources: Microsoft and HP will launch consumer Windows 10 phone in 2017 Nov 20, 2016 New Alexa skill has Amazon Echo reading 60,000 recipes Nov 20, 2016 Latest Reviews Review: Funlux Smart Wireless Mini CAM security camera Nov 18, 2016 GPD WIN Review: Mobile Windows 10 for gaming Nov 18, 2016 Review: Logitech Z337 Bold Sound with Bluetooth 2.1 Speaker System Nov 16, 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
null
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Google says the Pixel’s security features are ‘better, faster’ and ‘stronger’ than other devices November 19, 2016 Download the OnePlus 3T’s beautiful wallpapers before they’re officially available November 18, 2016 Apple lowers price of iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ repair to $189 CAD November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Microsoft reveals collection of awesome Xbox Store Black Friday deals November 18, 2016 Eastlink releases new ‘Worry-Free Data’ tool for limiting unexpected overages November 18, 2016 Snapchat now allows users to use Bitmojis in custom geofilters November 18, 2016 Drinkbox Studios’ Severed takes home best mobile game at Canadian Video Game Awards November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Public Mobile to offer SIMs at three locations today and tomorrow November 18, 2016 CRTC and FCC sign agreement to work together to block robocalls and spoofing November 17, 2016 Bell Canada hacker sentenced to four years in American prison November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 4 technology promises 5 hours of use for 5 minutes of charging November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Airbnb’s Trips wants to be your new Travel agency November 17, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Google says the Pixel’s security features are ‘better, faster’ and ‘stronger’ than other devices November 19, 2016 Download the OnePlus 3T’s beautiful wallpapers before they’re officially available November 18, 2016 Apple lowers price of iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ repair to $189 CAD November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Microsoft reveals collection of awesome Xbox Store Black Friday deals November 18, 2016 Eastlink releases new ‘Worry-Free Data’ tool for limiting unexpected overages November 18, 2016 Snapchat now allows users to use Bitmojis in custom geofilters November 18, 2016 Drinkbox Studios’ Severed takes home best mobile game at Canadian Video Game Awards November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Public Mobile to offer SIMs at three locations today and tomorrow November 18, 2016 CRTC and FCC sign agreement to work together to block robocalls and spoofing November 17, 2016 Bell Canada hacker sentenced to four years in American prison November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 4 technology promises 5 hours of use for 5 minutes of charging November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Airbnb’s Trips wants to be your new Travel agency November 17, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement Google says the Pixel’s security features are ‘better, faster’ and ‘stronger’ than other devices Patrick O'Rourke November 19, 2016 10:00am Google wants you to know that the Pixel is secure, so the company wrote an entire blog post on the subject. In a Google Security Blog post entitled ‘Google Pixel: better, faster, stronger,’ two of the tech giant’s senior software engineers discuss how the Pixel’s encryption implementation improves the “user experience, performance, and security” of the company’s smartphones. On a technical level, the Pixel utilizes full disk encryption known as FBE, which means different files are encrypted with different keys, with each file being unlocked independently. Typically smartphones utilize FDE encryption known as full disk encryption. Google says that through this method the company has given users access to the Pixel’s unlock and decrypt screen, allowing applications like alarm clocks, accessibility settings and phone calls, to be used right after booting. Google also says it utilizes technology called TrustZone that enforces a verified boot process, which results in the OS not booting gif its detected any form of modification. Finally, the company says it’s dropped eCryptFS encryption, stating that it does not meet its encryption requirements. For more information on Pixel related security, check out Google’s full blog post. SourceGoogle Security Blog ciderrules “inline hardware encryption engine” The iPhone 3GS from 2009 says hello. Only took you 7 years to catch up. dirtyKIMCHI This paragraph: “On a technical level, the Pixel utilizes full disk encryption known as FBE, which means different files are encrypted with different keys, with each file being unlocked independently. Typically smartphones utilize FDE encryption known as full disk encryption.” Should have read: “On a technical level, the Pixel utilizes File Based Encryption, known as FBE, meaning different files are encrypted with different keys; each file being unlocked independently. Typically, smartphones utilize FDE, known as Full Disk Encryption.” ciderrules Would have been better with a technical discussion of the advantages and drawbacks of each. Googles blog post only lists the benefits but conveniently left out the drawbacks. Chug that haterade “First up on the list was the new offering from Google, the Pixel. The Pixel was no match for the team of hackers from Qihoo 360. Executing a remote hack on the flagship phone, the team was able to take full control of the phone, from contacts, photos, messaging, and phone calls. This marks the second time that the Pixel has been hacked in the last two weeks. The prior hack was executed by Keen Tem of Tencent and the Mobile Pwn2Own event in Japan.” Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Living with Google Home Vincent Nguyen - Nov 3, 2016 4 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit The Google Assistant has been bundled into the browser, added into Android, and squeezed into Android Wear: now, it’s getting a sleek object d’art for the smart home. Google Home is the search giant’s take on the smart speaker space, a direct challenge to everyone’s current favorite virtual PA, Amazon’s Alexa. At $129, Google Home undercuts Echo (though not Echo Dot) and, if your digital life is already in Google’s cloud, it promises a more streamlined way to consume that data around the home. If Amazon’s Echo is a vaguely ominous totem, Google Home opts for a more curvaceous, less threatening design. It’s a little like an essential oil defuser, only one with interchangeable base sections. Screw apart the two halves – they cling together magnetically – and you can switch out the lower grille for different colors like the pumpkin-orange shown here, or various metal and fabric finishes. Inside, there’s a 2-inch driver and twin 2-inch passive radiators, while on the bottom there’s a socket for the power adapter. Despite embracing USB Type-C on the Pixel and Pixel XL, Home relies on a proprietary power plug, and there’s no battery option for entirely wireless use. Slide your finger in a circle clockwise or anti-clockwise on the angled top, and you adjust the volume. It’s still early days with Google Home – too early, in fact, for a full review. Google provided us with access to the Beta Program ahead of the official public launch tomorrow, but life on the cutting edge isn’t always entirely smooth. Some of the features Home promises either didn’t work consistently, or wouldn’t work properly at all. First things first. Setup is straightforward: you load the Google app on your iOS or Android device, from which point you point the speaker in the direction of your WiFi network and Google account credentials. If you have a Chromecast or Chromecast Audio, they first need to be on the same WiFi network as Home in order to connect. Then, they should show up in the “Devices” section of the app. If you have a smart home system installed, such as Nest’s Learning Thermostat, Philips’ Hue bulbs, or SmartThings’ hub, you can add those in too. The process is broadly the same: head into “Devices”, choose the type of connected gadget you’ll be pairing, and in some cases (as is the case with Nest) sign into the relevant account. For multi-room products like Hue, you can assign different bulbs to different rooms: that way you can instruct a whole group to act at the same time, rather than individually. Google says more such IoT integrations are in the pipeline, though I suspect the core functionality Home supports today will cover many of the bases for the average smart home user. If they don’t, there’s always IFTTT, and you can set up recipes which a Home voice command can trigger. For instance, I was able to set up an IFTTT recipe that posted an update to Facebook from a Home instruction. Audio processing is courtesy of a far-field microphone array. Most of the time, the idea is to trigger Home with one of two verbal triggers: either “Ok Google” or, a new addition with Home, “Hey Google” – the quartet of LEDs on the top flash to show the speaker is listening. Alternatively, you can tap the capacitive button on the top. As you might expect, Google Home gets the basics right. Factual questions, like calculations or search queries that Google’s knowledge graph can answer, are straightforward: the Google Assistant basically reads out the short summary result, just as Google Now would. You can set timers by voice, ask for translations of words and phrases into different languages, and check the weather: Google defaults to your current location, though you can specify a different place if you prefer. Not everything was smooth sailing. Home did a great job of recognizing playlist names and starting up music, and though the body of the speaker might be relatively compact, there’s a surprising amount of both volume and clarity that comes out during playback. Unfortunately, at times it seemed that overwhelmed the microphone array, and I had to physically tap the top to get a reaction. Echo, with its seven microphones, seems to do a better job at this than the pair of microphones on Home can. Sometimes by booming out “Ok Google!” I could cut through the music and have my voice recognized, but it’s hardly a discrete way of interacting with your personal assistant. Incidentally, if you’re paranoid about being overheard, there’s also a microphone-mute button on the side too. That wasn’t the only issue, mind. While I gave permission for the Assistant to look at my calendar, Home couldn’t find any upcoming appointments to read out. My biggest concern out of the box with Google Home is that, for a device so keen to be at the heart of your family, it’s really only designed for a single person. Right now, there’s only support for registering one Google account. It’s that account from which the Assistant pulls calendar entries, gives you traffic reports for your commute into work, and adds to your to-do lists. It’s the personal search history for that account which shapes results Google Home gives, and indeed which Home queries will in turn shape. On the one hand, that can leave a lot of people out in the cold. Since my wife’s Google account isn’t registered, Google Home won’t give her calendar reminders, and she can’t add new appointments to her schedule by voice. If she tries, they’re added to my calendar instead. There’s a more security-centric issue, though, too. You can optionally grant Google Home access to your Gmail account – the Assistant can read out new messages, for instance, as well as keep an eye out for upcoming flight itineraries and let you know when you next have travel coming up – but there’s no access security, it’s only an on/off toggle in the companion app. If it’s turned on, anybody has access to your account, whether they be a member of your family or just a guest stopping by. Home does support registering multiple streaming music accounts at once, so you can ask for playlists or tracks and they’re pulled in across different Spotify accounts for instance. Nonetheless, unless you have a single Google account for the whole family, Home is always going to feel biased toward one person. The flip-side of that, using multiple devices in the same location, is actually handled surprisingly well. If you have more than one instance of the Google Assistance listening out for the “Ok Google” trigger phrase – whether that be several Home speakers, or include Pixel phones and other devices – only the closest one to you will respond. I only had a single Google Home unit to test, but if you have multiple you can group them and play the same music across all of them; you can also add Chromecast Audio players to those groups too. What I suspect Home’s success will hinge on is how quickly third-party developers get onboard. Right now, though it has the basics of the smart home covered, and a handful of services such as Uber, the list of “Actions” for Home pales in comparison to Alexa’s “Skills”. The good news is that, by the end of the year, Google plans to throw open “Actions” to developers to wade into. Importantly, it’s not just Google Home that they’ll work with: anything with the Google Assistant will be compatible. That’s a sizable number of devices out of the gate, and a big potential audience for any developer weighing whether Google should be their platform of focus. Right now, Google Home feels much like an Android smartphone with no screen and always plugged in. The multi-room audio is slick, though not a game-changer, while the Gmail, Calendar, Google Maps, and other integrations are clever but hamstrung by the fact that only registering one person’s account is supported. Meanwhile, the lack of security still gives me pause, and I wish there was a way for Home to limit access to more personal data like email unless, say, it spotted my smartphone was present. We’ll have more on Google Home as we continue our testing ahead of a full review. If you’re convinced already, meanwhile, they start shipping tomorrow, November 4. Price is $129. Google Home Gallery Tags googleGoogle AssistantGoogle HomeHome AutomationIoT ReviewsSlashGear Reviewssmart home Must Read Bits & Bytes 20 Black Friday phone deals: iPhone, Pixel, Galaxy and more Bucking trends, Acura reveals vision of tomorrow’s dashboard Now Alfa Romeo has an SUV, and we have so many questions 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments 2 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Exploring a new frontier this holiday shopping season: Virtual reality The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Illustration by Dan Matutina for The Washington Post By Hayley Tsukayama November 18 Follow @htsuka It is a sad truth for technology enthusiasts that it’s almost the end of 2016, and we still don’t have flying cars, a moon colony or fully functional robot butlers. But there is at least one sci-fi technology that is aiming to make a breakthrough into your living room: virtual reality. Companies big and small are betting that holiday shoppers will get the appeal of being able to pop on a headset and immerse their eyes and ears — and sometimes their hands and feet — in another world. Google, Sony, Samsung, Facebook and HTC are among the major manufacturers that have put virtual reality products, mostly for playing games, on the market in the past several months. And retailers such as Walmart and Best Buy are building the excitement by setting up demonstration areas in their stores so consumers can get a good feel for these unfamiliar devices. “For most people . . . this will be their first real opportunity to play with or experience virtual reality,” said Clifton Dawson, chief executive of the market research firm Greenlight VR. “What is really important here is the reaction we’ll see from consumers who walk in these stores and get educated about it for the first time.” That could make this holiday season a critical period for VR, which is trying to prove it’s not just a gimmick like some gaming trends before it. (Remember the Wii and the Kinect?) Research firm IDC estimates that consumers — particularly gamers — will snap up 9.6 million virtual reality headsets by the end of the year, spending about $2.6 billion. Gamers, Dawson said, are an obvious key market to watch but so are those looking to use the virtual reality headsets for a family purchase, to replace screen time spent together on the computer to share funny videos or websites, or watching television. Greg Hall, Walmart’s senior vice president for entertainment, said he expects that gaming will remain tech’s big draw in the near term — but people are “warming up” to virtual reality. “We like the growth,” he said. “We like VR and think it’s got some nice legs for us.” The full potential of the virtual reality market is still quite a few years away, analysts say. And, in a reversal of the timeline that characterized technologies such as desktops, laptops and cellphones, the appetite for virtual reality is expected to start with average people buying them for their own personal use before the devices break into the business world. Greenlight VR believes the trend will be driven by consumer adoption through 2019, but that applications for business — including education, training and telecommuting — will start to make up the lion’s share of the market after that. The company projects that VR will become a $36 billion industry within the next decade. A two-tiered market Given how early in the VR trend we are, there’s a surprising variety of virtual reality headsets on the market. They come in two main types: Some are self-contained and are used primarily for high-end video games; they allow you to step completely into the virtual world and interact with it. Others work only with your smartphone, and are better suited to passively viewing specially designed 360-degree photos and videos — a super-modern update of the 19th-century stereoscopes that used to show kids slides of the wider world. If you’re skeptical of virtual reality but are intrigued by more immersive digital experiences, you may want to consider one of the latter type — say the Google Cardboard viewer. It works with smartphones up to six inches high and costs just $15. Other manufacturers are selling cardboard viewers online for even less — some as little as $5. These are good stocking stuffers for those who want to dip a toe in the virtual reality world, or for families with lots of kids who all want their own viewers. (There’s a reason Google has marketed these heavily to classrooms.) News organizations and other outlets post photos and videos for Google Cardboard on social media, and there are also apps for Android and iOS that work with the viewer to send users on virtual trips around the world, for example, or put them on stage with Paul McCartney in concert. For a little more polish, you can step up to something like the Google Daydream View or the Samsung Gear VR, which still run off the smartphone but provide a higher-quality experience. The Daydream View, Google’s $79 cloth and plastic headset, also comes with a remote that will let you play and interact with some basic games. And it’s much more comfortable to use — it stays put on your head with a strap, so you don’t have to hold it up. The Samsung Gear VR is also powered by a smartphone, but it has to be a Galaxy smartphone — specifically, the Galaxy S6 and newer models. With a touch-sensitive control pad on the side of the goggles, the Gear VR is a better choice for light gaming and has a number of high-profile titles including “Minecraft.” At $99, it’s far pricier than a cardboard reader, but it’s a far better experience. Getting serious If you’re super-serious and want something that actually lets you interact with the digital world, there are essentially three headset models to choose from: the HTC Vive, the PlayStation VR and the Oculus Rift. Each has its own strengths and weaknesses. Both the HTC Vive and the Oculus Rift will require connection to a high-end personal computer to work properly — a computer that itself could cost users at least $1,000 to put together if they don’t have a VR-ready computer already. There are some hidden costs as well. The $799 HTC Vive, for example, does an amazing job of tricking your senses into believing that you’re in a digital world. You really feel as if you can interact with the virtual environment, and several clever software tricks mean that you don’t ever find yourself groping blind for a dropped game controller. One reason it’s so effective is it gives you a lot of in-world space in which to move, and a lot of sensors with which to track those movements. The downside? You have to give up a lot of real-world space: a suggested minimum of 5 feet by 6.5 feet. You’ll also have to find room to plug in seven pieces of equipment: the computer, monitor, headset, chargers and sensors. That’s fine for a man-cave, but not so much for a studio apartment. The $599 Rift doesn’t require as much space. In fact, some of its best experiences take place when you’re seated, which means it can be used in a normal office or living room. Its pair of hand controllers, called the Oculus Touch, also let you interact smoothly with the digital world, though they’re not always quite as sensitive — or easy to find when dropped — as those of the Vive. The Rift shines, however, in the overall quality of its software. As one of the first companies to raise mainstream awareness of virtual reality, Oculus took pains to minimize some of the more unpleasant side effects of moving through a VR world, with rock-solid tracking that should keep all but the most sensitive player from feeling too much motion sickness. Finally, Sony’s PlayStation VR has the advantage of working automatically with the PlayStation 4 and the newly released PlayStation 4 Pro. That means it doesn’t require an extra computer and runs off the game console that its target audience knows and probably already owns. Among these three high-end headsets, PlayStation VR is also the most comfortable to wear for long periods of time. And it’s just $400 — though you’ve already paid a few hundred for your PlayStation. If you really want to buy a VR headset but are still having trouble figuring out what works for you, don’t forget to compare each headset’s unique catalog of games first, to narrow down their options. Or you could take a year or two to think about it. While the hype machine is in full force right now, and consumers are responding, that doesn’t mean that failing to buy a VR headset this year will make you the lamest house on the block. Even VR evangelists don’t see the technology truly becoming mainstream for another couple of years, and that’s if all goes well. So if you postpone the decision, you may not be on the cutting edge this holiday season; but you may also save yourself some money and space if the analysts’ forecasts are wrong. business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 2 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Follow @htsuka 2 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 For foreign diplomats, Trump hotel is place to be 2 The real secret to Asian American success was not education 3 The North Pole is an insane 36 degrees warmer than normal as winter descends 4 Trump’s pick for attorney general: ‘Good people don’t smoke marijuana’ 5 The real story behind that exaggerated Ford tweet from Donald Trump Market Watch DJIA -0.19% NASDAQ -0.23% Get quote Last Update: 11/20/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Skip to content Loyd Abel The significant problems we have cannot be solved at the same level of thinking with which we created them. Home Expand the primary sidebar Poppup the search form Close the primary sidebar Bookmarks The Man In Charge E-mail My FB Recent Posts Follow These Expert SEO Strategies Search Engine Marketing Practical SEO Solutions for you SEO Work With Your Site It’s Nice to Learn There Are Good People out There Moving to an Apartment with My Dog It Doesn’t Have to Be Hard Getting a Home We Realize That This Security Install is Better Late Than Never Areas Fraction Sacramento SEO Expert Extra Ways Of Looking November 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 Links Search Engine MarketingPosted on Search Engine Marketing: It Is Actually For Everyone Search engine marketing is often confusing to some beginner, yet it is an important facet in using a site to build income. It does not take much to direct more traffic for your site. All you need is an effective availability of knowledge and the right tools to work with. Search engine optimisation & Sacramento SEO Expert can be a great tool for businesses new to the net market. While Google along with other search engines may appear complex, their algorithms are very similar. Companies including Google utilize bots that prowl the world wide web for specific content. In case your website provides the content it is seeking, your page will probably be listed higher among search engine results. Put simply, seo covers itself in publicity. Allow website visitors to your site to social bookmark it for later, by offering your online visitors this choice, you are helping create links that will raise you in search engine ranks. Not just that, but you can find free widgets that can help you make this happen free of charge. Keep in mind the higher searching results, the better you can be found and get more traffic. Although there are many search engines like yahoo on the market, you ought to pinpoint the big three and leave the others alone, to start. Google, Yahoo and Bing will be the big boys around the block, with Google managing the lion’s share of the market. So when optimizing your site, adhere to the kinds of things the search engines like Google appreciates. There’s no sense in optimizing for Ask or MSN, when there’s really no money there. Do not run afoul of the spam filters modern search engines like yahoo use if you optimize your web site. These filters – actually complex decision-making algorithms, analyze website content and flag pages for omission after they seem to be light on real content. To avert this sinister fate you must limit the volume of search engine marketing tweaking you employ. Websites should be regularly refreshed with new content and pages to help you with search engine marketing. Keywords are excellent yet they are able to only help your web site with an extent. When you are covering popular subjects, you can easily go missing in the crowd. You do not want your website ranked low on an internet search engine. Maintain your recommendations fresh by linking to appropriate and influential high ranking websites on a regular basis. To search engine optimize your internet site, avoid using navigation menus that utilize JavaScript, forms or CSS. These types of navigation menus can’t be crawled by search engine spiders. If you must use one of these brilliant kinds of navigation menus, be sure you duplicate your website navigation, as normal hyperlinks, inside the footer of each page. Go to your site and look to be sure that the title tag towards the top of your window describes this content that you are considering. Make sure that it includes the keywords you want readers to associate together with your website. When you are a little local company make sure that the true secret local search words are within the title tag. When building your internet presence, don’t forget to incorporate your internet site for the niche link directories. Whatever product you sell, from knitwear to financial services, there’s bound to become specialized website that caters to people considering that kind of company, so search for those sites and get your links listed. That may, of course, help increase your search engine rankings and carry in more traffic. You must now recognize that SEO is an extremely important component of online marketing. There are ways to create your site more visible to find engines. Follow our suggestions about these, to see the outcomes! The better developed your internet site, the more likely you will be able to attract higher traffic and make more cash. Blog this! Digg this post Recommend on Facebook share via Reddit Share with Stumblers Tweet about it Subscribe to the comments on this post Author admin Categories Sacramento SEO Expert Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Post navigation PREVIOUS Previous post: Practical SEO Solutions for you NEXT Next post: Follow These Expert SEO Strategies Toggle to the primary sidebar Close the secondary sidebar Theme by WPaesthetic Close the search form Search for: follow: RSS
null
null
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Entertainment 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Android Product Reviews Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 6 minutes Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email If you’re in the market for a mid-range, cheap-yet-powerful smartphone, ASUS thinks they have the phone for you. The Asus ZenFone 3 rivals similar phones like the OnePlus and the ZTE Axon 7 that offer high-end specs, but for several hundred dollars less than other flagship devices. You might be familiar with last year’s ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2 Review and Giveaway ASUS ZenFone 2 Review and Giveaway As more people are fed up with smartphones that cost well over $600, some manufacturers are taking notice. ASUS brings us the ZenFone 2, a $299 phone with internal specs that easily trump its competitors. Read More , but this is a whole different beast. The ZenFone 2 was bulky, plastic, and had terrible battery life. The ZenFone 3 is thin, made of glass and metal, and has great battery life. It doesn’t even seem like a successor to the 2 — more an entirely different phone. Let’s find out exactly what makes this phone so great, and don’t forget to enter below for your chance to win our test model! ASUS ZenFone 3 Giveaway Specifications Price: $330–$370 Chipset: Octa-core 2.0 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 (MSM8953) RAM: 4 GB Storage: 64 GB Cameras: 16 MP rear-facing with Optical Image Stabilization, 8 MP front-facing Size: 152.6mm x 77.4mm x 7.7mm (6.01in x 3.05in x 0.30in) Weight: 155g (5.47oz) Screen: 5.5″ Super IPS+ 1920 x 1080 display Expansion: microSD card slot up to 128 GB Battery: 3,000mAh Operating System: Android 6.0 Marshmallow Extra Features: Fingerprint scanner, USB Type-C Hardware This phone feels so premium. There’s no other way to put it. For under $400, this kind of build quality is unheard of. With a glass back panel and curved aluminum sides, the ZenFone 3 feels sleek and comfortable in your hand — if a bit slippery. Asus’s signature concentric circles radiate out from around the camera fingerprint sensor on the back in an incredibly elegant fashion. The curved glass on the front of the device leaves the edges feeling polished and high-end. Everything about this smartphone’s exterior screams modern and top of the line. The textured power button and volume rocker can be found on the right side of the device, the headphone jack is up top, the microSD card and SIM card slot is on the left, and the USB Type-C port and speaker are on the bottom. For navigation, the ZenFone 3 relies on capacitive keys rather than a physical home button like the Galaxy S7 or virtual keys like the HTC 10. There’s no back light for the buttons, which I actually prefer, but some folks have complained that they’re impossible to see in the dark (but, come on, you know where those three buttons are). On the rear of the phone, the 16 MP camera juts out a little. Just beneath it, there’s a fingerprint scanner that’s blazingly fast. The only reservation I have about it is the placement — it’s great if you’re holding the phone, but if it’s resting on a table, you’ll be typing out your PIN to open the device. Still, I’m just in shock over how nice this phone feels while still being so cheap. I’m a big fan of budget phones 5 Ways Cheap Android Smartphones Beat the Flagships 5 Ways Cheap Android Smartphones Beat the Flagships Who says you need the latest and greatest (and most expensive) smartphone out there? The cheaper alternatives are actually really good. Let us show you. Read More , but they never feel this premium. The screen is a 1080p Super IPS+ display, which is crystal clear and brighter than most other smartphones I’ve tested, making it easier to see in direct sunlight. Camera That 16 MP shooter on the rear is really quite good. While the camera is usually the first thing to go when cutting corners for a cheap device, Asus really went all out here. Images are crisp and clear, and the Camera app has a plethora of features. There’s even Optical Image Stabilization, which keeps your videos super smooth and reduces blur from shaky hands. But what impressed me the most is how quickly it can take photos in succession — something a lot of phones struggle with. I found the 8 MP front-facing camera to be better than most other smartphones that only have 5 MP front-facing cameras. Don’t worry, your selfies will be lovely. Speaker The single speaker along the bottom of the ZenFone 3 is one of the few weak points of this phone. It’s not that loud, and the placement on the bottom isn’t as nice as a front-facing speaker would be. Asus has included an “Outdoor Mode” feature that you can toggle on and off when adjusting the volume, but it just seems to sacrifice sound quality for a bit more volume. Overall, the audio you’ll get out of this is definitely acceptable, but it’s not the best. Software Every phone has to have its Achilles’ heel — say hello to the ZenFone 3’s. While the specs and physical design might be great, the software is really what holds it back for me. Sure, it’s running Android 6.0 Marshmallow as most flagships are (aside from Google’s Pixel, which launched with 7.1 Nougat Google Unveils New Pixel Phones, Chromecast Ultra, & More... Google Unveils New Pixel Phones, Chromecast Ultra, & More... Google has unveiled a host of new hardware, including new Pixel phones, the Chromecast Ultra, the Daydream View, Google Home, and Google Wifi. Read More ), but it has a heavily customized overlay called ZenUI Android Skins Explained: How Do Hardware Makers Change Stock Android? Android Skins Explained: How Do Hardware Makers Change Stock Android? Hardware makers like to take Android and morph it into something that is entirely their own, but is this a good or a bad thing? Take a look and compare these different Android skins. Read More . ZenUI is a big, bright, round, colorful take on the Android experience. It reminds me somewhat of how Samsung’s TouchWiz interface used to look (Samsung has dialed it down in recent years) because it’s kind of busy, cluttered, and immature. But, that’s personal preference. Maybe you like how it looks! There are also a bunch of new “features” that you won’t find in stock Android, like shortcuts on the lockscreen, extra shortcuts in the Quick Settings, ZenMotion gestures, themes, Easy mode, and Kids mode. Asus has preloaded a number of apps that you can either look at as bloatware or as helpful tools. For the most part, I saw them as the former. For example, two pre-loaded Yahoo! apps display in Chinese even when the system language is set to English ZenTalk, ZenCircle, and Webstorage are Asus’s own messaging, social, and cloud service apps that I doubt anyone actually uses. The list goes on and on with pointless software, especially when apps serve the same purpose as the built-in Google apps — like a Gallery app even though Google Photos is installed too. It’s not all bad news, though. Mobile Manager has some useful features, like controlling which apps can automatically start when you turn your phone on. And when you tap the Recents key, you get three buttons along the bottom for quick access to certain tools like pinning apps, clearing your RAM, or viewing your list of apps. And even if you do like all of the software customizations, they might mean that the ZenFone 3 receives painfully slow updates (because it takes longer to update the code with all of Asus’s customizations). I’d be shocked if Asus delivered 7.0 Nougat to this phone within the next 6 months, and I’d be even more shocked if it was upgraded past that. Asus hasn’t even officially confirmed that it will see a Nougat update. Performance Powered by the Snapdragon 625, the ZenFone 3 might not have the best processor on the market, but you won’t really notice in day-to-day usage. I played games and multi-tasked just fine, helped along by the hefty 4 GB of RAM. It never felt like it wasn’t performing well, and the 64 GB of internal storage was more than enough (plus it’s expandable with a microSD 5 Mistakes to Avoid When Buying Your Next MicroSD Card 5 Mistakes to Avoid When Buying Your Next MicroSD Card MicroSD cards seem simple, but there are a few critical mistakes that you must avoid when shopping for one. If you ignore these, you may regret your purchase. Read More  card up to another 128 GB). Battery Life Given the weak battery life of its predecessor, I didn’t have high hopes for the ZenFone 3, but it actually turned out to last quite a while. The 3,000mAh battery lasted through every day without a problem — unless I was running it down with intensive apps. However, the best part might be that it uses USB Type-C What Is USB Type-C? What Is USB Type-C? Ah, the USB plug. It is as ubiquitous now as it is notorious for never being able to be plugged in right the first time. Read More , the new standard that is reversible and allows for faster charger and faster data transfers. Since the ZenFone 3 also support Quick Charge 3.0, it can be fully juiced up in about an hour and a half. Should You Buy It? To me, I feel like the Asus ZenFone 3 is an extremely well-designed phone at a low price that’s hampered largely by its intrusive and bloated operating system. If you’re a stock Android-lover, you’ll hate it. But if you’re new to the Android platform or you just like the interface, it might not be such a bad choice. And for less than $400 (depending on which color you get), the build quality is really unmatched. Our verdict of the Asus ZenFone 3: If you can put up with the look and feel of ZenUI, this is phone is an amazing value. However, if you’re really committed to having the newest version of Android and just can’t stand ZenUI, you should hold off.810 Previous PostHow to Find a Lost Android Phone Using Google Search 7 comments Write a Comment Camila Beth Cazenas November 20, 2016 at 8:02 am I wish I could win. My brother has this kind of phone, but that it's the black one. This is pretty gorgeous. It's also really cool. ????? Reply Tomasi Iopu November 20, 2016 at 7:43 am I would love to own one of these, it's unique in its own style and it would be interesting to compare it to my friends who have some of the latest mobile phones. Reply Jeena Bittenbender November 19, 2016 at 1:46 pm My son bought one and he loves it. The camera takes amazing pics. Reply Mayank jain November 19, 2016 at 4:15 am Superb device wow camera amezing Reply Marcel Jeannin II November 19, 2016 at 3:03 am nice review! Im looking for a new phone this would be great,thanks! Reply Anudeep November 18, 2016 at 10:20 pm Consider me Reply Aliff Suhaimi November 18, 2016 at 7:25 pm I really hope I could get this new Asus Zenfone 3. I have used both its predecessors (Asus Zenfone 5 and Asus Zenfone 2 Deluxe) and I'm loving it. I don't mind the ZenUI because in my opinion, that makes the Asus line-up stands out from the rest of the smartphones (though I do hate bloatwares). I hope you will consider my entries. By the way, good review. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Riley J. Dennis 260 articles Riley is a vlogger, tech nerd, author, and editor. Find her on Twitter: @RileyJayDennis Advertisement Latest Giveaways PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley November 8, 2016 08-11-2016 Advertisement Trending PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway Gaming Product Reviews PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price November 15, 2016 15-11-2016 Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It… Ben Stegner November 14, 2016 14-11-2016 Advertisement Related Articles PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway Gaming Product Reviews PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Android Product Reviews Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Product Reviews Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley November 8, 2016 08-11-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Entertainment 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Apple Will Fix Your iPhone’s Touch Disease… for $150 iPhone and iPad Tech News Apple Will Fix Your iPhone’s Touch Disease… for $150 Dave Parrack November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 2 minutes Apple Will Fix Your iPhone’s Touch Disease… for $150 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Apple has finally admitted that Touch Disease is a real problem. Which is progress. However, it’s not accepting the blame for this fault that’s out there right now killing iPhones. What’s more, it’s charging customers to repair the problem. Which is the opposite of progress. In August of this year, a rather serious flaw with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus reared its ugly head. Labeled Touch Disease The Touch Disease Killing iPhones, Google Punishes Pesky Pop-Ups... [Tech News Digest] The Touch Disease Killing iPhones, Google Punishes Pesky Pop-Ups... [Tech News Digest] Apple has a serious iPhone problem, Google hates interstitials like the rest of us, Woz likes his headphone jack, Adult Swim brings ToeJam & Earl back, and what happens when the Pokemon fight back? Read More , this flaw turns your iPhone into a rather expensive brick. What starts out as a flickering gray bar at the top of your touchscreen eventually renders your phone unusable. The clever bods over at iFixit quickly identified the problem, and others have since confirmed the ultimate cause of Touch Disease. It’s claimed it all leads back to the integrated circuit chips which power and control the touchscreen, and the way they’re soldered to the logic board. If this is true, then Touch Disease is caused by a design flaw. Apple changed something, and it may have directly led to iPhones stopping working. Perhaps Jony Ive should have spent less time putting together Apple’s $300 coffee table book Apple Releases a $300 Coffee Table Book for Posers Apple Releases a $300 Coffee Table Book for Posers Apple has released a coffee table book full of glossy photographs of its own products. Yes, Apple has finally disappeared up its own beautifully designed backside. Read More and more time designing the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Apple Will Fix Touch Disease… For a Price Apple has stayed silent on this issue for months. If a customer complained that their iPhone had stopped working they were advised to simply buy a new iPhone. So people turned to third-party iPhone repairers instead, who were able to fix Touch Disease without too much hassle. Now, however, Apple has launched its “Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus”. Which sees Apple offering to fix your iPhone for just $149. Unfortunately this only applies to iPhone 6 Plus owners, with Apple still refusing to even admit the iPhone 6 is adversely affected. So why is Apple charging you to fix a problem it caused in the first place? Because Apple is refusing to take the blame, claiming that iPhones are suffering catastrophic failure “after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device”. In other words it’s all your fault. So pay up or else. Samsung took a lot of flak for the Galaxy Note 7’s exploding batteries Dump Your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 for Something Less Dangerous Dump Your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 for Something Less Dangerous All four major US carriers are now letting their customers dump the Samsung Galaxy Note 7. Customers can exchange their device for a less dangerous alternative. Read More . But at least it (eventually) admitted the problem and issued a global recall of all handsets Samsung Kills the Galaxy Note 7, Because Boom! Samsung Kills the Galaxy Note 7, Because Boom! If you're currently in possession of a Galaxy Note 7, then you may soon be holding a very rare item in your hands. This is because Samsung could be planning to kill it off entirely. Read More . Apple won’t even admit it might be at fault here, let alone offer to fix the problem for free. Do you own an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus? Have you had to deal with Touch Disease? If so, do you remember dropping your iPhone immediately prior to the problem occurring? What do you think of Apple’s attitude to this whole thing? Please let us know in the comments section below! Image Credit: Judit Klein via Flickr Previous PostFirefox Focus Blocks Ads and Trackers By DefaultNext Post10 Terrific Thanksgiving Apps for iPhone 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dave Parrack 1566 articles Dave Parrack is the Tech News and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. He hails from the UK, where he enjoys eating, drinking, and sleeping. Kinda like a cat. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Entertainment 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Technology for the Elderly? The Best Tech Gifts for Grandma in 2016 Buying Guides Technology for the Elderly? The Best Tech Gifts for Grandma in 2016 Dave LeClair November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 6 minutes Technology for the Elderly? The Best Tech Gifts for Grandma in 2016 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email We’ve officially entered the season of gift-giving. Out of all your family members and friends, gifts for grandma can be the toughest. Sure, you could get her a sweater or pair of slippers, and she’d appreciate the kind gift, but that’s no fun. Instead, you should get her something a bit more techie. I’m not talking about the most advanced gadgets, either. We’re going to look mostly at devices that will add convenience and safety to lives of the elderly. And these gifts can be just as useful for Grandpa, too! Personal Assistants Amazon Echo - Black Amazon Echo - Black Plays all your music from Amazon Music, Spotify, Pandora, iHeartRadio, TuneIn, and more using just your voice Buy Now At Amazon $179.99 No, I’m not telling you to go out and hire someone to answer your grandparents every whim, I’m talking about a digital assistant. And when it comes to such devices, there’s really only one name that’s repeated: Alexa. Well, there’s Siri and Google, but those work through a phone (which we’ll get to in a bit), but the Amazon Echo serves as a standalone device that’ll fill Grandma in on whatever she wants to know. If you want to know more about the Echo specifically, we have plenty of articles on the subject: Test Drive Echo in Your Browser How to Test Drive the Amazon Echo in a Browser How to Test Drive the Amazon Echo in a Browser Want to buy an Amazon Echo but not sure if it's worth the money? Now you can test drive Alexa's skills online. Read More Creative Uses for Amazon Echo and Alexa 7 Creative Uses for Amazon Echo and Alexa 7 Creative Uses for Amazon Echo and Alexa You’ve seen the ads starring Alec Baldwin, but you're still not sure what Amazon Echo does or whether you need one in your home. We’re about to find out. Read More Amazon Echo Review Amazon Echo Review and Giveaway Amazon Echo Review and Giveaway Amazon’s Echo offers a unique integration between voice recognition, personal assistant, home automation controls, and audio playback features for $179.99. Does the Echo break into new ground or can you do better elsewhere? Read More Aside from the Echo, the major player is Google Home. It’s newer than the Echo, and hasn’t been put through its paces quite as much — but it does promise many of the same features. Most important among these, it can answer questions, keep track of tasks, and play music with voice commands. Cell Phone Getting a phone for your Grandma is something that can be both fun and lifesaving. Now, it’s going to be up to your discretion to figure out what kind of phone is right for your grandparent. You need to feel them out for how averse to tech they are (if at all). My grandma, for example, was happy to get a cell phone when they started rising in popularity, but when smartphones became affordable, they were just too much for her. Heck, my dad is only 55 and he still uses an extremely basic flip phone that can barely do text messaging. Your mileage will vary here. Flip Phones When it comes to basic flip phones, your options are fairly limited. Most of the profit for device manufacturers and carriers comes from smartphones. However, there are some choices, still. The Samsung a157 with AT&T’s Go Phone prepaid service is available for around $50, and it comes with a solid 4-star rating. There’s also the more poorly-reviewed (and more expensive), Jitterbug Flip Easy-to-Use Cell Phone for Seniors. Consumer Cellular specializes in prepaid plans for older individuals, and it offers a couple models in the $30–$40 price range. Jitterbug Flip Easy-to-Use Cell Phone for Seniors - Red by GreatCall Jitterbug Flip Easy-to-Use Cell Phone for Seniors - Red by GreatCall Bigger screen and larger buttons. Large, legible numbers and backlit keypad make dialing effortless. Buy Now At Amazon $68.50 Smartphones Regarding smartphones, you probably already have a good idea of what you like. I recommend going with something similar to what you use, just to make it easier to help your grandparents figure it out. If you own an iPhone and you buy them a Samsung device, you might have a hard time answering their questions about an OS you don’t use. If you want to keep things affordable, BLU Products offers several models on Amazon in the $50 range, such as the BLU Advance 5.0, the BLU Studio X8 HD, among others. Note: BLU Products recently eliminated a major security flaw in its phones. Again, it’s hard to really recommend a specific model, as that’s a bit beyond the scope of this article, but you should check out some of our more general smartphone buying guides for further guidance: Which iPhone Is the Best for You? Which iPhone Is the Best for You? Which iPhone Is the Best for You? Apple currently sells five different models of smartphone. If you've decided you want to buy an iPhone, you might be wondering which one you should go for. Read More Which Smartphones Have the Best Battery Life in 2016? Which Smartphones Have the Best Battery Life in 2016? Which Smartphones Have the Best Battery Life in 2016? Mobile phone users today demand battery life over all other concerns. Short battery life is the only real limitation of the modern smartphone. So which smartphones offer the best battery life? Read More What’s the Best Phone for Dad? What's the Best Phone for Dad? What's the Best Phone for Dad? Father's Day is coming on June 19. Think about getting your father a brand-new smartphone! The only problem: what's the best smartphone for dad? Well, that's what we're here for. Read More One Touch Emergency Calling Device If do the research, and you can’t find a smartphone for your grandma, here’s an alternative: an emergency calling device. These only require a single touch, so even the least tech-savvy grandparents will be able to use them. While it’s not necessarily the most fun gift in the world, there really isn’t any gift more fun than saving your grandparent’s life. LogicMark Freedom Alert Emergency System LogicMark Freedom Alert Emergency System 600 Foot Range (2 football fields) * Talk Through The Pendant Two-Way Voice Buy Now At Amazon Too low to display Amazon offers a well-reviewed model called LogicMark Freedom Alert Emergency System [CA]. It goes for around $170, but the kicker is that it doesn’t require monthly fees. It has a 600-foot range from the base, and support for five different phone numbers. It seems like a solid device, with a 4.3-star rating and an “A” rating from FakeSpot, meaning it has over 90% high-quality reviews. There are plenty of other services that offer similar features, but most of them charge a subscription. Digital Photo Frame What better gift is there for grandma than photos of the family? With a digital photo frame, you can load tons of photos and change them over time as new stuff happens. Baby born? Give grandma some new photos! New dog? Add those too! Amazing vacation? Yup, put them in there. NIX Advance - 8 inch Hi-Res Digital Photo Frame with Motion Sensor (X08E) NIX Advance - 8 inch Hi-Res Digital Photo Frame with Motion Sensor (X08E) Photo & 720p HD Video Playback: Mix photos (JPEG) and video (MPEG-4) in the same Slideshow. Buy Now At Amazon $65.00 As for models, there are quite a few. The best-selling one on Amazon is the NIX Advance – 8 inch Hi-Res Digital Photo Frame with Motion Sensor [CA/UK] for $59.99. If you want a bigger one, there’s also a 12-inch version (UK). Another well-reviewed one is the Pix-Star 10.4 Inch Wi-Fi Cloud Digital Photo Frame (UK) for $149.99. Pix-Star 10.4 Inch Wi-Fi Cloud Digital Photo Frame FotoConnect XD with Email, Online Providers, iPhone & Android app, DLNA and Motion Sensor (Black) Pix-Star 10.4 Inch Wi-Fi Cloud Digital Photo Frame FotoConnect XD with Email, Online Providers, iPhone & Android app, DLNA and Motion Sensor (Black) 10.4 in. (26.4 cm), 4:3 ratio, high-quality display with low consumption LED backlight. Manage the Frame from the Web and create a multi-frame account to remotely control up to 25 frames from 1 single web account, TOTALLY FREE. Buy Now At Amazon $149.99 Whichever model you choose, you can be sure of one thing: It will keep changing and evolving over time. You might even say it’s the gift that keeps on giving. You might say that, but I probably wouldn’t. Tile Tracker As a 30 years old, I certainly don’t fit into the category of a grandparent, but I’d like to tell you a quick story anyway: about a year ago, I lost my car keys and didn’t have a backup key. I spent hours searching every nook and cranny of my house, without success. The next day (after missing lunch with my mother and an ice hockey game in the evening), I found them buried in my sofa, in some crevice known only to God. Tile Mate - Key Finder. Phone Finder. Anything Finder - 1-pack Tile Mate - Key Finder. Phone Finder. Anything Finder - 1-pack The world's best-selling Bluetooth tracker just got 25% smaller. Tile Mate easily loops onto keychains or attaches to anything you don't want to lose so you can find it fast. Buy Now At Amazon $21.94 The point is: I went straight to Amazon and bought a Tile Tracker. I’ve lost my keys at least 5 times since then, and I’ve found them in seconds every time. Amazon has the latest model, called Tile Mate, for $25 (£23). It’s the perfect gift for the elderly (or anyone who loses stuff, like the relatively young author of this very article). Tile Mate - Key Finder. Phone Finder. Anything Finder - 4-pack- Save 30% Tile Mate - Key Finder. Phone Finder. Anything Finder - 4-pack- Save 30% The world's best-selling Bluetooth tracker just got 25% smaller. Tile Mate easily loops onto keychains or attaches to anything you don't want to lose so you can find it fast. Buy Now At Amazon $65.00 This device requires a Bluetooth device to work. So if you’re in the situation where your grandparents are reluctant to get a smartphone, you’ll either have to pass on this one or use it as a selling point to convince them a smartphone will change their lives for the better! Kindle If you’re reading MakeUseOf, I probably don’t need to explain what a Kindle is. With the Kindle specifically, there are a few models to choose from. On top of the Kindle, there are a slew of other e-readers out there. All-New Kindle E-reader - Black, 6" Glare-Free Touchscreen Display, Wi-Fi - Includes Special Offers All-New Kindle E-reader - Black, 6" Glare-Free Touchscreen Display, Wi-Fi - Includes Special Offers All-new design is thinner and lighter, and now available in your choice of black or white Buy Now At Amazon $49.99 Starting with Amazon’s devices, there’s the All-new Kindle, which is Amazon’s fancy name for the base model. This comes with a starting price of $79.99 (£57). From there, it jumps to the Kindle Paperwhite at $119.99 (£105), the Voyager for $199.99 (£170), and the Oasis at $289.99 (£270). Also, Amazon will often offer discounted refurbished models, which could be a good way to go a model higher for a bit cheaper. Kindle Oasis E-reader with Leather Charging Cover - Black, 6" High-Resolution Display (300 ppi), Wi-Fi - Includes Special Offers Kindle Oasis E-reader with Leather Charging Cover - Black, 6" High-Resolution Display (300 ppi), Wi-Fi - Includes Special Offers Our thinnest and lightest Kindle ever--read even more comfortably for hours Buy Now At Amazon $289.99 Outside of the Kindle itself, there’s also the NOOK line from Barnes and Noble, and the Kobo line to consider. While both lines remain solid reading devices, it’s hard to beat the Kindle and the range of models it offers. Make Your Grandma Happy! Now, when you get your grandma the best holiday present ever this year, make sure to let her know that Dave from MakeUseOf gave you the genius ideas! Okay, just kidding, you can take all the credit on this one! Are you going to get your grandma one of the gifts outlined above, or do you have a better idea? Share in the comments! Image Credits: Ruslan Guzov/Shutterstock Previous PostBlack Friday & Cyber Monday: A Gamer’s Complete Guide 1 comment Write a Comment infmom November 19, 2016 at 7:45 pm I'm a 65 yr old grandma. That must be too young for your gift list. :) (I build my own computers) Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dave LeClair 2502 articles Dave LeClair (Twitter) loves games on console, PC, mobile, handheld, and any electronic device that is capable of playing them! Check out his podcast on Twitch. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Advertisement Trending PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway Gaming Product Reviews PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price November 15, 2016 15-11-2016 Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It… Ben Stegner November 14, 2016 14-11-2016 Advertisement Related Articles Why the Heck Were Samsung’s Batteries Exploding Anyway? Technology Explained Why the Heck Were Samsung’s Batteries Exploding Anyway? Derek Walsh November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 How to Fix the Windows Store and Its Apps in Windows 10 Windows How to Fix the Windows Store and Its Apps in Windows 10 Joe Keeley November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 PlayStation 4 and Xbox One Are Cheaper Than PC for Gamers in 2017 Gaming PlayStation 4 and Xbox One Are Cheaper Than PC for Gamers in 2017 Harry Guinness November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Entertainment 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Why the Heck Were Samsung’s Batteries Exploding Anyway? Technology Explained Why the Heck Were Samsung’s Batteries Exploding Anyway? Derek Walsh November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 5 minutes Why the Heck Were Samsung’s Batteries Exploding Anyway? Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 became infamous shortly after its launch in August this year when reports emerged of phones overheating, setting on fire, and even exploding. Even though there were only 35 incidents out of more than a million phones sold, Samsung issued a full recall-and-replace order Samsung Recalls the Galaxy Note 7, Google Kills Project Ara... [Tech News Digest] Samsung Recalls the Galaxy Note 7, Google Kills Project Ara... [Tech News Digest] Samsung recalls the Galaxy Note 7 over faulty batteries, Google shelves Project Ara, Apple is removing dysfunctional apps from iTunes, Instagram adds pinch-to-zoom, and why YouTubers are freaking out right now. Read More … until the replacements started exploding, too. Samsung has since issued a full recall on all remaining Galaxy Note 7 devices and even suspended production Samsung Kills the Galaxy Note 7, Because Boom! Samsung Kills the Galaxy Note 7, Because Boom! If you're currently in possession of a Galaxy Note 7, then you may soon be holding a very rare item in your hands. This is because Samsung could be planning to kill it off entirely. Read More . Image Credit: Photomans via Shutterstock But the Galaxy Note 7 is not the first device to be recalled for this reason, and it probably won’t be the last. In 2011, Apple recalled a batch Apple is Offering Free Replacement For 1st Generation iPod Nano [News] Apple is Offering Free Replacement For 1st Generation iPod Nano [News] As rare as it is for Apple to publicly admit a malfunction, this one is too big to overlook. According to Apple, the batteries of some first generation iPod nanos may overheat and become a... Read More of its first-generation iPod Nano devices. In 2007, Nokia recalled 46 million phone batteries, and there have been more than forty other such recalls since 2002. In this article, we’ll explore just what the heck is going on and whether or not you need to worry about this with your own smartphone. Why Do We Use Batteries That Explode? All of our portable electronic devices (i.e. phones, tablets, laptops) use Lithium-ion batteries. Pound for pound, Lithium-ion batteries provide far more energy than other types of batteries — around twice as much as Nickel Metal Hydride (NiMH) batteries and around six-times as much as the lead-acid batteries used in cars. This is important in an industry where weight (or lack thereof) is a huge selling point. We all want our phones to be as light as possible yet still last at least a full day without recharging — and at the moment, Lithium-ion is the best technology we have that lets us do that. Image Credit: Coprid via Shutterstock But Lithium-ion batteries have a few disadvantages, too. They have a short shelf life, only lasting about 2–3 years from the date of manufacture, and that’s regardless of whether they’re actively used or not. If they fully discharge, they’ll never work again. And occasionally they explode. To understand why this happens, it’s necessary to know a little about how Lithium-ion batteries work internally. Like all modern batteries How a Battery Works and 3 Ways You Can Ruin It How a Battery Works and 3 Ways You Can Ruin It The modern battery is featured in so many of our favourite technologies that you could almost be forgiven for not spending time learning about their workings. Read More , they store and release energy through controlled chemical reactions. A current flows between two electrodes (an anode and a cathode) through chemicals called electrolytes. Lithium is highly reactive, which is what gives these batteries such a high energy density — but it also means that if something goes wrong, the results can be catastrophic. So, What Can Go Wrong? There are a few things that can go wrong with a Lithium-ion battery and they all involve overheating. If one part of the battery gets too hot, then it can lead to a chain reaction known as “thermal runaway” — the whole battery gets hotter and hotter until it ignites or explodes. Because of this, Lithium-ion batteries have an on-board computer to ensure they don’t overheat. If this fails then overheating can occur, especially on a hot day or when the device is being heavily used. Overcharging can also lead to overheating, but again, the battery’s internal computer should prevent this. Unfortunately it may fail to do so, whether due to a manufacturing error or because the computer itself has sustained damage. Image Credit: wk1003mike via Shutterstock The anode and cathode also need to be kept separate or the battery will short circuit, redirecting energy to the electrolytes. In a Lithium-ion battery the electrolytes are highly flammable, and fire or explosion is all but inevitable if this occurs. Why would the electrodes ever touch? Again, maybe because the battery sustained physical damage or because of a manufacturing error (e.g. a defect in the material that separates the electrodes, the introduction of a foreign conducting material, etc). Misusing or abusing the battery can also cause an explosion. Piercing the battery with a sharp object can cause a short circuit, while connecting it to an incorrect charger can cause it to overcharge or charge too quickly, which can lead to a build up of lithium on the electrodes, a short circuit, and ultimately an explosion. What Went Wrong for Samsung? It’s not yet clear exactly what the issue was with the Galaxy Note 7. The company has blamed “a very rare manufacturing process error” which caused the anode and cathode to come into contact. Further investigations are underway. Samsung has stated that none of its other products are affected by this issue, and there have not been a significant number of incidents involving their other products. Remarkably, some people have decided that the Galaxy Note 7 is such a good phone, they’re going to hold onto theirs Some Idiots Are Keeping Their Exploding Samsung Phones Some Idiots Are Keeping Their Exploding Samsung Phones In case you missed the news, the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is dead. And yet some Galaxy Note 7 owners are refusing to give up on their favorite smartphone. Idiots. Read More  despite the risk. This is, to say the least, a rather reckless approach, and while the risk is small, it’s unnecessary to take it. There are plenty of good alternatives 5 Non-Exploding Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Alternatives 5 Non-Exploding Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Alternatives Looking to avoid a fireball in your home? You may need some Samsung Galaxy Note 7 alternatives. We've rounded up five of the best Note 7 alternatives which range in cost from $360 to $610. Read More on the market, including some of Samsung’s other products. Should You Be Worried? Although the consequences of an exploding battery can be catastrophic, it’s an extremely rare event.  You’re more likely to be struck by lightning  — which would probably also cause your phone to explode! But there are some steps you can take to reduce the odds even further: Only use the original battery, or one from the manufacturer, or a reputable brand. Don’t leave your device in hot areas, particularly while charging. Keep it out of direct sunlight, and make sure it can dissipate heat effectively. Have a protective case for your phone to avoid puncture damage if you drop it. But take the case off if the phone gets too hot. The phone will almost certainly shut down before the battery gets hot enough to ignite, but the heat can still shorten the life of the battery. Do not use a cracked or swollen battery. Remove it from any device and do not attempt to charge it. Dispose of old or damaged batteries responsibly. Take them to a recycling center, or to a electronics retailer who will be able to dispose of them properly. Until there’s a breakthrough in battery technology Battery Technologies That Are Going to Change the World Battery Technologies That Are Going to Change the World Battery tech has been growing more slowly than other technologies, and is now the long tent pole in a staggering number of industries. What will the future of battery technology be? Read More , we’ll be using Lithium-ion batteries on a daily basis. And the vast majority of us will never encounter a problem more serious than running out of power. If the Samsung debacle has you concerned, take care and know that you have pretty much nothing to worry about. Did you buy a Galaxy Note 7? If so, are you one of the mavericks who’s keeping theirs? Have you ever encountered a battery explosion? Let us know in the comments section below. Previous PostWhat Is a Quantum Dot Monitor? 3 Reasons to Get Excited 2 comments Write a Comment Ronald DeRemer November 20, 2016 at 12:15 am I think the life is more than 2-3 years. Many EV's using LiIon batteries are lasting much longer. Reply Alex November 19, 2016 at 5:36 am I had a Note 7 for just 11 days untill the first recall was issued, I had the hope than the problem will be solved but, I better came back to the Note 5 with has no issues (instead of the S7 replacement, is not the same as a Note). And yes, I'll buy the Note 8, but a couple of months after release to avoid any other recall. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Derek Walsh 11 articles Derek is a business and technology writer based in Dublin, Ireland. Find him on Twitter, Facebook, or Instagram. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Advertisement Trending PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway Gaming Product Reviews PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price November 15, 2016 15-11-2016 Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It… Ben Stegner November 14, 2016 14-11-2016 Advertisement Related Articles How to Fix the Windows Store and Its Apps in Windows 10 Windows How to Fix the Windows Store and Its Apps in Windows 10 Joe Keeley November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 Technology for the Elderly? The Best Tech Gifts for Grandma in 2016 Buying Guides Technology for the Elderly? The Best Tech Gifts for Grandma in 2016 Dave LeClair November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 PlayStation 4 and Xbox One Are Cheaper Than PC for Gamers in 2017 Gaming PlayStation 4 and Xbox One Are Cheaper Than PC for Gamers in 2017 Harry Guinness November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
e-PaperTablet/Mobile PaperSubscribe Search this site Search Archives      Advertise   My Account Logout Home News Obituaries Sports Business Entertainment Opinion Features Blogs Land Cars Jobs Classifieds General Info About Us Contact Us Subscriber Help Newsroom Info Advertising Classifieds Weather Local News Southern Vt. Vermont News Nation/World News Staff Photos Archives Obituaries Local florists How to write an Obituary Charitable Giving Editorials Letters Commentary Perspective Submit a Letter Local Sports Pro/National High School Vermont Sports Thunder Road Sports Photos Business Vermont Central Vermont Business Nation/World VT Business Finder Calendar Crossword Sudoku A&E/InVite TV Listings Submit an Event Vermont Sunday Magazine Central Vermont Reader Business Vermont Vermont Press Bureau Vermont Today For Rent For Sale Commercial Property Land Place an Ad Search Cars & Trucks Place an Ad Search Jobs Place A Job Ad Garage Sales Services Stuff For Sale Pets Place an Ad Business | World/National Business Gift Guide: Choosing a streaming device without overpaying By  | November 19,2016 Tweet  Email Article     Print Article   ap file photo The Roku Premiere streaming device, shown here, is part of a trend toward cheaper TV options. NEW YORK  Your streaming TV options have gotten better and cheaper. Features that once required a $100 device can now be had for as little as $30. A cheap device is fine for getting TV shows and movies from most popular services onto a big-screen TV  as long as its a regular, high-definition set. Of course, its possible to simply watch video on a phone or tablet, but its not as satisfying from a living-room couch. Heres a holiday buying guide for the TV-streamers in your life. Streaming built-in Smart TVs, game consoles and the TiVo digital video recorder all have streaming apps, and if all you watch is Netflix and Hulu, youll be fine with those. But apps for individual channels such as The CW and FX wont work with every device. The exceptions are TVs running Roku software or that have Googles Chromecast technology built in; they tend to have wider app selections. Getting around Devices vary in how easy it is to access apps and video. While many devices are getting voice features that let you search multiple services at once, youll still need to navigate on-screen menus with a remote. The exception is Chromecast, which has no menu or remote at all. Instead, you start video on an iPhone or Android phone and send it to the big screen with a tap of a cast button. With some video services, the phone is freed up for other things, though youll need to use the phone as a remote for pausing and rewinding. Devices running Googles Android TV come with Chromecast features and pack their menus with video from Googles YouTube service. Amazons Fire TV device has traditionally favored Amazon video over others, though thats changing as Netflix, HBO and other leading services get prominence on the home screen. Roku is the most service-agnostic of the bunch. Apple TV ships with Apple services, but its easy to replace those with your favorites. App selection Roku has one of the most complete app libraries, though Apples iTunes service is notably missing. Youll need an Apple TV to access iTunes. Apple TV also has a good app selection, though out of 25 leading services The Associated Press checked, its missing direct access to Amazon, Google Play, Vudu and PlayStation Vue. You can get the first three indirectly with a Chromecast-like feature called AirPlay if you have a companion iPhone or other Apple device. Amazons Fire TV device is missing iTunes, Google Play, Vudu, ABC, Freeform and the NFL (though some games are shown through Twitters app). The selection on Android TV is also limited, but you can supplement that with apps for Chromecast. With an Android phone, you can get all but iTunes, though getting Amazon video is tough, as it requires getting Amazons Underground app store first. With an iPhone, youre missing iTunes, Amazon and USA Network, even with AirPlay. If you just have a Chromecast device with an iPhone, youre also missing Freeform (formerly ABC Family) and CNN. Youll still need individual subscriptions to these services. The streaming device merely enables playback on the big screen. Entry-level devices Amazons Fire TV Stick stands out as a speedy, capable device for $40. It now comes with a voice remote for searches and Alexa assistant queries on weather, sports scores and other information. The Roku Express is cheaper at $30, though theres no voice remote, and the interface is slower (which doesnt matter as much once you sit back and watch the video). Its a great choice considering its wider app selection, notwithstanding the lack of iTunes. Googles entry-level Chromecast costs $35  affordable, though the gadget is clunky without its own remote. Its slightly better with Android than iPhones. Mid-range devices Xiaomis Mi Box is a speedy Android TV device with a nice price tag, $69. It supports higher-resolution video known as 4K, an option that once required more expensive devices. But you need a 4K TV and services that offer 4K video  so far, Netflix and YouTube do so for just some of their offerings. Mi Box also supports HDR picture quality. HDR, or high dynamic range, promises brighter whites, darker blacks and a richer range of colors  but you need an HDR TV and HDR video. Googles new Chromecast Ultra also has 4K and HDR support for $69. Because Mi Box also does Chromecast, you get more overall for the same price. Mi Box also has a voice remote. The Roku Premiere also offers 4K for $80, but its remote lacks voice support. Amazons regular Fire TV has 4K and a voice remote for $90. Neither has HDR. For now, HDR sets are rarer than 4K, and even 4K sets arent that common. Why pay more? The $100 Roku Premiere Plus and the $130 Roku Ultra offer both 4K and HDR. The remote for both also has a headphone jack for listening when everyone else is asleep. The Ultra also has a voice remote, something many cheaper devices offer. That remote also has gaming buttons and emits a sound when you lose it in a couch. For hard-core gamers, consider the $200 Nvidia Shield TV, an Android TV with both 4K and HDR support, plus faster processors for games with intensive graphics. Another premium choice is Apple TV, which starts at $149. You dont get 4K or HDR, which wont matter for regular sets. Instead, you get plenty of apps that do more than play video. You can browse Ikeas catalog, order food from Grubhub and get the AccuWeather forecasts. For video, an upcoming app simply called TV promises to bring together all your viewing from various channels and services. An iPhone isnt required, but helps. Sorry, no Android. And for iTunes, Apple TV is the only choice. Tweet  Email Article     Print Article MORE IN National / World Business House chairman: Trump favors privatizing air traffic control WASHINGTON  A House committee chairman says President-elect Donald Trump likes the idea of... Full Story AP FACT CHECK: Trump auto industry statements are misleading DETROIT  President-elect Donald Trump has a long list of deceptive statements about Ford Motor Co. Full Story At UMass and beyond, hip-hop draws growing academic interest BOSTON  The forgotten music of Bostons early hip-hop and rap scene is being revived by two... Full Story More Articles     Tweets from https://twitter.com/TimesArgus/lists/times-argus-news-list Most Popular Most Emailed Man wanted for two armed robberies caught Neighborhood watch meeting on tap in Plainfield Middlebury Turkey Trot on new course Sunday Jakarta rally calls for tolerance after blasphemy probe (No heading) Hollis E. Ricker Jr. Public push to address opioid crisis Students play nursemaid to kittens Bonnie S. Boutin Caroline D. Gillespie MEDIA GALLERY  VIDEOS PHOTOS More Photos   Submit a Photo   Purchase a Photo         News Weather Central Vermont US/World News Vermont Today Vermont Wire Vermont Press Bureau Entertainment Calendar of Events A&E/Invite Sunday Magazine Local TV Listings Crossword Sudoku Sports Pro/National Local Sports High School Thunder Road Vermont Mountaineers Sports Photos Business/Politics Business Directory World/National Business Vermont Town Meeting Day Elections Opinion Editorials Letters Commentary Perspective Submit a Letter Publications Times Argus Rutland Herald Central Vermont Reader Rutland Reader General Information Subscriber Help Subscribe Dealer Portal Missed Delivery Vacation Hold Address Change Contact Us Online Services Submit an Event Submit A Letter Business Directory Email Newsletter Purchase Photo RSS Feeds Advertisers Advertising Information JobsInVermont.com Vermont Classifieds Social Media The Times Argus  f  t Rutland Herald  f  t Herald Nightlife  f Rutland Reader  f  t Business Vermont  f  t Vermont Today  f  t Vt Press Bureau  f  t Search this site Subscriber Services      Advertise Copyright © The Times Argus. All rights reserved. Home | About | Privacy | Sitemap | Contact | 800-498-4296
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Locality World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# demonetization War on Black Money Donald Trump Narendra Modi Bigg Boss 10 Home Sci/Tech South Korea blocks Google export of map data Shares5 Sat, 19 Nov 2016-06:14pm , Seoul , PTI South Korea rejected Google's request to export government-supplied data for its global mapping service, arguing it would make the country more vulnerable to attack by North Korea. "There are concerns that Google's request to export map data could escalate security threats amid confrontation between South and North Korea," the land ministry said in a statement. South Korea's strict National Security Law prevents Google from exporting government-supplied maps on the grounds that it could expose the location of sensitive military installations. Because the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a ceasefire rather than a peace treaty, the two Koreas remain technically at war. Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., operates its mapping services by exporting map data from each country to its headquarters in California and 14 data centres situated around the world including the US and Singapore. It was forced to use a third-party server when it first rolled out Google Maps in the South in 2008, offering a limited, bare-bones version of its services. Google argues that the South Korean law is outdated and unfairly restricts the company from providing a full range of mapping services, such as driving directions, public transit information and satellite maps. The US tech giant backed up its complaint by claiming it could offer a wider range of services for isolated North Korea -- including driving directions from the capital Pyongyang to the country's main Yongbyon nuclear complex, and locations of the North's notorious labour camps. Seoul officials had proposed that Google blur out security information like power plants, military installations, government buildings and the presidential office on its mapping service. In its statement on Friday, the government said Google had "turned down" the offer. South Korea is among a handful of countries -- along with China and Russia -- where Google is not the number one ranked search engine. The homegrown Naver search engine -- which only uses government-supplied maps that camouflage sensitive installations -- is the domestic leader in search and mapping services. TOP TOP < Bigg Boss 10: Salman Khan joins Mouni Roy for the Naagin dance   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech Russian spaceship delivers three astronauts to space station Sci/Tech NASA launches next generation weather satellite Sci/Tech New NASA report says sea ice has hit record low at poles Sci/Tech Mark Zuckerberg discloses steps to fight fake news on Facebook Sci/Tech South Korea blocks Google export of map data Sci/Tech Supersonic jet prototype could transform air travel Next Article > UP Elections 2017: Voting for SP means helping BJP win, warns Mayawati < Previous ArticleNext Article > Bigg Boss 10: Salman Khan joins Mouni Roy for the Naagin dance Next node UP Elections 2017: Voting for SP means helping BJP win, warns Mayawati Related Apple considering expansion into wearable glass headsets Twitter to conclude sale deliberations this month say sources Google makes progress on self-driving cars, hits 2 million mile mark Video Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut Watch: New York flash mob dances in support of Hillary Clinton and her pantsuits! Watch | 'There will be Kashmir but not Pakistan': Indian soldier's poem goes viral View all Tags Alphabet Inc Google Maps Google export map data Google export cyber-securty search engine Google search engine Google Map data Web Exclusive Trending news SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News ULFA(I) claims responsibility for attack on Army convoy Demonetization: Kerala govt to accept old notes for payment of state taxes Demonetization: Congress wants debate in Parliament under Rule 56 Pakistani plane diverted after aircraft's toilet gets jacked! Make Queen pay for palace renovation, say UK public Sport ISL 2016: Misfiring Chennaiyin settle for a point at home against Atletico de Kolkata India v/s England stats: Captain Alastair Cook hits his slowest half-century in Tests Australia v/s South Africa: Beleaguered hosts wield the axe for third Proteas Test Irfan Pathan led Baroda in sight as Bengal brace themselves for 400th First Class game Sania Mirza shares heartwarming message on her sister's wedding Entertainment Confirmed! Sanjay Dutt to make his comeback with Omung Kumar's 'Bhoomi' Here's all that happened when Salman Khan met Rajinikanth at '2.0' first look launch Confirmed! Jacqueline Fernandez and Taapsee Pannu opposite Varun Dhawan in 'Judwaa 2' '2.0' First Look Launch: Rajinikanth wants to do a film with Salman Khan! BREAKING: Salman Khan drops in to wish Rajinikanth and Akshay Kumar for 'Robot 2.0' Money Patanjali group plans to scale up, acquire more land for Nagpur project Putting a friend's black money in your account? You could get seven years in jail! Demonetization: Delhi govt urges RBI, SBI to exempt its staff from standing in queues Centre-state stalemate over GST jurisdiction continues RBI proposes 'Islamic window' in banks to comply with Sharia law Partner site: Zee News ©2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Consumerization of IT Personal Technology Opinion How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Before, only academic supergeeks tracked and recorded everything to achieve a photographic memory. But now you can, too. By Mike Elgan | Follow Contributing Columnist, Computerworld | Nov 19, 2016 4:00 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Four years ago I took this photo in Turkey and forgot about it. This week, I told the Google Assistant: "Show me my photo of a bride playing a pink guitar," and Google's artificial intelligence showed me the right picture. Welcome to the future of lifelogging. Credit: Mike Elgan More like this Photographic memory made easy Lifelogging gets real Lifelogging is dead (for now) Video Computerworld Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Wonderful Wearables Lifelogging is dying, right? Gordon Bell, who served as leader of the lifelogging movement since the 1990s, told me earlier this year that he had given it up. A couple of weeks after I dropped the news about Bell, the former editor-in-chief of Wired, Chris Anderson, tweeted that he had quit lifelogging as well. What is lifelogging? Definitions vary. But generally, lifelogging is the automated collection of personal documents, data (including biometric data), photos and videos that can be used later for total recall or preserved for posterity. Some lifeloggers (including Bell) use cameras, either clipped on clothing or worn around the neck on a lanyard, which take photos constantly. In recent years, consumer lifelogging cameras have emerged. But the public is rejecting them. One promising early consumer lifelogging camera, the Autographer from OMG Life, launched in 2012, then died off two years ago. In 2012, a company called Narrative launched a tiny lifelogging camera called the Narrative Clip (initially called the Memoto camera). The company announced in late September that it would shut down. (A few days later, it emerged that a group of former Narrative employees were trying to save the camera and the cloud service where pictures were stored. ) The Autographer and Narrative Clip have imitators, including the iON Snapcam, 61N, YoCam, Compass, MeCam Neo, Blincam, KeyMission 80, WearCam and the Perfect Memory camera. These cameras are failing. Lifelogging cameras are awkwardly intrusive, inconvenient and tend to take lousy pictures compared to a smartphone. Most of the pictures taken by automatic cameras show boring or blurry scenes, or pictures of people that are unflattering. Meanwhile, it's clear that glasses are a better place for lifelogging cameras. Snap Spectacles are getting a lot of attention in the press, in part because the press is being played by a series of publicity stunts and contrived scarcity. These include temporary, randomly placed Spectacles vending machines and a re-shoot of the famous Robert-Scoble-in-the-shower photo, this time with Spectacles. (Snap is the new name for the company formerly known as Snapchat.) To the best of my knowledge, none of the few Spectacles users deliberately does lifelogging, and Snap isn't promoting them as lifelogging cameras. Still, Snap's splashy marketing will help normalize camera glasses. Why would anyone want to lifelog? That question is becoming increasingly irrelevant. You're already lifelogging. We all are. Does anybody believe personal data isn't being collected? Lifelogging has two parts: 1. Collect all your data 2. Instantly recall specific memories from that data on command Is there any question that all our data is being collected? The collective data harvested and stored by Google, Facebook, Amazon and other companies retain everything you do, everywhere you go, everyone you know and everything you buy. Let's start with what Google collects. Google Photos auto-collects every photo I place on my laptop (such as all the pictures from my DSLR camera) and every photo I take with my iPhone and iPad. Each of these photos is tagged with location, time and date. Google then applies artificial intelligence to them to recognize individual people and specific animals and objects. For example, I can search for "pizza in October, 2013," and Google Photos will show me every pizza I photographed that month. Google Photos, which are arranged by default in reverse-chronological order, is a rudimentary lifelog all by itself. Consider the data exposed or listed on the Google Dashboard, Google's full-disclosure site for user data. This page reminds me that Google has all my relationships in Contacts, all my documents in Drive, all my emails for the past 10 years, all my Google+ activity, my location history, my package-tracking history, my music, my Play Store activity, everything in my About me profile, my search history, my tasks, my phone calls and voicemails and my YouTube videos. From the Dashboard, I can even listen to the recordings of my own voice interacting with Google Assistant, Google Home or Google Voice Search with a single click. All that's just Google. I realized how much data is out there on social and other media when I turned my blog on Elgan.com into a public lifelog. I used IFTTT and other tools to funnel my social activity to the blog, including my two blogs, two email newsletters, my podcast, plus all my posts on three Twitter feeds, Google+, Facebook, Medium, Instagram, YouTube, Swarm and others. (A service I told you about earlier this year, called Digi Me, will do all this for you as well.) I probably create more public content than average. In general, however, most people already create enough content and data for an amazing lifelog. So the first part of lifelogging is already happening. The question is: How do you do the second part -- instantly recall specific memories from that data on command? My blog-based public lifelog is OK as a stream, but it's lousy for instantly conjuring up facts and memories on command. If you look at the neglected category of lifelogging smartphone apps, which includes Fabric, Rove, Quantified, Instant, Logsit, Loca, Swarm and others -- it's really focused on the problem of accessing the same kind of data that's automatically collected elsewhere. These apps in their present form are doomed, because much better ways to call up lifelogging information are being aggressively developed. Just add search, A.I. and virtual assistants What Gordon Bell, Chris Anderson and other lifeloggers realized is that collecting all your data creates a problem. You end up with terabytes of data with no fast way to extract the facts you're looking for. But this problem is being solved in a major way. Just as the collection of personal data for lifelogging "just happens" through normal activity, like using the Internet and sharing selfies and food photos, so will the tools for instant retrieval of "just happen." As we speak, two broad technology revolutions will solve the lifelogging data access problem: artificial intelligence (A.I.) and virtual assistants. This idea already works in a rudimentary form. I told you how Google Photos calls up the pizza I ate in October 2013. It turns out that by telling the Google Assistant in Google Allo, "show me my photos of pizza from October 2013," it will show me those pictures. The pictures are tagged with a location, too: Pizzeria Bianco in Phoenix, Arizona. My wife is in the pictures. Suddenly I'm remembering the entire day. When the A.I. gets better, and all my data is accessible through Google Assistant and other virtual assistants, the fidelity of lifelogging retrieval will get ever sharper. Also: A.I. will improve data collection as well. The next generation of lifelogging cameras is using A.I. to solve the problem of snapping and storing thousands of irrelevant photos. A camera called the QindredCam from the startup Acumulus9 claims to use something like A.I. to choose when the camera takes photos. The camera is still under development, but the general idea is sound. It probably looks for changing scenery, faces, adequate ambient light and location to pick the perfect moments for taking snapshots. Sony teased something similar in February. Sony's concept is called the Xperia Eye, and it uses face identification (not face recognition) and other factors to auto-snap photos with its 180-degree fish-eye lens camera. The most ambitious A.I. lifelogging camera might be the Asteria camera by a San Francisco startup of the same name. The Asteria is an early concept for creating a lifelogging camera-like device that auto-captures photos, sounds, motion, location and even temperature, then uses A.I. to decide what to capture and retain. Lifelogging used to be a difficult, complex and time-consuming project that didn't work very well -- a discrete research activity or hobby designed to result in total recall or computer-enhanced photographic memory. That brand of lifelogging is dying because it's antiquated or obsolete. In its place, the natural evolution of personal data collection and picture taking, cloud storage, artificial intelligence and virtual assistants will automatically give us a better form of lifelogging than even the most visionary lifeloggers ever dreamed of. Unless we intervene (for privacy or other reasons), the data will simply be collected, and in an increasingly A.I.-mediated fashion. Then, A.I.-based virtual assistants will simply retrieve for us whatever specific information about our past that we ask for. Lifelogging as an independently driven project has no future. But the payoff of natural lifelogging -- the ability to remember anything instantly -- will simply happen for all of us who want it, thanks to A.I. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Personal Technology Artificial Intelligence Mobile & Wireless Data Storage Mike Elgan writes about technology and tech culture. Contact Mike and learn more about him at http://Google.me/+MikeElgan. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Sponsored by Hewlett Packard Enterprise The future of fast: composable infrastructure Sponsored by HPE 19 Techniques to Control the Chaos in Data Storage Popular Resources White Paper Accelerating Retail Activity White Paper Is Virtual Guarding the Future of Security? White Paper Leveraging Video Technology Beyond Loss Prevention in Retail White Paper Online Commerce: Plotting a Course to Personalization Case Study Sponsored Retail Execution Case Study: Carlsberg Go Top Stories Verizon IoT, Swiftmile pilot smart bike-sharing in Santa Clara Verizon will provide 4G LTE connections to the bikes and the solar charging stations where they are... How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Before, only academic supergeeks tracked and recorded everything to achieve a photographic memory. But... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... The state of solar power looks bright in 2017 (+video) While solar and other forms of renewable energy still amount to a small percentage of all power... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Share 3 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-19 American Music Awards 2016: Live Stream, Performers, Presenters — Everything You Need To Know About The AMAs Entertainment 2016-11-19 Mike Pence Booed At ‘Hamilton’ Appearance: See Video Of The Message The Musical’s Cast Delivered To The Vice President-Elect Entertainment, Movies, News 2016-11-18 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Star Emilia Clarke Is Latest Addition To ‘Han Solo’ Film Entertainment 2016-11-18 Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-20 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream News 2016-11-20 Jessica Whelan Loses Battle With Cancer, Father’s Heartbreaking Photo Brought Awareness To Suffering She Endured News 2016-11-20 Ser Je Da Be Search Update: Missing 13-Year-Old Abducted By 22-Year-Old Ex-Boyfriend And In ‘Extreme Danger,’ Police Say News 2016-11-20 Queen Elizabeth And Prince Philip Celebrate 69 Years Of Marriage Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-20 NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight Sports 2016-11-20 Floyd Mayweather Jr. Vs. Conor McGregor: Celebrities Weigh In On Possible Fight Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ Survival DLC: Gameplay Review Of Vendor Reset For 1.5 Update — Alpha Bridge Weapon Builds Likely The Strongest And Talent Requirements More Attainable Gaming 2016-11-20 10-Ban Drafting System For ‘League Of Legends’ Leaked Sooner Than Expected Gaming 2016-11-20 PS4 Vs. PS4 Pro Graphics: ‘FFXV,’ ‘Uncharted 4,’ ‘Last Of Us’ Performance Examined Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Pokemon Sun’ And ‘Moon’ Players Relentlessly Soft Resetting For Shiny Starters BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald J. Trump Twitter: I Watched ‘SNL’ Last Night, It Is A Totally One-Sided, Biased Show — Nothing Funny At All [Videos] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 Mike Pence And ‘Hamilton’: VP-Elect Booed, Hears A Few Words From The Cast At The Show — Was It Appropriate? [Poll] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 WWII Shipwrecks Vanish From Pacific Ocean: Sunken Dutch, British Warships, And A U.S. Submarine Mysteriously Disappear From Bottom Of Java Sea SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Facebook Fake News Writers: Here’s How Much They Earn By Posting Hoax Articles Social Media 3 0 0 November 19, 2016 Facebook Fake News Writers: Here’s How Much They Earn By Posting Hoax Articles Lorenzo Tanos Ever wonder how much the writers of those Facebook fake news articles earn? Is it really possible to earn a comfortable living picking trending topics, thinking of a sensationalist and false spin to those topics, and passing the hoax article off as legitimate news? A new report claims that writing these articles could earn their creators thousands of dollars in advertising revenue per month. Earlier this week, tech giants Google (through parent company Alphabet) and Facebook announced crackdowns on bogus news reports, with both firms announcing initiatives designed to hit the fake news writers where it hurts – their wallet. According to Business Insider, Google is working on a policy change that would prohibit websites with fake content from earning via its AdSense advertising platform. Facebook’s anti-fake news initiatives focused on changing its advertising policies to classify hoax websites as having “deceptive and misleading” content. Following accusations that Facebook helped elect Donald Trump as U.S. President, company CEO Mark Zuckerberg spoke out on the issue in the aftermath of the 2016 U.S. presidential elections, saying that the percentage of phony articles on the platform was too small to have influenced the elections’ outcome. “Of all the content on Facebook, more than 99 percent of what people see is authentic. Only a very small amount is fake news and hoaxes.” However, Facebook posts promoting fake news aren’t limited to American events and target readers. A report from the New York Times talked about how the trend is “often stronger overseas,” and how readers from developing countries are often more easily fooled into believing the hoax articles and images. One example took place in the Philippines, where a supporter of President Rodrigo Duterte published a photo of a young girl’s corpse, with the girl purportedly having been raped and murdered by a drug dealer. Although it was revealed that the photo actually originated from Brazil, many of Duterte’s supporters still saw the photo as justification for the Philippine president’s allegedly violent war on illegal drugs. #PaulHorner claims his #FakeNews sites targeted #Trump fans, influenced #election. "People are definitely dumber." https://t.co/ntouZcUoUe — JPManring (@JPManring) November 18, 2016 But how much do these Facebook-based fake news writers earn? According to the Washington Post, the amount of money could reach as much as $5,000 to $10,000 per month. The publication cited an interview it had with Paul Horner, the owner of an ersatz ABC News site that impersonates the news network’s logo and has a very credible-looking URL, as well as an authentic, if “rudimentary” interface. According to Horner, he makes “like $10,000 a month” worth of AdSense advertising revenue. That’s about twice the amount of money several Macedonian teenagers make by purveying fake news on U.S. events. BuzzFeed‘s Craig Silverman spoke to one of those teens, who said fake Donald Trump news articles could earn them as much as $5,000 a month. The Washington Post interviewed Horner earlier this week, as the 38-year-old Facebook fake news “impresario” took credit for Donald Trump’s election victory. “Honestly, people are definitely dumber. They just keep passing stuff around. Nobody fact-checks anything anymore — I mean, that’s how Trump got elected. He just said whatever he wanted, and people believed everything, and when the things he said turned out not to be true, people didn’t care because they’d already accepted it. It’s real scary. I’ve never seen anything like it.” While Zuckerberg was vehement in denying the role of hoax articles in assisting Trump’s election day victory, it cannot be denied that Facebook users shared tons of fake news articles in the run-up to the elections. The Washington Post mentioned a report claiming Pope Francis endorsed Trump as president in an official statement that had gotten more than 100,000 shares. Even more egregiously, the article “FBI AGENT SUSPECTED IN HILLARY EMAIL LEAKS FOUND DEAD IN APPARENT MURDER-SUICIDE” (capitalized accordingly for sensationalism) got over 500,000 shares, while a twist on the “Ending the Fed” hoax was shared over 900,000 times. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg. [Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] Additionally, the Post looked at how easy it is for fake news writers to make much more than legitimate writers do. Even if some of their sites are “tough to look at” with poorly-formatted articles and writers having a tenuous grasp of the English language, all it takes is just one click, as well as a way for these content creators to share their pieces. That platform, in most cases, was Facebook. Fake news writers were able to dupe thousands of people into sharing their work, but according to the Washington Post, these people included some “political personalities connected to the Trump campaign,” who bought into the hoaxes and shared the articles anyway. According to New School associate professor of media design David Carroll, this added unwanted credibility to the fake news writers, yet lined their pockets with even more money. He believes that fake news shares from Trump campaign officials on social media could have netted writers up to $10,000 worth of revenue for the share. As such, writers have a “huge economic incentive” to create bogus stories on the Internet. But even with Google and Facebook’s fake news crackdowns potentially costing them a good deal of revenue, Carroll added that their recent crackdowns still “show an initial willingness” to sacrifice money in the name of legitimate content. [Featured Image by marekuliasz/iStock] Now Watch This: Facebook Safety Check Double Standard? Now Read This: Facebook To Stop Certain Advertisers From Using Racial Targeting Share 3 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Lorenzo Tanos Tags: Facebook, fake news, google adsense Comments LATEST HEADLINES Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election, Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts A Tucson School Stopped A Kid From Being Bullied – By Kicking Him Out Of School NBA Trade Rumors: John Wall, Anthony Davis Top List Of Franchise Players On Trade Block Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight ‘Buy Nothing Day’ Events Planned In Over 60 Countries For Black Friday And Saturday Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream ‘The Simpsons’ Marathon: 600 Episodes Planned In a Row, Starting Thanksgiving Day Electoral Map 2016 Results: Will Michigan Soon Be Called For President-Elect Donald Trump? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Take The Poll: Dump Trump? Should Electoral College Switch Election To Clinton? 6.4k 0 0 Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 13.2k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 874 0 0 Donald Trump On LGBT Issues: Poised To Be First President To Appoint An Openly Gay Cabinet Member 8.6k 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 3.7k 0 0 Michelle Obama’s Designer Refuses To Dress Melania Trump As First Lady, Says ‘Integrity Is Our Only True Currency’ 2.1k 0 0 Will The Shield Reunite At ‘Survivor Series’? Seth Rollins Says He’s Not Opposed To The Idea 2k 0 0 Recent Headlines Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason 0 0 0 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream 5 0 0 ‘The Simpsons’ Marathon: 600 Episodes Planned In a Row, Starting Thanksgiving Day 0 0 0 Electoral Map 2016 Results: Will Michigan Soon Be Called For President-Elect Donald Trump? 0 0 0 Kylie Jenner Dissed By ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Champ After Wearing This 0 0 0 WWE News: Paul Heyman Reveals His Original Plans For Brock Lesnar At ‘Survivor Series’ And ‘WrestleMania 33’ Matches 88 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Society What's the deal with social media and the war on fake news What has caused the world to take the menace of fake news, which was considered inconsequential, so seriously now? Namrata Tripathi   November 19, 2016 17:13 IST 1 Shares 1 Shares Facebook is one of several Internet giants that have come under fire over the circulation of fake news stories.REUTERS/Dado Ruvic Besides Republican billionaire Donald Trump's unforeseen US presidential elections win last Tuesday, the hot issue that has been making the rounds is the infectious circulation of fake news on social media and its presence on the internet. Fake news or hoax news have always been present on the web world from fictitious death accounts of celebrities like Jaden Smith or Sylvester Stallone to various misleading videos. Then what has caused the world to take the menace of fake news, which was considered inconsequential, so seriously now? It is because of the outcome of the US elections: Donald Trump's presidential win. Why advertise with us? Related Facebook and Google go to war with fake news websites Vice president-elect Mike Pence booed at Hamilton show; actors ask him to uphold American values Ever read the news article of Pope Francis endorsing Donald Trump for US presidential post? Or Wikileaks confirming Hillary Clinton sold weapons to ISIS? If yes, then you may have hit the fake news treasury of the US elections. Experts have stated that Trump's unprecedented win may have a lot to do with several fake pro-Trump and alt-right articles which were widely shared and circulated on social media, especially Facebook. Facebook's role in circulation of fake news Although Facebook CEO Mark Zukerberg rubbished the idea of fake news on Facebook influencing the outcome of the US elections as "crazy," many employees of the social networking giant think differently. "It's not a crazy idea. What's crazy is for him to come out and dismiss it like that when he knows, and those of us at the company know, that fake news ran wild on our platform during the entire campaign season," one Facebook employee, told BuzzFeed. Why were social media giants entertaining fake news portals until now? There is a profit for both Facebook and Google and fake news web portals in this exchange. The social media giants were earning big audience and revenues by selling their advertisements to these fake news sites, particularly through Google's AdSense, and the web publishers were raking in big bucks in exchange. AdSense is an advertising placement service designed for website publishers who want to display advertisements on website pages and make money when visitors of the site view or click on those said advertisements. Taking steps to curb fake news Under heat, social networking giants have now acknowledged the menace of fake news and have started taking steps to detect and eradicate the hoard of hoax news from their websites. In an attempt to battle fake news, Facebook and Google on Monday announced that they are taking steps to prevent fake news websites from generating revenue through their ad-selling services. Facebook has said that it will ban websites which "traffic in fake news" from using the Facebook Audience Network. The audience network places advertisements on other websites and mobile apps. Google said it plans to prevent Google ads from being placed "on pages that misrepresent, misstate, or conceal information about the publisher, the publisher's content, or the primary purpose" of the website. Impact of fake news According to an analysis conducted by Buzzfeed News, it was found that fake news stories spread more quickly on social media during the last three months of the US election campaign than real news from outlets like New York Times and USA Today. Fake news has a greater impact owing to its sensational content and tailoring to suit a particular kind of reader base. Fake news a threat to Democracy: US President Obama Hoax news has become such a grave concern in international politics that the United States President Barack Obama spoke about it during his last official foreign visit to Germany. Obama cautioned people against "active misinformation" and said that circulation of news with no facts and misinformation could be a threat to democracy. "If we are not serious about facts and what's true and what's not — and particularly in an age of social media where so many people are getting their information in sound bites and snippets off their phones — if we can't discriminate between serious arguments and propaganda, then we have problems," Obama said in a press conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. "If everything seems to be the same and no distinctions are made, then we won't know what to protect. We won't know what to fight for. And we can lose so much of what we've gained in terms of the kind of democratic freedoms and market-based economies and prosperity that we've come to take for granted," he added. Can fake news be really eradicated? Although, social media sites are taking preventive measures, eradication of the fake news menace will be a long journey. Even though these sites may not endorse or circulate hoax articles, they will still be present, although sparsely. Without advertisement, it will be difficult for these hoax websites to survive. If Facebook and Google are serious in their war against fake news, they need to come up with strict stance about the misinformation and hoax content on their site rather than just cutting their advertisements. Also read Donald Trump agrees to pay $25 million to settle three lawsuits against defunct Trump University Trump lawyer's looks to delay Trump University fraud case till after Inauguration Day Post Comment IBT TV Close Theresa May and Angela Merkel meet for bilateral talks Why advertise with us? Latest News Guess whom Queen Elizabeth is inviting to the UK next year 11 minutes ago By IBTimes Staff Reporter Russia just launched most intense air strikes in five years against Aleppo 28 minutes ago By IBTimes Staff Reporter Editor's Pick International Men's Day: The 10 Sexiest Men Alive of 2016 Is the iconic commercial aircraft Boeing 747 being retired? Why advertise with us? most popular At least 120 killed, 200 injured in Patna-Indore express derailment PM Modi has said that an investigation will be launched into the accident. Here is a list of 5 worst train accidents that took place in India At least 97 people have died and over 150 injured after 14 coaches of the Patna-Indore Express train derailed in Pukhrayan near Kanpur. RRB NTPC results 2016 for Thiruvananthapuram region withdrawn The RRB NTPC results 2016 for Thiruvananthapuram region was put up on rrbthiruvananthapuram.gov.in on Thursday evening. Putin's presidential plane chased across Switzerland by fighter jets Increasing Russian aggression has set most of the Europe and even United States on alert over the country. Government updates Parliament on several key defence projects The defence procurements are based on the security situation and requirements of the armed forces, and technological advances. INS Chennai will be India's largest guided missile destroyer, when commissioned When commissioned, INS Chennai will join India's Western Naval Command. Patna-Indore train derailment: 9 trains diverted, 5 cancelled so far 95 people died and over 150 were left injured in the train accident that took place near Kanpur, UP. Afghanistan: As US drone strike kills top Isis official, Russia fears growing presence of terror group in the country Iran and Russia had earlier warned the world that members of Isis were seeping into Afghanistan. Photo Gallery Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch. Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS

null
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Airtel Open Network: Will it address call drops or is it just a marketing gimmick? By Naina Khedekar 39   Comments Airtel offers 3G/4G data at Rs 51 per GB in special scheme to check Reliance Jio effect 12   Comments Twitter testing in-line Subscribe button for Android app By Nimish Sawant 2   Comments WhatsApp to withdraw support for Symbian and BlackBerry devices from 31 December By Aditya Madanapalle 2   Comments 5 reasons President-elect Donald Trump may impact Tesla CEO Elon Musk’s SpaceX 1   Comments more from #Google Virtual exhibition on Indian women unveiled by Google Arts and Culture South Korea denies access to official mapping data to Google South Korea has denied Google's request to take mapping data to servers outside the country Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Virtual exhibition on Indian women unveiled by Google Arts and Culture #Google Image Credit: REUTERS 43   19 Nov 2016 , 16:19 Technology giant Google has on Saturday, through its cultural arm Google Arts & Culture, unveiled a virtual collection of artworks and exhibitions on the life of Indian women in history — spanning 2,500 years and from 26 cultural institutions across the country, the company said in a statement here. ‘Women in India: Unheard Stories,’ is a collection of over fifty virtual exhibitions with more than 1,800 artworks, photographs and videos, captures the stories of India’s unsung heroines ranging from goddesses to leaders, artists and doctors. “This project is an effort to recognise the impact of Indian women in history and their impact on culture and while looking at where we are, we also wanted to look forward and inspire women and leaders of the future,” said Luisella Mazza, Head of Operations at Google Cultural Institute, while speaking at the launch. The immersive narratives, which includes exemplars like Rakhmabai — the first practicing woman doctor — and Muthulakshmi Reddi — the first woman legislator — as well as artworks by several young women artists, were in partnership with Zubaan Books, India’s first feminist publisher, and can be accessed at g.co/WomenOfIndia. “It is our ongoing effort to make important cultural material available and accessible to everyone and to digitally preserve it to educate and inspire future generations,” Mazza added. Google Arts & Culture created by the Google Cultural Institute is a new, immersive way to experience art, history, culture and world wonders from over a thousand organisations worldwide. Users can also tour historical exhibits that capture stories from as early as the 1st century BCE from the Indian Museum in Kolkata, on Saktirupena – on how the Mother Goddess has been depicted in Indian art across millennia. Additionally, there are 17 new virtual exhibits from the Centre for Art & Archaeology of the American Institute of Indian Studies. Users can also explore gigapixel images captured by using our latest innovation, The Art Camera – a robotic, custom built camera that moves to capture hundreds of high resolution close-ups of the painting. These collections by can be explored on the web, iOS and Android. IANS Tags: Exhibition, Google, Google Arts and Culture, India, Indian Women, Virtual Exhibition Also read Google celebrates Children’s Day with Doodle 4 Google winner “Enjoy every moment” Google launches PhotoScan, a new app powered by Google Photos to scan old photos X Recommended For You South Korea has denied Google’s request to take mapping data to servers outside the country Facebook should be treated like a media company, says German Justice Minister Google Translate gets its biggest update with support for neural networks Google will face tough regulatory policies under President-elect Donald Trump Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Global Citizen Festival Nov 20, 2016 Global Citizen Festival plans to launch a new app in coming weeks #Cyber security Nov 20, 2016 US opposes the takeover of German Aixtron Se by Chinese FGC citing national security #cybercrime Nov 20, 2016 More than 55 percent millennials have been hit by cybercrime in India: Norton by Symantec #Weather Forecasts Nov 20, 2016 US to launch a new weather satellite that will ‘revolutionize’ forecasts #NSA Nov 20, 2016 US intelligence community recommends removal of Admiral Michael Rogers, current Director of NSA SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
Home Auto Gadgets Hardware Internet IT Science Software Blogs Polls Submit News Gadgets Google Home Smart Speaker - Price Slashed to $99.00 Elroy Bethell - November 19, 2016 5:00 AM Print Recipient E-mail Sender E-mail Google Home Speaker  (Source: Amazon) The Black Friday deals continue as the price of the Google Home smart speaker gets slashed by $30.00 for next week. According to Best Buy, you can get the Google Home smart speaker for $99.00 plus six free months of YouTubeRed from November 24th through November 26th. The Black Friday deals continue as the price of the Google Home smart speaker gets slashed by $30.00 for next week. According to Best Buy, you can get the Google Home smart speaker for $99.00 plus six free months of YouTubeRed from November 24th through November 26th. For those of you still not familiar with Google Home, it is a speaker is a voice-activated speaker powered by the Google Assistant. Everyone should know about Google’s “OK Google” virtual assistant, so it was a smart move that Google Home be housed in a smart speaker. Watch the Video Google Home smart speaker owners are able to do all of the following; Alarm – Set, check, cancel, stop, and snooze multiple and or recurring alarms Timer – Set, pause, check, resume, and cancel timers Calendar – Ask about an event or get your schedule for the day from Google Calendar My Day – Get a curated daily snippet about your day which includes weather, calendar, commute reminders, and news Shopping List – Create and add items to your shopping list as well as check what you already have on it. Traffic – Ask for traffic and travel times for driving, walking, or biking Weather – Ask for current weather or forecasts for the week for your home location or any other location Local Guide – Search for local places and ask for additional information Flight Information – Get updated status information on your upcoming flight   This device is a clear challenger to Amazon’s Echo.   Amazon Echo - $179.99 (Amazon) Photo Source: Amazon Amazon’s Echo was the first device of this kind to hit the shelves in June of 2015. The Echo uses beam-forming technology to “hear you from any direction” and awakens to the wake word, “Alexa.” After saying “Alexa,” the internet-connected speaker awakens to answer your requests regarding news, weather, and of course your music library — Echo supports all the songs in your Amazon Music library, ad-free Prime Music, TuneIn, and iHeartRadio.   "I f***ing cannot play Halo 2 multiplayer. I cannot do it." -- Bungie Technical Lead Chris Butcher Related Articles Apple’s Siri Speaker is a Game Changer September 26, 2016, 5:00 AM Latest Headlines Google Home Smart Speaker - Price Slashed to $99.00 November 19, 2016, 5:00 AM Does Omega G Cleaning System do the Job? November 15, 2016, 8:00 AM Black Friday is Ahead. What do You Have in Mind? November 7, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Big Solar Panels Over The Roof Again Thanks to New Technology November 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Do You Know What Products Apple Made Decades Ago? November 4, 2016, 5:30 AM What will be the next iPhone display? And what else at CES 2016 November 1, 2016, 5:35 AM More Headlines Most Popular ArticlesHere Goes Intel and AMD - Neck and Neck Again November 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Black Friday Deals – Core i5 Laptops Refurbs vs Brand New November 17, 2016, 1:00 AM Intel CPUs – Which one is right for you? November 13, 2016, 7:32 AM Black Friday VR Headset Review – Part 1 of 2 November 14, 2016, 9:32 AM Surface Book with Performance Base: Arrives 11/28/2016 November 12, 2016, 6:00 AM Latest Blog Posts HTC Makes Big Moves in China Elroy Bethell - Nov 20, 2016, 2:00 AM Do you know who is the number one company in the word? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 19, 2016, 5:30 AM Foldable Cardboard ”EcoHelmet” wins James Dyson Award’s Top Prize Saimin Nidarson - Nov 18, 2016, 2:39 AM Scientists Discover Roundest Object Ever Spotted in Universe Saimin Nidarson - Nov 17, 2016, 1:00 AM Smallest Device Lets You Print Almost from Anywhere Saimin Nidarson - Nov 16, 2016, 9:32 AM Cancer Screening in the Community Is there a link between Cancer and Poverty? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 15, 2016, 8:00 AM Points to Consider when Buying Your New PC – Window 10 PC Buying Guide Saimin Nidarson - Nov 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Google’s Pixel, Pixel XL smartphones have a Bug Saimin Nidarson - Nov 13, 2016, 1:00 AM Uber Latest Announcement Saimin Nidarson - Nov 12, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Free Lunch Saimin Nidarson - Nov 11, 2016, 1:00 AM Are you tried of Google tracking you? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 10, 2016, 2:34 AM Antibody May Promise Zika Vaccine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 8, 2016, 1:00 AM Samsung is Back in the News Again Saimin Nidarson - Nov 7, 2016, 1:00 AM What are the benefits of a solar panel roofing system and how it works? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 6, 2016, 6:00 AM PolyMet Wants Build Copper Mine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Paying Your Metro Transit Fare Got Easier Saimin Nidarson - Nov 4, 2016, 5:15 AM Xiaomi Launched Mi Air Purifier Pro in China Saimin Nidarson - Nov 3, 2016, 4:31 AM A Car Mechanic Repaired a Helicopter Saimin Nidarson - Nov 2, 2016, 2:00 AM Wells Fargo after damaging its reputation and taking over the customer’s accounts wants to be trusted again!!! Saimin Nidarson - Nov 1, 2016, 9:46 AM World News, Ceta Signing was Cancelled: Saimin Nidarson - Oct 31, 2016, 1:45 AM More Blog Posts Copyright 2016 DailyTech LLC. - RSS Feed | Advertise | About Us | Ethics | FAQ | Terms, Conditions & Privacy Information | Kristopher Kubicki
null
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Technology Snapchat in the frame to make camera glasses cool Can tech giant succeed where Google failed, asks Katie Wright Published 19/11/2016 0 Comments Share Snapchat in the frame to make camera glasses cool BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Remember Glass, the £1,000 smart spectacles launched by Google to much fanfare in 2012, but abruptly cancelled three years later following sluggish sales and a backlash from the public, who objected to being filmed without their knowledge? http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/technology/snapchat-in-the-frame-to-make-camera-glasses-cool-35218056.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/life/features/article35218054.ece/2be86/AUTOCROP/h342/2016-11-19_lif_26362458_I1.JPG Email Snapchat’s cleverly marketed £102 Spectacles sold out at a vending machine on Venice Beach in Los Angeles Remember Glass, the £1,000 smart spectacles launched by Google to much fanfare in 2012, but abruptly cancelled three years later following sluggish sales and a backlash from the public, who objected to being filmed without their knowledge? Now, Snapchat has unveiled Spectacles, in a move which bears a remarkable similarity to Google's doomed project. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments The social network announced the wearables back in September, but they went on sale for the first time this week, only available from a "Snapbot" vending machine positioned on sunny Venice beach in Los Angeles. Described by parent company Snap as "a totally new type of camera", the sunglasses enable wearers to take 10-second video clips (called "Snaps") by pressing a button on the left arm, which can then be uploaded wirelessly straight to your Snapchat account. Snap says the device, which is charged inside its case, is capable of taking a day's worth of Snaps, while the circular video format "captures the human perspective". Reception has been good so far, the bright yellow vending machine attracting a lengthy queue and a reported three-hour wait for a chance to buy the £102 specs, before they sold out completely. The lucky few who succeeded have been excitedly posting their first hands-free Snaps online, praising the shades for being simple to set up and fun to use. So why has the reaction been overwhelmingly positive, especially in comparison to Google Glass? For a start, positioning Spectacles as sunglasses rather than eyewear makes them instantly cooler, and the round lens design, available in black, turquoise and orange, is much more stylish. While the camera lens is prominent on the corner of the frames, crucially, the round shape, outlined in yellow, is repeated on the other corner, making them symmetrical and balanced, as opposed to Glass' clunky lopsided design. It's clear there's been a focus on fashion from the get-go, whereas Glass eschewed aesthetics in favour of technology - and even an appearance on the New York Fashion Week catwalk couldn't give it the street cred it needed. Fancy getting your hands on a pair? Well, that might prove tricky. A mysterious snoozing animation on the Spectacles website (www.spectacles.com) suggests that the Snapbot will be back in business somewhere else soon, but it doesn't say when, or where. But with winter on the way, you've got to wonder how useful a pair of sunnies - however smart they are - will be. Belfast Telegraph Your Comments COMMENT RULES: Comments that are judged to be defamatory, abusive or in bad taste are not acceptable and contributors who consistently fall below certain criteria will be permanently blacklisted. The moderator will not enter into debate with individual contributors and the moderator’s decision is final. It is Belfast Telegraph policy to close comments on court cases, tribunals and active legal investigations. We may also close comments on articles which are being targeted for abuse. Problems with commenting? customercare@belfasttelegraph.co.uk Powered by Livefyre Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Livefyre. Read More Golden Joystick Awards: Dark Souls 3 named ultimate game of the year  Action role-playing video game Dark Souls 3 has been named ultimate game of the year at the annual Golden Joystick Awards. Investigatory Powers Bill: 'Snoopers Charter 2' to pass into law, giving Government sweeping...  The House of Lords has passed the Investigatory Powers Bill, putting the huge spying powers on their way to becoming law within weeks. Apple iPhones less reliable than Android devices, study finds  Apple’s iPhones and iPads are losing the battle against Android devices. 6 of the best bargain gadgets  By Keeley Bolger AmazonBasics Nano Bluetooth Speaker, £10.99, www.amazon.co.uk: Give the gift of sound this Christmas with this Amazon portable speaker. Designed for those on-the-go, it easily fits into an adult hand and is light enough to stash into a bag. Being a budget speaker built for movability, the sound quality isn't crystal clear, but for plugging... Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Supersonic Boom: New passenger plane to fly faster than Concorde  Technology Apple iPhones less reliable than Android devices, study finds  Technology Investigatory Powers Bill: 'Snoopers Charter 2' to pass into law, giving Government...  Technology 6 of the best bargain gadgets  Technology Snapchat in the frame to make camera glasses cool  Technology Judge threatens to shut Altnagelvin Hospital over patient record  Northern Ireland Family of pregnant woman murdered by UVF in call for collusion...  Northern Ireland New group to help LGBT Presbyterian Church members  Northern Ireland Micheal Martin slams 'backward-looking nationalism' after Brexit decision  Republic of Ireland Rory McIlroy roasted by 9-year-old on his favourite female tennis player, Zika...  Northern Ireland Northern Ireland beef farmer: 'Let's make most of opportunities this will offer us' Restaurant review: We take a big bite from Alfredo's Belfast Telegraph Drum Manor Run 10k and 5k - finishing times and pictures Ireland v New Zealand: All Blacks break Irish hearts with 21-9 win in Dublin Edward Snowden post-US election Q&A Battlefield 1 review: 'One of the greatest' Technology Robot takeover: Government completely unprepared for automation and artificial... Technology Paralysed patients walk again after training with exoskeleton and virtual reality Technology Apple’s Philip Schiller interview: Touch Bars, headphone jacks and voice... Technology Tech billionaires convinced we live in the Matrix are secretly funding scientists to help... Technology Paralysed patients walk again after VR training Technology PlayStation VR: Sony releases virtual reality kit Technology Instagram to launch online shopping trial Offbeat UK's first professional drone race to be held in London Technology Art created using virtual reality headset to be exhibited at the Royal Academy Technology Oculus Rift UK and Europe release date Technology Facebook to start taking user data from WhatsApp Technology How is technology affecting our health? Technology Netherlands on brink of banning sale of petrol-fuelled cars Technology What the human body would have to look like to survive a serious car crash Technology China's straddling bus takes first test drive By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Google rolls out Play Store and Android Apps to four more Chromebooks Google had initially rolled out Google Play Store to some Chromebooks soon after the Google I/O event. The only Chromebook with Android app support was the Asus Chromebook Flip previously. However, after a long gap, the company started rolling out developer update to Chrome OS that will support Android app to some Chromebooks including Dell Chromebook 13, HP 13, Samsung Chromebook 3, and ASUS C301SA users. Moreover, the Google has also promised to roll out the update for wide range of Chromebook in future. In order to have access to Google Play Store, the user needs to upgrade to the developer channel. In order to run the developer version of Chrome OS, you need to head on to About Chrome OS -> More info -> Change channel and select the developer channel. Once you change, the device automatically installs the update and prompt you to restart it immediately. However, the developer version is not stable and you might face issues time to time as well. Before installing this update, make sure to back backup your important files. Source | Via "Google rolls out Play Store and Android Apps to four more Chromebooks", 1 out of 5 based on 7 ratings. Author Vigneshwar SRPosted on November 19, 2016Categories Google, News Post navigation Previous Previous post: Huawei P10 with dual rear Leica cameras surface Next Next post: Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) with 16MP front and rear cameras receives Bluetooth certification Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) with 16MP front and rear cameras receives Bluetooth certification Google rolls out Play Store and Android Apps to four more Chromebooks Huawei P10 with dual rear Leica cameras surface OnePlus 3 OxygenOS Open Beta 7 brings audio tuner, November Android security update and more Huawei Mate 9 Lite with 5.5-inch 1080p display, dual rear cameras, 4GB RAM announced Weekly Roundup: Vivo V5 20MP selfie smartphone, OnePlus 3T, World’s thinnest Acer laptop and more HTC schedules an event in Taiwan on Nov 22, water-resistant HTC 10 Evo with Android 7.0 expected Apple could integrate Augmented Reality technology into iPhone camera app Reliance Jio starts testing doorstep SIM card delivery through pilot program Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano surfaces, Apple exploring iPhone production in the US and more – FoneArena Daily CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Google Arts and Culture unveils virtual exhibition on Indian women IANS | Mumbai Nov 19, 2016 03:16 PM IST Technology giant Google has on Saturday, through its cultural arm Google Arts & Culture, unveiled a virtual collection of artworks and exhibitions on the life of Indian women in history -- spanning 2,500 years and from 26 cultural institutions across the country, the company said in a statement here. 'Women in India: Unheard Stories,' is a collection of over fifty virtual exhibitions with more than 1,800 artworks, photographs and videos, captures the stories of India's unsung heroines ranging from goddesses to leaders, artists and doctors. "This project is an effort to recognise the impact of Indian women in history and their impact on culture and while looking at where we are, we also wanted to look forward and inspire women and leaders of the future," said Luisella Mazza, Head of Operations at Google Cultural Institute, while speaking at the launch. The immersive narratives, which includes exemplars like Rakhmabai -- the first practicing woman doctor -- and Muthulakshmi Reddi -- the first woman legislator -- as well as artworks by several young women artists, were in partnership with Zubaan Books, India's first feminist publisher, and can be accessed at g.co/WomenOfIndia. "It is our ongoing effort to make important cultural material available and accessible to everyone and to digitally preserve it to educate and inspire future generations," Mazza added. Google Arts & Culture created by the Google Cultural Institute is a new, immersive way to experience art, history, culture and world wonders from over a thousand organisations worldwide. Users can also tour historical exhibits that capture stories from as early as the 1st century BCE from the Indian Museum in Kolkata, on Saktirupena - on how the Mother Goddess has been depicted in Indian art across millennia. Additionally, there are 17 new virtual exhibits from the Centre for Art & Archaeology of the American Institute of Indian Studies. Users can also explore gigapixel images captured by using our latest innovation, The Art Camera - a robotic, custom built camera that moves to capture hundreds of high resolution close-ups of the painting. These collections by can be explored on the web, iOS and Android. --IANS rt/vgu/vm Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Staff crunch likely to restrict I-T scanner on bank deposits Suspect cash: I-T Dept warns violators will face seven years in jail Demonetisation: Daily wagers fighting the crisis by skipping one meal a day 116 killed in train accident near Kanpur At Azadpur mandi, wealthy agents getting coolies to double up as cash mules to exchange old notes More From Current Affairs Don't make fun of the people's sufferings, Mamata tells Modi Aamir at Geeta Phogat's marriage, dubs 'Dangal' his wedding gift Indian American sentenced to prison for helping IS terror organisation Ex-gratia for train accident victims unchanged for 19 years ISL: Chennaiyin, ATK share spoils in 1-1 draw [ more ] Top Stories Tata Power: Stormy board meet ahead Indian IT needs to reboot A question of independence T C A Srinivasa-Raghavan: Three shades of black Abheek Barua & Bidisha Ganguly: The Trump trade [ more ] Markets Commodity picks: 21 November, 2016 Street signs: Bad timing for LafargeHolcim's stake hike in Ambuja, ACC Positive impact on FY18 earnings from demonetisation: Vikas Khemani, Edelweiss Securities Improving fundamentals back rally in base metals Donald Trump's victory hits emerging markets hard [ more ] Companies Tata group's innovation targets remain the same: Gopichand Katragadda Advisory firm questioned independence of Wadia, Parekh last year Dish TV: Merger gains outweigh integration challenges Skipping BS-V norms is a smart act: Cummins Chairman & CEO A question of independence [ more ] Opinion Analogies galore All about notes Knock knock... Indian IT needs to reboot A question of independence [ more ] Latest News Politicians grin and bear it Analogies galore All about notes Knock knock... Tata group's innovation targets remain the same: Gopichand Katragadda [ more ] Today's Paper Demonetisation: Daily wagers fighting the crisis by skipping one meal a day Over Rs 6 lakh cr deposits, Rs 1.35 lakh cr withdrawals Bollywood biggies turn their attention to Marathi cinema People are supporting PM Modi's bold move: Nirmala Sitharaman FY17 GDP growth faces cash crunch heat [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TJF5eK Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Register Now Existing Canindia User login Forgot Password? Close it EDITORIAL Pradip Rodrigues Sabrina Almeida Guest Column Opinion/Commentary NEWS Community Diaspora Canada India South Asia World Business ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood Hollywood Music LIFESTYLE Art/Culture/Books Automobiles Books Education Employment Fashion Food Health Living Restaurants Sci-Tech SPORTS Athletics Badminton Cricket Football Golf Hockey Motorsports OtherSports Tennis EPAPER ADVERTISE CONTACT CAREERS WHAT IS CI REWARDS? EDITORIAL Pradip Rodrigues Sabrina Almeida Guest Column Opinion/Commentary NEWS Community Diaspora Canada India South Asia World Business ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood Hollywood Music LIFESTYLE Art/Culture/Books Automobiles Books Education Employment Fashion Food Health Living Restaurants Sci-Tech SPORTS Athletics Badminton Cricket Football Golf Hockey Motorsports OtherSports Tennis EPAPER Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Home India Google Arts and Culture unveils virtual exhibition on Indian women November 19th, 2016 CanIndia New Wire Service 0 comments 8 Mumbai, Nov 19 (IANS) Technology giant Google has on Saturday, through its cultural arm Google Arts &amp; Culture, unveiled a virtual collection of artworks and exhibitions on the life of Indian women in history — spanning 2,500 years and from 26 cultural institutions across the country, the company said in a statement here. ‘Women in India: Unheard Stories,’ is a collection of over fifty virtual exhibitions with more than 1,800 artworks, photographs and videos, captures the stories of India’s unsung heroines ranging from goddesses to leaders, artists and doctors. “This project is an effort to recognise the impact of Indian women in history and their impact on culture and while looking at where we are, we also wanted to look forward and inspire women and leaders of the future,” said Luisella Mazza, Head of Operations at Google Cultural Institute, while speaking at the launch. The immersive narratives, which includes exemplars like Rakhmabai — the first practicing woman doctor — and Muthulakshmi Reddi — the first woman legislator — as well as artworks by several young women artists, were in partnership with Zubaan Books, India’s first feminist publisher, and can be accessed at g.co/WomenOfIndia. “It is our ongoing effort to make important cultural material available and accessible to everyone and to digitally preserve it to educate and inspire future generations,” Mazza added. Google Arts &amp; Culture created by the Google Cultural Institute is a new, immersive way to experience art, history, culture and world wonders from over a thousand organisations worldwide. Users can also tour historical exhibits that capture stories from as early as the 1st century BCE from the Indian Museum in Kolkata, on Saktirupena – on how the Mother Goddess has been depicted in Indian art across millennia. Additionally, there are 17 new virtual exhibits from the Centre for Art &amp; Archaeology of the American Institute of Indian Studies. Users can also explore gigapixel images captured by using our latest innovation, The Art Camera – a robotic, custom built camera that moves to capture hundreds of high resolution close-ups of the painting. These collections by can be explored on the web, iOS and Android. –IANS rt/vgu/vm Tags Google Arts impact Indian Museum looking CanIndia New Wire Service Related Posts Ex-gratia for train accident victims unchanged for 19 years Nov 20th, 201608 Bhopal, Nov 20 (IANS) Even though the cost of living and medical treatment have shot up manifold in the... 120 killed in deadly train derailment near Kanpur (Intro Roundup) Nov 20th, 201609 Kanpur, Nov 20 (IANS) In one of the worst rail disasters in the country, at least 120 persons were killed... New drone will be for surveillance only: DRDO chief Nov 20th, 201608 Bengaluru, Nov 20 (IANS) The new unmanned aerial vehicle that the DRDO has developed and flight tested... Leave a Reply Cancel reply READ EPAPER ONLINE SIGNUP | LOGIN SOCIAL SHARE MOST READ THIS WEEK! Entertainment Marc Anthony's wife separates after he kissed his ex Jennifer Lopez Nov 19th, 2016 486 Entertainment Telugu star Shraavya Reddy blows her top as fans ask about her anatomy Nov 16th, 2016 545 Community Brampton pushes for revival of GTA-West highway plans Nov 11th, 2016 438 Entertainment Kylie Jenner is 'pregnant with Tyga’s baby' Nov 15th, 2016 181 Community Pickering airport could become a reality Nov 18th, 2016 279 Tags 9780 people 8048 India 5539 film 3789 statement 3559 country 3539 state 3338 study 3103 the Congress 2875 percent 2783 police 2539 reports 2472 time 2305 world 2290 Tuesday 2249 cent 2246 second 2219 children 2181 down 2161 Rs 2146 officials November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   ADVERTISE CONTACT US SUBMIT YOUR ARTWORK Back to top © 2015/2016 Can-India News a division of World Media Corp (Canada) Inc. All rights reserved. Can-India News Privacy Policy.
Home FEATURED Cellphones Notebooks Gaming Tablets Software Apple Working on Digital Glasses with AR Prowess November 19, 2016, By Sanjeev Ramachandran Share This Related Posts iOS 10.2: Top Anticipated Features Facebook Revving up Public Chatrooms via Messenger App Augmented Reality is still a blooming field relatively. But many companies have already set its eyes on this lucrative domain. And now, Apple has got its name registered as one among them. The word now is that the Cupertino Company has set its eye for an expansion on to augmented reality, and its initial venture will be something similar to what Google have previously experimented with. The company is reportedly working on a digital glass that will be incorporated with augmented reality capabilities. By picture, Apple’s glasses stays close to Google Glasses, working on a modus operandi that will have data collected through the glass and synced with the iPhone devices. The augmented reality data processed will be then overlaid onto the glass screen, either through a projector or by some other means. That means it’s never as complicated like the other ambitious AR headsets the rivals are working upon at present. Apple’s new AR glasses won’t be coming out before 2018 to the least, and this should give some breathing space for the company to experiment more; something which Google failed to materialize with Google Glasses. The longer dateline also raises the possibility of the project being scrapped, given that Apple is already nourishing its interest in the automobile field. But previous words from Apple CEO Tim Cook had already exposed the interests of the company in working with AR. Tim Cook is also someone who believes more in the potential of AR than that of virtual reality. However, recent reports have suggested that Apple is still continuing the hiring process of AR as well as VR experts, which could suggest that Apple might just blend some VR technologies in its due course. Posted in: Featured, Gadgets Related Articles iOS 10.2: Top Anticipated Features Facebook Revving up Public Chatrooms via Messenger App WhatsApp is Finally Offering Added Security via Two-Factor Authentication Bezel-less Screen to Remote Wireless Charging; Apple’s Ground Breaking Technologies for iPhone 8 No Spot for iPhone SE Next Year, Says Top Analyst « Previous Post « Google PhotoScan App to Digitize Your Old Photo Prints Next Post » Follow this blog Twitter Facebook RSS Tech Gaming Software Google PhotoScan App to Digitize Your Old Photo Prints iPad Pro 2017; Apple Pushing for Bezel-Free Variant alongside Massive iPad Pro Chrome Not Backing In-Built Ad-Blocking; Plans to Better Ads Instead Sphericam 3: Beast Certainly, But Not an Enchanting Beauty Google Overhauls Gmail to Offer Better & Faster Experience in iOS Nintendo Wii U Wound Up, Switch is Here PlayStation VR Arrives this October as the Cheapest Console VR Sony’s PlayStation Now Services to Hop on to PS3 Consoles Next Week Xbox One April Update to Usher in Voice Message Feature Sony Rolls Out Web-based PlayStation Vue TV Services for PS Devices Google PhotoScan App to Digitize Your Old Photo Prints iOS 10.2: Top Anticipated Features Google Keeps up Promise by Launching Standalone App Version of Android Auto There’s an App to Replicate MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar for Other Mac Devices Microsoft Wants to Glamorize Your Selfies with its New Android App DM on Facebook DM on Twitter Latest Tutorials Here’s How to Add Self-Made Stickers in iMessage How to Enable Night Mode and Freeform Apps in Android N Create Personalized Emojis in Snapchat; Here’s How Here’s How to Get Material Design on YouTube Web News Tips // Getting in Touch Have anything worth reading and writing about it, then why not send us an email to give us more details. We can't promise that everything we get will be on the top page of DeviceMAG, but we can assure you that we'll read all emails. If you want to get in touch here's where to do it: Contact us. The Team What drives us into doing what we do? It’s either passion or need. Here at DeviceMAG we take technology very serious, no matter if it’s a small gadget or a new device on the market. With a passion for everything that gets geeks high we’re here to feed you with the latest news. Read more about us. © 2008-2012 DeviceMag.com - All rights reserved | Privacy Policy
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Google lifts ban on Pixel phone resellers Google lifts ban on Pixel phone resellers by Joe Roberts 19 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments Earlier this week, Google banned hundreds of users who took advantage of a tax loophole to profit from reselling the company's Pixel phones. The customers in question bought the phone through Google's Project Fi carrier and ordered the handsets to be delivered to a reseller in New Hampshire, where there is no sales tax. This allowed the reseller to split the profit with customers, but the whole thing backfired once Google banned the accounts of those involved. Related: Pixel review Now, The Guardian reports, following numerous complaints, the company has reversed its decision, emailing users who had been banned, to say it had reviewed its appeals and re-enabled their accounts. Google said in the email that it “takes violations of our terms very seriously, and we ask that you review relevant terms and product policies to ensure that you understand them... Repeated violations of our terms may lead to account termination.” As originally reported by Daniel Eleff, owner of US money-saving site Dan’s Deals, Google users who took part in the practice of shipping phones to New Hampshire for reselling had their entire Google accounts suspended. That left them unable to use Mail, Photos, Documents, or any other Google apps linked to their account. One user even reported that a back-up account was also banned as it was listed on the main account used to buy the Pixel phone. Google's terms and conditions do prohibit any reselling, stating that customers “may only purchase Devices for your personal use [and] may not commercially resell any Device”. But the company was criticised for its outright banning of those involved, as it prevented the users from accessing stored photos or email, and was seen as a particularly hard line to take. Google emailed Eleff following his report, saying: "We prohibit the commercial resale of devices purchased through Project Fi or the Google Store so everyone has an equal opportunity to purchase devices at a fair price. Many of the accounts suspended were created for the sole purpose of this scheme. "After investigating the situation, we are restoring access to genuine accounts for customers who are locked out of many Google services they rely on.” WATCH: Google Pixel and Pixel XL Review Let us know what you think of the whole debacle in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Top Stocks to Buy in Augmented Reality Microsoft, Intel, Google, and STMicro could all benefit from the growth of the augmented reality market. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Nov 18, 2016 at 7:07PM The market for augmented reality apps and devices, which superimpose digital objects over real world ones, could grow from practically nothing today to $90 billion by 2020, according to tech M&A advisory firm Digi-Capital. After early blunders like Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Glass, the AR market recently gained mainstream momentum with the popularity of Niantic's Pokemon Go -- which prompted many investors to seek out AR-related stocks. Image source: Getty Images. Most "pure play" AR companies are start-ups instead of publicly traded companies. However, there are still a few ways that investors can gain valuable exposure to the AR market via bigger tech companies. Let's examine four such companies -- Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Google, and STMicroelectronics (NYSE:STM). Microsoft Microsoft's HoloLens can project 3D Minecraft on table tops, project interactive holograms of 3D designs for graphic and industrial designers, and even "teleport" another person's full-body hologram into your room. Several major partners, including Lowe's and Volvo, already use HoloLens to showcase their products in augmented reality. Microsoft's HoloLens. Image source: Microsoft. Microsoft's upcoming Windows 10 Creator Update will add 3D image capture and editing tools to the OS, which will enable artists and developers to create 3D objects which can be viewed in HoloLens and its upcoming VR headsets. Microsoft claims that the tools will be so user-friendly that 12-year-olds can create their own holograms. However, the developer version of HoloLens still costs $3,000 -- indicating that it won't become a mainstream gadget anytime soon. Intel Intel's major play on AR is Project Alloy, a reference design for AR headsets similar to the HoloLens. The device is powered by Intel's sixth generation Core processor and its RealSense depth-sensing cameras. Unlike HoloLens, Project Alloy doesn't need to be tethered to a PC. By offering this reference design to OEMs that want to quickly release AR headsets, Intel could widen its moat against challengers like Qualcomm. Intel's Project Alloy. Image source: Intel. Intel is also investing heavily in the computer vision technologies, which AR apps, drones, and autonomous cars need to "see" obstacles. It acquired computer vision companies Itseez and Movidius over the past year, which could enhance the ability of its RealSense cameras to identify objects and surfaces. Google Google has noticed the game-changing potential of Intel's RealSense cameras in the AR market. Earlier this year, it partnered with Intel to develop Project Tango, a platform which enables smartphones and tablets to identify real-world objects with the RealSense camera and project AR overlays on them. For example, a user looking through a Project Tango display could change the walls and floors of a real room, or put virtual masks and costumes on nearby people. We haven't heard much about Project Tango since then, but many industry watchers have suggested that the project could be merged with its new VR platform Daydream. Google has also invested heavily in Magic Leap, an AR start-up which is reportedly developing a mixed reality headset akin to the HoloLens. It's still unclear how all these pieces will come together, but Google will likely adopt a more cautious strategy after Glass flopped due to its awkward appearance, pricing issues, and privacy concerns. STMicroelectronics STMicroelectronics manufactures a wide variety of chips for connected cars, wearables, and Internet of Things gadgets. It also makes motion sensors (accelerometers and gyroscopes) for smartphones and tablets. STMicro lost ground in motion sensors to its smaller rival InvenSense over the past few years, but it recently launched an ultra-low power 6-axis gyroscope and accelerometer combo device designed specifically for VR and AR devices. The device has already been certified for use with both the Project Tango and Daydream platforms. As the AR and VR markets grow, rising demand for more motion sensors should enable STMicro to leverage its scale and offer its sensors at lower prices than InvenSense. STMicro is also heavily invested in the computer vision market -- it manufactures ADAS (advanced driver assistance systems) leader Mobileye's EyeQ computer vision chips, and produces LIDAR technologies for autonomous driving, AR, and VR uses with Microvision. The key takeaways Microsoft, Intel, Google, and STMicro all represent interesting ways to gain exposure to the AR market, but investors should note that they won't represent major sources of revenue for these companies yet. But if the market takes off over the next few years, all four companies could reap some big rewards. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of InvenSense and Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Nov 18, 2016 at 7:07PM Technology and Telecom Stocks STMicroelectronics NYSE:STM $9.42 up $0.15 (1.62%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $775.97 down $-10.19 (-1.30%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.95 down $0.07 (-0.20%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $60.35 down $0.29 (-0.48%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $760.54 down $-10.69 (-1.39%) Read More Should Microsoft Buy Fitbit? The Biggest Flops in Microsoft's History Microsoft Stock Surges Higher, but I'm Not Buying the Hype 2 Special Dividend Stocks For 2017 Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Alphabet Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Home Weather 71° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close How to spot fake news before you share it Mackenzie Concepcion, KPNX 5:51 PM. MST November 18, 2016 B.S. Detector, a Chrome extension, warns you if a Facbook link is from a questionable source. It uses a list that includes sites from across the political spectrum, including Blue Nation Review and the Bipartisan Report. (Photo: Screenshot) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST Amid growing criticism of Facebook and Google for failing to weed out fake news stories, resources to help identify misleading “news” websites have been spreading across the internet. According to a BuzzFeed analysis, fake stories outperformed real news stories on social media during the final three months of the election. Some critics have even gone as far as blaming Facebook for influencing the results. RELATED: Fake news threatens democracy, Obama says Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg says it’s “extremely unlikely” the social network influenced the outcome of the election, but did promise to offer users more tools to eliminate hoax stories. One tool you can already use is a Google Document -- created by Melissa Zimdars, an assistant professor at Merrimack College -- which gives tips for analyzing news sources. A list of potentially false, clickbait-y and satirical news sources has been removed from the document in order for the list to be expanded on and clarified. The websites that were on the list ran across the political spectrum, from the Blue Nation Review to Infowars.com. The list was originally meant as a resource for journalism students learning about media literacy but began to spread among media scholars and students as they shared and added to it. If you missed the list before it was removed, there's another website you can check called fakenewswatch.com that lists fake news websites.  The list categorizes websites into hoax news websites, satire websites and clickbait websites. If you use Google Chrome, there is another useful tool at your disposal to identify misleading stories on your newsfeed -- a browser extension called B.S. Detector. RELATED: How to spot fake news in your Facebook feed The extension flags Facebook articles shared from questionable sources. If you hover over the link, a red warning message will appear. The extension works by checking the article’s source against a manually-compiled list, which can be found here. Users can also submit requests to modify the extension’s settings on Github. These resources aren’t the only ways to avoid fake news on the internet. A good rule of thumb is to at least Google a news story before you share it. If it’s fake, you typically won’t find the information on a professional news site. Other tips include checking the “About Us” section, looking out for odd domain names and watching out for websites that end in “com.co.” Copyright 2016 KPNX CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS New analysis of the JonBenét Ramsey case Family thankful for support after mom's death Birdie Bus' roams Phoenix area to give rescued parrots forever homes Could cold-blooded killers go free? Valley man camping out for black Friday Lights of the World Lantern Festivals opens tonight in Chandler Jeremiah adopted on Nat'l adoption day More Stories The best Black Friday deals on Amazon right now Nov 19, 2016, 6:23 p.m. Popular hummus brand issues nationwide recall Nov 20, 2016, 7:45 a.m. Family of slain soldier booed on plane Nov 19, 2016, 12:15 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Health Detail Weather Alerts Closings & Delays Location Search Conditions More... Radars Skycams Talking Weather Weather Kid Monsoon Daily Forecast E-mails More Weather Local EVB Live Valley Arizona Politics National Politics Watchdog More... Call 12 For Action Money Sunday Square Off More Local Charlie Foxtrot Marijuana Side Effects Spanish Nation Now Traffic Gas Buddy Sports High School Sports Friday Night Fever NFL & Cardinals Olympics NBA & Suns MLB & Diamondbacks More... College & ASU NHL & Coyotes More Sports NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Community Contests Arizona Midday Wednesday's Child Blogs 12 Who Care More... Health Check 12 Real Men Wear Gowns AZ Healthy Skin Recipes The Pull List Magnify Money More Features Dollars & Sense Oscars Arizona Revealed Entertainment All-Star Kids Arizona Highways TV TD Jakes Your Voice Great Arizona Stories Instagram Turkey Tuesday Ways to Save Thankful About Meet The Team Join Our Team Contact 12 News TV Listings Advertise with Us NBC Shows More... Connect With Us Closed Captioning Procedures Terms Privacy RSS Justice Network FAQ Call For Action Ad Choices Community Rules FCC Public Inspection File Conversation Guidelines Newsletters More About Whats On NBC Survey © 2016 KPNX-TV Services Advertise With Us 12News Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC cars.com Career Builder Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
null
Home FEATURED Cellphones Notebooks Gaming Tablets Software Google PhotoScan App to Digitize Your Old Photo Prints November 19, 2016, By Sanjeev Ramachandran Share This Related Posts iPad Pro 2017; Apple Pushing for Bezel-Free Variant alongside Massive iPad Pro iOS 10.2: Top Anticipated Features The team behind Google Photos has just introduced a new app to digitally preserve your old photo prints. Called PhotoScan, the new app from Google aids to scan your old and precious photos, and store them digitally in your physical or cloud drives. PhotoScan is not the sole app that currently offers this function. In fact, there are many apps that let you save photos in scanned formats. But Google’s shot draws the line with one powerful factor; the ease with which Google lets its users scan multiple photos. One thing about Google is that they have been straight to the point with all their recent apps. Google Duo and Allo have provided an interface that lets users directly jump to what they have come for. Similarly, there isn’t any complex interface in the PhotoScan app that demands you to dig more with the app before you start using it. PhotoScan directly takes you to the in-app camera which comes with a round button at the bottom. Clicking that will pop-up four new augmented on-screen which users have to align with the dot on the center. The mechanism used by the app isn’t well perceivable, except four that it makes use of four snaps to bring out the final image. Google stresses that the app is aimed at scanning old photo prints, and we don’t think anyone would try this app just to scan a single photo. That’s exactly why the simplicity of the app matters. However, the speed does come at the cost of quality. PhotoScan effectively turns your images into digital images at good qualities, but don’t expect those images to have the quality of a regular flatbed scanner. It might even fail to replicate the standards of your smartphone’s megapixel counts. But still, it’s good at what it does, and PhotoScan definitely seems like a handy app to get things going with the flow. Google has also provided the option for users to get their photos saved to Google Drive, where photos can be arranged on the basis of facial recognition. The app has been made available for iOS and Android devices. Posted in: Software, Tech News Related Articles iPad Pro 2017; Apple Pushing for Bezel-Free Variant alongside Massive iPad Pro iOS 10.2: Top Anticipated Features Chrome Not Backing In-Built Ad-Blocking; Plans to Better Ads Instead Sphericam 3: Beast Certainly, But Not an Enchanting Beauty Google Overhauls Gmail to Offer Better & Faster Experience in iOS « Previous Post « iPad Pro 2017; Apple Pushing for Bezel-Free Variant alongside Massive iPad Pro Next Post » Apple Working on Digital Glasses with AR Prowess » Follow this blog Twitter Facebook RSS Tech Gaming Software Google PhotoScan App to Digitize Your Old Photo Prints iPad Pro 2017; Apple Pushing for Bezel-Free Variant alongside Massive iPad Pro Chrome Not Backing In-Built Ad-Blocking; Plans to Better Ads Instead Sphericam 3: Beast Certainly, But Not an Enchanting Beauty Google Overhauls Gmail to Offer Better & Faster Experience in iOS Nintendo Wii U Wound Up, Switch is Here PlayStation VR Arrives this October as the Cheapest Console VR Sony’s PlayStation Now Services to Hop on to PS3 Consoles Next Week Xbox One April Update to Usher in Voice Message Feature Sony Rolls Out Web-based PlayStation Vue TV Services for PS Devices Google PhotoScan App to Digitize Your Old Photo Prints iOS 10.2: Top Anticipated Features Google Keeps up Promise by Launching Standalone App Version of Android Auto There’s an App to Replicate MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar for Other Mac Devices Microsoft Wants to Glamorize Your Selfies with its New Android App DM on Facebook DM on Twitter Latest Tutorials Here’s How to Add Self-Made Stickers in iMessage How to Enable Night Mode and Freeform Apps in Android N Create Personalized Emojis in Snapchat; Here’s How Here’s How to Get Material Design on YouTube Web News Tips // Getting in Touch Have anything worth reading and writing about it, then why not send us an email to give us more details. We can't promise that everything we get will be on the top page of DeviceMAG, but we can assure you that we'll read all emails. If you want to get in touch here's where to do it: Contact us. The Team What drives us into doing what we do? It’s either passion or need. Here at DeviceMAG we take technology very serious, no matter if it’s a small gadget or a new device on the market. With a passion for everything that gets geeks high we’re here to feed you with the latest news. Read more about us. © 2008-2012 DeviceMag.com - All rights reserved | Privacy Policy
null
null

Jump to navigation Secondary Menu Jobs Offices Contact us For the media Search: Menu Donate EDF, Google Use Special Street View Cars to Map and Measure Leaks from Pittsburgh Natural Gas System Working with Peoples Gas and State, Local Officials to Reduce Waste, Emissions; Results Show Technology Can Help Reach Statewide Methane Goals November 15, 2016 Contact:  Jon Coifman, jcoifman@edf.org, 212-616-1325 Elaine Labalme, elaine.labalme@gmail.com, 412-996-4112 Mara Harris, maraharris@google.com, 650-713-9868 Barry Kukovich, Barry.D.Kukovich@peoples-gas.com, 412-430-3187 (PITTSBURGH, PA – November 15, 2016) Environmental Defense Fund and Google Earth Outreach today released online maps showing the location and size of methane leaks discovered beneath Pittsburgh city streets using specially-equipped Google Street View mapping cars. The project is designed to showcase cutting-edge technologies to help operators prioritize costly pipeline repair and replacement efforts. Peoples Gas, which owns the pipes, has been working to replace aging, leak-prone lines throughout its system, and invited EDF to bring the project to Pittsburgh. Leaks like the ones mapped by the team don’t usually pose an immediate safety threat, but leaking natural gas – which is mostly methane – has a powerful effect on the climate, packing 84 times the warming effect of carbon dioxide over a 20-year timeframe. Reducing methane leakage has also been a major focus of Gov. Tom Wolf’s efforts to ensure that Pennsylvania’s oil and gas sector is both cleaner and more competitive. “Methane leaks are a serious issue in cities across the country, and for the oil and gas industry as a whole. It’s a waste of customer resources, a waste of national resources, and a serious environmental challenge,” said EDF President Fred Krupp. “Replacing old, leaking pipes is an important opportunity to cut greenhouse emissions quickly. New data like this can help get the job done in a way that’s better for ratepayers and the environment alike.” The Pittsburgh maps are online at www.edf.org/climate/methanemaps. A video on the project is at http://tinyurl.com/MethaneMaps. Nearly half of Pittsburgh’s local gas lines are more than 50 years old. Street View mapping cars collected hundreds of thousands of readings over 320 miles of city streets between downtown, Oakland and Highland Park, chosen as a representative sample. Created from data taken over a period of months, the maps don’t paint a real-time picture. But they do reflect conditions facing Peoples Gas and dozens of other utilities, particularly in older cities. “Peoples approached the EDF to begin to measure and monitor methane releases from our pipelines, and we thank them for lending their expertise on this project,” said Morgan O’Brien, president and CEO of Peoples. “Peoples has embarked on a 20-year, multibillion dollar pipeline modernization and methane mitigation program. We will hone the data, technology and methodology developed during this project to drive our improvement plan throughout our entire pipeline system.”      Peoples is accelerating their pipe replacement effort, prioritizing the most populated areas in and around the Pittsburgh. They plan to continue working with EDF, along with researchers at Carnegie Mellon University, to expand methane monitoring efforts and maximize the resulting environmental benefits. New Technology Brings New Benefits The leak detection and measurement technology used in this project is newer and more sensitive than typically used by utilities generating far more information than most operators now collect. All utilities are required by law to monitor their lines and immediately fix leaks that pose a safety threat. But other leaks can and often do go undetected or unrepaired for long periods. Over time, the emissions add up. “Google has a close connection and long history with the Pittsburgh community, and shares its dedication to science, technology, and the environment. We are excited that Google technology can play an important role here, to power the measurement, analysis, and communication of environmental information,” said Karin Tuxen-Bettman, Program Manager for Google Earth Outreach. “Making this information more accessible can make a meaningful difference in people’s lives.” Utilities in New York and California are already publishing dynamic maps of their natural gas leaks. Sharing geographically-attributed leak data can help regulators and ratepayers track utilities’ leak management performance, and ensure cost-efficient emission reductions. In New Jersey, the state’s largest utility is using data collected by EDF and Google Earth Outreach to maximize the environmental benefits of a $900 million pipeline replacement program. Next Steps in Pennsylvania Pennsylvania has taken important steps to address the methane challenge across the oil and gas supply chain, putting it ahead of many other states. Earlier this year, Governor Tom Wolf proposed a multi-pronged strategy to reduce methane emissions from the state’s oil and gas sector, including best management practices to address pipeline leaks. But there’s more that can be done. “Pennsylvania should require more frequent leak surveys using state-of-the-art technology across the oil and gas supply chain, not just to find leaks, but also to measure them. That data should also be more accessible to both regulators and the public,” Krupp said. # # # Environmental Defense Fund (edf.org), a leading international nonprofit organization, creates transformational solutions to the most serious environmental problems. EDF links science, economics, law and innovative private-sector partnerships. Connect with us on EDF Voices, Twitter and Facebook. both Print Email to friend Stay informed Get updates and action alerts on environmental issues. Read our privacy policy. Donate now Main menu Home What we do How we work Our impact How you can help About us Blog About How you can help Blogs Jobs Media Publications & documents MyEDF Contact Signup for email alerts Read our privacy policy. EDF 257 Park Avenue South, New York, NY 10010 Donations/General Information (800) 684-3322 or email us Media contacts | Other contacts | About this site | Privacy policy Copyright © 2016 Environmental Defense Fund. All Rights Reserved. back to top
null
  Caracas, Sunday November 20,2016   Home | About us | Who's Who | Contacts | Help Search:  Venezuela Links Venezuela Overview Venezuelan Embassies & Consulates Around The World Sites/Blogs about Venezuela Venezuelan Newspapers Facts about Venezuela Venezuela Tourism Embassies in Caracas Colombia Links Colombia Overview Colombian Embassies & Consulates Around the World Government Links Embassies in Bogota Media Sites/Blogs about Colombia Educational Institutions Wall Street Stocks Commodity Prices Commodities Crude Oil US Gasoline Prices Natural Gas Gold Silver Copper Currencies Euro UK Pound Australia Dollar Canada Dollar Brazil Real Mexico Peso India Rupee Caribbean Antigua & Barbuda Aruba Barbados Cayman Islands Cuba Curacao Dominica Caribbean G-Z Grenada Haiti Jamaica Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Central America Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Honduras Nicaragua Panama North America Bahamas Bermuda Mexico South America Argentina Brazil Chile Guyana Paraguay Peru Uruguay Follow Us What's New at LAHT? Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Most Viewed on the Web Popular on Twitter Receive Our Daily Headlines   HOME | Science, Nature & Technology South Korea Refuses Google Access to Official Mapping Data SEOUL  South Korea refused on Friday to grant permission to Google to use the official maps of the country, citing security concerns with neighboring North Korea. This means the companys Google Maps service in South Korea will continue operating with strict restrictions. South Korea based its decision on the National Security Law, established in 1947, which lays down strict restrictions to protect the country from North Korea. The countrys ministry of land, infrastructure and transport said in a statement that Google will continue offering its services without being able to use government mapping data due to security reasons over the ongoing conflict between South and North Korea. According to the ministry, Google did not accept Seouls petition to remove or blur important defense or government facilities on its maps, including military bases and the presidential Blue House, located north of the countrys capital. Google has been offering its Maps service in South Korea since 2008 although it does not include walking or driving directions or 3D maps. Local companies, including Naver and Daum and GPR operators have benefitted the most from the restrictions on Google as their websites and applications offer complete map services. The U.S. company has been requesting for permission to use government mapping data since 2010.   Enter your email address to subscribe to free headlines (and great cartoons so every email has a happy ending!) from the Latin American Herald Tribune:   RSS Feed [ Home ] [ About Us ] [ Who's Who ] [ Contacts ] [ Help ] Copyright Latin American Herald Tribune - 2005-2015 © All rights reserved
The Spoof News Spoof news homepage ☰ Spoof NewsNews US HeadlinesUS UK HeadlinesUK World NewsWorld EntertainmentGossip Science & TechSci Tech SportSport BusinessBusiness Magazine ☰ Spoof XtraMore Spoof news archive On this day Snippets Jokes Fake Celebrity Diaries Discussion forum ☰ WritersWriters Top writers chart Writer search A-Z of writers Become a writer Search🔍   Self Driving Car Crashes After Texting And Playing Pokemon Go Written by XRhonda Speaks Topics: Google, crash, Ralph Nader Monday, 17 October 2016 A Google self driving car crashed into a police station while texting and playing Pokemon Go. Self driving cars were supposed to usher in a safe new era of travel for everyone on the road, but in the latest failure of the technology, a Google car has crashed into a police station in Lakewood Co. After analyzing recorders in the car, Google engineers have determined that the car was distracted by texts and it's efforts to play Pokemon Go while mapping a Lakewood neighborhood. Public Affairs Coordinator Sgt. Souderland for the Lakewood Police Department talked to reporters at a press conference at LPD Headquarters. "Our new police headquarters as you can see sustained only minor damage to a curb thanks to post 9/11 improvements in building design. Thankfully the Google car did not hit any other cars or pedestrians." "Now there is a question as to why the car had access to text and Pokemon Go and we're talking to the Google people about this. Google has agreed to temporarily stop mapping until access to texting and gaming apps can be disabled on the self-driving cars." Consumer advocate Ralph Nader criticized LPD for never having written a ticket for texting and driving or distracted driving due to cellphone use, even though the laws have been on the books for years. Nader wrote in an Op-Ed piece for the Rocky Mountain News: "It's ironic that this police department asked Google to stop mapping their city until things like Pokemon Go are disabled on their autonomous cars, self driving cars are safer per mile than the best human drivers. Meanwhile the city of Lakewood like many police forces across the country, is ignoring the real danger of distracted driving and has yet to issue a single ticket for texting and driving or failure to use a hands free device. We know texting and driving is at epidemic proportions with as many as one out of five drivers at any one time driving while distracted by their phones. The NTSB has correlated an increase in accidents with an increase in distracted drivers over the last decade." Nader summed up his remarks calling for an outright ban on most phone activities while people are driving. "Even using hands free devices on your phone while driving will increase your chances of having an accident over 100 times, it's time for the NTSB to put the brakes on distracted driving." Make XRhonda Speaks's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register, the thumbs are just down there!) The story above is a satire or parody. It is entirely fictitious. Do you dream of being a comedy news writer? Click here to be a writer! Follow @thespoof RSS Follow us on Twitter More by this writer Related Stories... Trump Defends His Newest Brand: Blind Trust™ 12 October 16 Is It Politically Correct to Swallow a Live Frog? 10 September 16 Google upgrades self-driving cars in New York with robotic hand to give the finger. 28 April 16 Google Googled Google Just To Ogle The Googles About Google. 03 September 15 Google Becomes Main Source Of Knowledge In Universe; God Steps Down. 09 May 15 Footage from colonoscopies to be added to Google Street View 13 March 15 IBM going the way of the T Rex? 27 January 15 Paxton on Paxton. How My Identity Was Stolen 25 January 15 Mailing List Get Spoof News in your email inbox! Email: What's 5 multiplied by 1? 3 11 5 15 Shared Pick Read Rated Can't decide? Get a random spoof news story! You are here: Spoof News / Science & Technology / Self Driving Car Crashes After Texting And Playing Pokemon Go Discussion Forum Become a writer! 125 readers are online right now! email password Go to top Spoof news US Headlines World News Entertainment Science & Tech Sport Business Magazine   UK News Visit TheSpoof UK Spoof Xtra Snippets Jokes Fake celebrity diaries Caption competition More funny sites Get spoof news emails RSS Feeds Discussion forum Our writers Top writers chart Featured writer: Jeff Brone Become a spoof writer Writer search A-Z of writers Writers login   Follow us on Twitter Find us on Facebook Archive Search The Spoof Spoof news archive On this day Hot spoof news Random story About About The Spoof Site map Copyright © 2016 Spoof Media Ltd. All items on this website are fictitious. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental or is intended purely as a satire, parody or spoof. Please see our terms and conditions and disclaimer. We use cookies to give you the best experience, this includes cookies from third party websites and advertisers. ✔ Continue ? Find out more
Share 17 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-19 American Music Awards 2016: Live Stream, Performers, Presenters — Everything You Need To Know About The AMAs Entertainment 2016-11-19 Mike Pence Booed At ‘Hamilton’ Appearance: See Video Of The Message The Musical’s Cast Delivered To The Vice President-Elect Entertainment, Movies, News 2016-11-18 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Star Emilia Clarke Is Latest Addition To ‘Han Solo’ Film Entertainment 2016-11-18 Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-20 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream News 2016-11-20 Jessica Whelan Loses Battle With Cancer, Father’s Heartbreaking Photo Brought Awareness To Suffering She Endured News 2016-11-20 Ser Je Da Be Search Update: Missing 13-Year-Old Abducted By 22-Year-Old Ex-Boyfriend And In ‘Extreme Danger,’ Police Say News 2016-11-20 Queen Elizabeth And Prince Philip Celebrate 69 Years Of Marriage Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-20 NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight Sports 2016-11-20 Floyd Mayweather Jr. Vs. Conor McGregor: Celebrities Weigh In On Possible Fight Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ Survival DLC: Gameplay Review Of Vendor Reset For 1.5 Update — Alpha Bridge Weapon Builds Likely The Strongest And Talent Requirements More Attainable Gaming 2016-11-20 10-Ban Drafting System For ‘League Of Legends’ Leaked Sooner Than Expected Gaming 2016-11-20 PS4 Vs. PS4 Pro Graphics: ‘FFXV,’ ‘Uncharted 4,’ ‘Last Of Us’ Performance Examined Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Pokemon Sun’ And ‘Moon’ Players Relentlessly Soft Resetting For Shiny Starters BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald J. Trump Twitter: I Watched ‘SNL’ Last Night, It Is A Totally One-Sided, Biased Show — Nothing Funny At All [Videos] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 Mike Pence And ‘Hamilton’: VP-Elect Booed, Hears A Few Words From The Cast At The Show — Was It Appropriate? [Poll] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 WWII Shipwrecks Vanish From Pacific Ocean: Sunken Dutch, British Warships, And A U.S. Submarine Mysteriously Disappear From Bottom Of Java Sea SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Android 7.0 Nougat Status Update For Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, S6, S6 Edge, Note 5, And Tab S2 Mobile 17 0 0 November 18, 2016 Android 7.0 Nougat Status Update For Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, S6, S6 Edge, Note 5, And Tab S2 Venus Montalbo After releasing the Android 7.0 Nougat beta update for Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge owners who signed up for the Galaxy Beta Program, the South Korean tech conglomerate seems to be picking up the pace as it has reportedly started working on the development of the latest Google firmware for other Galaxy devices. Good news for Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge users in China: the Galaxy Beta Program is now available in the country. Already rolled out to registered testers located in South Korea, U.S., and the U.K., Chinese owners of the 2016 Samsung flagship devices who wish to test out Google’s Android 7.0 Nougat update can already do so by applying for the beta program, according to GSM Arena’s post. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="375" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GKdpHIycKb8?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> While the first build version of Android 7.0 Nougat beta update is now being released to Samsung Galaxy S7 lineup in China, Europe, on the other hand, is already getting the second test build for the latest Android iteration. It does not come with huge changes, though, as only minor bug fixes were discovered from the newest Nougat beta build, Phandroid reported. To be able to register for the beta program, a Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge owner needs to have an active Samsung account. After the application, make sure to download the Galaxy Beta Program app via the Samsung Members app or the Galaxy Apps. Take note, as well, that the Android Nougat beta update is not compatible with special edition models such as the Olympic Games Limited Edition and Injustice Edition, a previous Inquisitr report noted. [Image by David Ramos/Getty Images] Since the Android 7.0 Nougat update for Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge is still in beta testing, it is only natural to expect performance issues and stability concerns during the process. One of the biggest known problems, so far, is that those with Samsung Gear VR cannot use their headset with their device. Explaining the problem, a post from VR Heads noted the following. “Basically, your Oculus app hasn’t been updated to support the newer version of Android on your phone. When the app on your phone tries to connect to the Oculus Store, the error you’re seeing stops the rest of the virtual environment from loading. There’s no way around this right now, and because Samsung’s Beta Program is not yet performance optimized it’s unlikely we’ll see an Oculus Services update to address this in the immediate future.” Unfortunately, the beta program offers no solution for the problem yet. If you want to continue using the Samsung Gear VR, the only way to do so is to go back to the latest stable version of the Samsung firmware, which will entail you first to deregister from the Galaxy Beta program. Meanwhile, owners of older Samsung Galaxy flagship models will be glad to know that there seems to be development on the status of Android 7.0 Nougat OS for their devices. For instance, Samsung is reportedly working now on the Nougat firmware for Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge models. The initial software version has a build number XXS5DPK7, as reported by Sam Mobile, but one should expect that it will change once the final firmware build rolls out for the 2015 Samsung flag bearers. [Image by David Ramos/Getty Images] In addition to Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge, it looks like the Android Nougat update is already in the works for Samsung Galaxy Note 5 and the Galaxy Tab S2, according to a separate post from GSM Arena. Although Android Nougat firmware development for Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, S6, S6 Edge, Tab S2, and Note 5 is already ongoing, it is unlikely for the final mobile software builds to arrive soon as it may take months for the testing phase to complete. Unfortunately, those who are looking forward receiving the Nougat update before the year ends may be disappointed to know that the prevailing ballpark for the release schedule suggests that Samsung may roll out the latest Android firmware update in 2017, and this applies not only to previous Galaxy models, but also to the newest flagships, the S7 and S7 Edge models. [Featured Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] Now Read This: OnePlus 4 News And Rumors: Dual-Camera, All-Glass Monster To Face-Off With iPhone 8 Share 17 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Venus Montalbo Tags: android, Android Nougat, samsung, Samsung Galaxy Comments LATEST HEADLINES NBA Trade Rumors: John Wall, Anthony Davis Top List Of Franchise Players On Trade Block Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight ‘Buy Nothing Day’ Events Planned In Over 60 Countries For Black Friday And Saturday Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream ‘The Simpsons’ Marathon: 600 Episodes Planned In a Row, Starting Thanksgiving Day Electoral Map 2016 Results: Will Michigan Soon Be Called For President-Elect Donald Trump? WWE News: Paul Heyman Reveals His Original Plans For Brock Lesnar At ‘Survivor Series’ And ‘WrestleMania 33’ Matches Jana Duggar Still The Target Of Cruel Criticism And Rumors As Her Younger Sisters Court And Marry Off Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Take The Poll: Dump Trump? Should Electoral College Switch Election To Clinton? 6.4k 0 0 Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 13.2k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 872 0 0 Donald Trump On LGBT Issues: Poised To Be First President To Appoint An Openly Gay Cabinet Member 8.6k 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 3.7k 0 0 Michelle Obama’s Designer Refuses To Dress Melania Trump As First Lady, Says ‘Integrity Is Our Only True Currency’ 2.1k 0 0 Obama Has Deported More Immigrants Than Trump Is Saying He Will 9.5k 0 0 Recent Headlines Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason 0 0 0 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream 3 0 0 Electoral Map 2016 Results: Will Michigan Soon Be Called For President-Elect Donald Trump? 0 0 0 Kylie Jenner Dissed By ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Champ After Wearing This 0 0 0 WWE News: Paul Heyman Reveals His Original Plans For Brock Lesnar At ‘Survivor Series’ And ‘WrestleMania 33’ Matches 56 0 0 Jana Duggar Still The Target Of Cruel Criticism And Rumors As Her Younger Sisters Court And Marry Off 10 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News AFL Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Sport Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Photo Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Home World Race to the White House November 19 2016 Save Print US election shines light on fake news as the new reality Josephine Tovey Contact via Email Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More In the lead-up to the US election, FBI director James Comey's letter about the agency looking into newly discovered emails related to the Hillary Clinton investigation dealt a significant blow to her campaign. But for many voters, the damning FBI intrigue only deepened from there. Hundreds of thousands of people on Facebook saw a shocking follow-up story: "FBI agent suspected in Hillary email leaks found dead in apparent murder-suicide". Don't Play Up Next Video duration 00:54 Twitter, Google, Facebook change policies Cancel Replay Replay Video Icon Player help icon More News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:54 Twitter, Google, Facebook change policies Video duration 00:31 Train derails in India, killing dozens Video duration 01:27 Who are the Rohingya? Video duration 01:50 Pope warns of 'epidemic of animosity' Video duration 01:22 Mike Pence gets booed at Hamilton Video duration 01:11 Japan's Abe meets Trump in hastily arranged NY meeting Video duration 01:27 Trump settles Trump University fraud lawsuits Video duration 01:53 Trump administration appointees worry faith groups More videos Twitter, Google, Facebook change policies Online media giants are changing their policies to combat bullying and improve accuracy. The thing is, the second story was a complete fabrication, about a fictional FBI agent in a fictional American town and published on a fictional newspaper's website - "The Denver Guardian". But that didn't stop the story's spread: it was picked up by numerous other rogue websites and shared by outraged Americans on Facebook posting comments such as   "Wow two more to the Clinton body count!" and "Someone needs to stop that murdering witch!" In the election post-mortem, the role of Facebook and other online platforms has come under intense scrutiny. Its influence on our news consumption is well established: almost half of American adults (44 per cent) say they get news from Facebook, according to a Pew study. Related Content The most dangerous person on the planet isn't who you think Facebook v the facts in post-truth politics A familiar thread of critiques of Facebook is the "bubble" effect - people's social media feeds only exposing them to content they agree with from their like-minded friends and family, intensifying their beliefs and prejudices, and blinding them to others. But the other thread, which is gaining increasing attention, is what is proliferating inside some of these bubbles: fake news, usually with outrageous clickbait headlines, which is warping our sense of what is real and what isn't. Advertisement One analysis by Buzzfeed this week found engagement with the most popular fake news content -  such as the "Denver Guardian" story, or another one erroneously claiming Pope Francis had endorsed Trump - intensified significantly in the final three months of the election campaign, so much so that the engagement (measured by shares, reactions and comments) of the top 20 stories from fake sites surpassed that of the top 20 stories from major mainstream news websites. There were fake stories on both sides, but they overwhelmingly advantaged Trump - 17 of the top 20 stories were pro-Trump or anti-Clinton, the website found (Facebook responded to that analysis on Wednesday by saying despite the high levels of engagement for these 20 stories, they represented only a "tiny fraction" of the total on the platform.) Mark Zuckerberg, chief executive officer and founder of Facebook. Photo: Bloomberg One creator of viral hoaxes, Paul Horner, expressed some surprised to The Washington Post on Thursday that his bunkum work was so successful, and even picked up by members of the president-elect's campaign. "His campaign manager posted my story about a protester getting paid $3500 as fact. Like, I made that up. I posted a fake ad on Craigslist," said Horner. "I just wanted to make fun of that insane belief, but it took off. They actually believed it." Fake news stories abounded on Facebook in the US election campaign.  Facebook's chief executive and founder Mark Zuckerberg has publicly dismissed the notion that fake news on his platform had coloured the election. He told a tech conference last weekend that the notion fake news had influenced the election in "any way" was a "pretty crazy idea". But others in the industry have not been so certain. Google's chief executive Sundar Pichai told the BBC he was "not sure" if it had helped swing the election, which had extremely tight margins in some states, and asserted a willingness to address the issue. "It is a learning moment for us and we will definitely work to fix it," he said. Both Facebook and Google announced on Monday they would work to stop fake news websites from using their advertising services,  one step to remove the financial incentive for creating fake news in the first place. "Moving forward, we will restrict ad serving on pages that misrepresent, misstate or conceal information about the publisher, the publisher's content or the primary purpose of the web property," Andrea Faville, a Google spokeswoman, said in a statement to The New York Times. Dealing with the issue is complex though. For one, there are different types of news misleading the public - some news is wholly fake, designed to deceive and easy to debunk, like the dead FBI agent story, or the Pope's endorsement of Trump. Others are vague and unverified tales  - such as one this week about anti-Trump protesters preventing an ambulance from reaching a desperate man, a father of a four-year-old girl, who went on to die as a result. One of the many hyper-partisan right-wing websites that carried the story, AmericanNews.com, said supporters of Hillary Clinton "are on the streets putting the safety of all Americans in jeopardy". "They are doing more harm than good and they need to be stopped." But none of the websites carrying this story could say where it happened, or who the man was, citing a single screenshot of an anonymous post on Facebook as their source. Neither Fairfax, nor the fact-checking website Snopes, could find any correlating reports or information to verify it (AmericanNews.com did not respond to a request for comment). But the story has nevertheless flourished on Facebook, where it has been shared by thousands of people, riling supporters of the  president-elect in a country already on edge. There are also stories produced by sites that claim to be satire that are nevertheless taken seriously by many readers. The Burrard Street Journal, a Canadian website, make clear on its "about" page that it produces "satire and comedy" and that its stories are fiction, but its piece about Barack Obama refusing to leave office if Trump was elected was nevertheless picked up and shared as news by scores of other sites in September. And then of course, there's the issue of incorrect stories in the "mainstream media": fabricated stories in top-selling celebrity magazines about phantom pregnancies and engagements, or factual errors by major news organisations - a problem from which Fairfax is not immune, though at least it, like most reputable publications, will correct them.  Nevertheless, the pressure is on for Facebook to take far greater responsibility in cases where fake news is deliberate and clear cut. "When the company decided it wanted to reduce spam, it established a policy that limited its spread," Associate Professor Zeynep Tufekci, from University of North Carolina School of Information and Library Science, wrote in The New York Times this week. "If Facebook had the same kind of zeal about fake news, it could minimise its spread, too." This could include flagging or differentiating sites that produce fake news, she argued. "In addition to doing more to weed out lies and false propaganda, Facebook could tweak its algorithm so that it does less to reinforce users' existing beliefs, and more to present factual information," she wrote. "This may seem difficult, but perhaps the Silicon Valley billionaires who helped create this problem should take it on before setting out to colonise Mars." As Facebook grapples with this issue, Trump's election also presents an even greater challenge. Given that the president-elect's team has spread fake news before, and that he himself has actively peddled conspiracy theories - from the "birther" lie about Obama to insinuating Ted Cruz's father was involved in the JFK assassination - as he enters the White House, the relationship between what's real and what's fake in the news will grow ever more complex. Related Content Google moves to restrict ads on fake news sites Facebook influence questioned following election shock Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular For the first time in India, the rich beg the poor to help them If Trump wants to help whites without jobs, why must the black and brown pay? At least 119 killed in train derailment in India Schapelle Corby given return date to Australia Trump demands cast of Hamilton apologise to Mike Pence Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Trump demands cast of Hamilton apologise to Mike Pence For the first time in India, the rich beg the poor to help them If Trump wants to help whites without jobs, why must the black and brown pay? Schapelle Corby given return date to Australia Fake news is the new reality The Age Springvale Commonwealth Bank fire: Inside the life of alleged bank attacker From senator to sawmill owner, the rise and rise of Ricky Muir Trump demands cast of Hamilton apologise to Mike Pence 'A fleeting taste of summer': Victoria expected to sizzle ... for a couple of days Rival groups rally in Melbourne as tragedy fuels tension The Sydney Morning Herald The suburb that Sydney left behind How I quit sugar and alcohol and became a better husband Trump demands cast of Hamilton apologise to Mike Pence X Factor's dire on-set conditions revealed Schapelle Corby given return date to Australia Brisbane Times Mum dead, son stable after Woolloongabba driveway accident Computer fault halts Movie World's Green Lantern ride X Factor's dire on-set conditions revealed Apple acknowledges existence of iPhone-bricking glitch Schapelle Corby given return date to Australia Canberra Times Russians retaliate: your car was old and rusty Family thanked for son's gift of life From senator to sawmill owner, the rise and rise of Ricky Muir How I quit sugar and alcohol and became a better husband 30,000 Canberrans ask the government to fix their streets WA Today WA leavers: - no booze - but here's 10,000 condoms Dunsborough man 'breaks dentures' after home caged in by building site Three women killed in horror weekend on West Australian roads X Factor's dire on-set conditions revealed Perth Stadium footbridge could now cost a whopping $70 million Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2016Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Mobile World FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Google Boasts Pixel Security, Says It's “Better, Faster, Stronger” GO For anyone doubting the safety of these devices Nov 19, 2016 01:48 GMT  ·  By Andrei Vlad  ·  Share:  Android has always been bashed on the matter of security and the things clearly won't improve in the immediate future. At least, not as long as software companies knowingly put backdoors inside Android phones without customers' consent. Although Google is trying to patch all the exploits and bugs that are discovered each month, currently it's almost impossible to make Android bulletproof when it comes to security. Nevertheless, Google's Nexus lineup has always been among the safest Android devices available on the market, and with the launch of the new Pixel phones, the search giant has boosted the security even further. According to a recent blog post, both Pixel smartphones benefit from enhanced encryption implementation, which is supposed to improve the user experience, performance, as well as the security of the device. There's a lot going on under Pixel's raw Android experience, especially when it comes to security and safety of data. Most of the new security features implemented in the Pixel phone are possible thanks to Android 7.0 Nougat, so they will possibly be added to other phones as well. The new Pixel phones are encrypted by default Google notes that the new Pixel and Pixel XL phones are encrypted by default. One of the many security features introduced in Nougat is the file-based encryption, which means different files are encrypted with different keys that can be unlocked independently. Also, the Pixel phones have been enhanced with TrustZone security. Basically, the most recent processor “provides a means to execute code in a mode than remains secure even if the kernel is compromised.” Android Nougat has introduced a new feature that allows all disk encryption keys to be stored encrypted with keys held by TrustZone software. Moreover, the Pixel phones benefit from an inline hardware encryption engine, which is supposed to allow them to write encrypted data at line speed to the flash memory. Be sure to check Google's blog post for more details on Pixel security. #Google Pixel#Android security#Pixel XL#Pixel smartphone#Android exploit subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Google Suspends Lots of Pixel Buyers' Accounts for Reselling Them - Update Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China - Update Fans Rejoice, Google Launches Official Android Account on Instagram Google Pixel Gets Hacked in Less than One Minute, Apple's Safari in 20 Seconds Michigan State University Hacked, Personal Info, Social Security Numbers Stolen New York Wants Donald Trump to Introduce Laws Forcing Apple to Hack iPhones Microsoft Xbox, PlayStation, Other Popular Twitter Accounts Hacked Kapustkiy Breaks into Indian Regional Council Server, 17,000 Users Exposed Microsoft Launches Windows Defender Hub for Windows 10 Michigan State University Hacked, Personal Info, Social Security Numbers Stolen New York Wants Donald Trump to Introduce Laws Forcing Apple to Hack iPhones Microsoft Xbox, PlayStation, Other Popular Twitter Accounts Hacked    Pixel smartphones new android apps Microsoft Band APK: Updated November 20th, 16:21 GMT Microsoft Classroom APK: Updated November 20th, 16:14 GMT Fingerprint Gestures APK: Updated November 20th, 16:11 GMT MileIQ APK: Updated November 20th, 16:09 GMT Facebook Messenger APK: Updated November 20th, 16:03 GMT MP3 Video Converter APK: Updated November 20th, 16:00 GMT MiXplorer APK: Updated November 20th, 12:45 GMT Reader comments Google Suspends Lots of Pixel Buyers' Accounts for Reselling Them - Update more on: Google Pixel i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
null
Date: Log InSubscribeAdvertiseAbout UsContactArchives Home News Business National Review Opinion Op-Ed Editorial Letters Sports Lifestyles Health & Wellness Education Pulse Arts & Culture Spice 2014 Hurricane Supplement Home & Fashion Religion Obituaries Today's News RBC collaborates with Fortune 500 technology company to build business Published: Nov 18, 2016 Share This: Rate this article: Add To favourite On Thursday, October 27, RBC Royal Bank collaborated with Google on a diversity and inclusion initiative titled Accelerate with Google to share with the business community the benefits and possibilities of leveraging technology. In a one-day seminar featuring two sessions conducted by the Google team, over 60 large and small business clients were introduced to RBC products and services in tandem with Google options that can maximize business profit. “Today, our clients have gained value through new knowledge and information on how to become more visible via online mediums. This will lead to them gaining more clients, as we purpose to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. RBC is pleased to have partnered with the team at Google, to offer this invaluable information to those in attendance,” said Nathaniel Beneby, managing director, RBC Royal Bank, Northern Caribbean. The seminar opened the door for business owners to work with an RBC officer to find a cheaper and more efficient distribution chain for products and services through the bank’s e-commerce services. E-commerce is full of potential in terms of reducing administrative costs from in-store traffic while potentially increasing sales from customers who do not have the time or ability to visit a physical store. E-commerce is the ability to buy and sell goods online. According to statista.com, some 41 percent of global Internet users having purchased products online in 2013. As of 2015, online shopping is thriving in China, Germany, India, Brazil and the United Kingdom. Royal Bank hopes to make The Bahamas and the Caribbean at large the next thriving center for e-commerce. Wayne Johnson, a seminar attendee and small business owner, thought the event was critical to taking e-commerce to the next level. “It’s so important that we see e-commerce outside of gaming and this forum allowed us business owners to do that,” he said. His sentiments were echoed by Inderia Saunders, owner of Indi Media, a public relations consultancy with clients across The Bahamas and the Caribbean, found the information presented helpful. “As an entrepreneur I’d like to take my business and that of my clients from regional to global. Events like this provide a step-by-step guide that connects the dots that make that transition possible. Working with Google tools allows businesses to move from potential to profit by exposing businesses to clients. Google is the well-known Internet search engine that has provided information to the world for the past 18 years. What many people do not know is that the powerful platform can allow businesses to be seen by people all over the world by simply using other Google products, many of which are free. Kristie Powell, senior technical account manager, a Bahamian employed by Google Inc., led her colleagues in presenting three Google platforms to RBC business customers that could take their companies to the next level including Google My Business, Google AdWords and Google Analytics. Google My Business is a free and easy-to-use tool for businesses, brands, artists, and organizations to manage their online presence across Google, including Search and Maps. By verifying and editing your business information, brands can help customers find them while telling them the story of your business. AdWords is an advertising service by Google for businesses wanting to display ads on Google and its advertising network. The AdWords program enables businesses to set a budget for advertising and only pay when people click the ads. Google Analytics is a free web service offers by Google that tracks and reports website traffic so that businesses can be better informed about customers and the way they interact with products. In an open panel discussion with the Google team following the formal presentation, attendees also learned about other products including AdSense, and Google trends all with the singular goal of improving business. RBC prides itself on helping clients thrive and communities prosper be offering competitive, cutting edge e-commerce services that allow businesses to be competitive. Digitally enabled bank management is one of the many things that can help small business build and thrive. Once businesses thrive, RBC is certain the community will prosper, Google it. Add comment Comments Name:  Email:  Submit Note: Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. The Nassau Guardian reserves the right not to publish comments that may be deemed libelous, derogatory or indecent. Refresh Last Updated on Saturday, 19 November 2016 00:10   Work for us Community Relations Corrections/Suggestions Contact The Nassau Guardian Make us your homepage Events About Us Newsletter & alerts . Quick Links Home News Business National Review Opinion Sports Lifestyles Religion Obituaries Today's News TNG LinksAdvertise with usHelpContact UsPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsSite Map © 2016 The Nassau Guardian. All Rights Reserved.
null
MENU GO 33 Watch Live more... Watch Live News Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Weather Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Investigates Sports Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Deer Hunt 2016 Good Day WI Cooking With Amy Makeovers Living Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips The Better Half On Fox 11 Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers Public School Experience CIRCA more... News Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Weather Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Investigates Sports Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Deer Hunt 2016 Good Day WI Cooking With Amy Makeovers Living Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips The Better Half On Fox 11 Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers Public School Experience CIRCA Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Deer Hunt 2016 Cooking With Amy Makeovers Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips The Better Half Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers Public School Experience Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Deer Hunt 2016 Cooking With Amy Makeovers Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips The Better Half Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers Public School Experience Watch Live News Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Weather Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Investigates Sports Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Deer Hunt 2016 Good Day WI Cooking With Amy Makeovers Living Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips The Better Half On Fox 11 Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers Public School Experience CIRCA Experts concerned over surge of fake news stories during election by Leandra Bernstein FILE - In this Sept. 16, 2016, file photo, Lisa Gao, from Chicago, compares a new jet black iPhone 7, right, with her iPhone 6 at an Apple Store in Chicago. (AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato, File) AA The last election has been described as one of the most divisive in American history. Voters were overwhelmed with headlines every day and exposed to candidates' statements that were sometimes stranger than fiction. At the same time they were also bombarded over social media with fake news stories designed as irresistible hyper-partisan clickbait. There is some skepticism over how much the fake news influenced Donald Trump's victory over Hillary Clinton, but according to media experts, the phenomenon is impacting American democracy. Earlier this week, Buzzfeed published its own shocking election results showing how social media users engaged more with election news stories posted on fraudulent news sites, than stories carried by traditional news outlets in the final months before the election. According to data obtained from Facebook, the 20 top-performing false election stories generated more than 8.7 million shares, reactions and comments compared to 7.36 million engagements on the 20 best-performing election stories from major news media outlets. Facebook shares of fake news stories stayed relatively low throughout the primary election, but hit a near exponential rise after the Republican and Democratic conventions. "This was the social media election," said Joseph Mazer, director of the social media program at the University of Clemson. After seeing the recent surge in patently false stories, Mazer noted that social media companies need to be doing more to ensure that their platforms are not used to spread disinformation that ultimately impacts the democratic process. The perceptions created by the fake stories, Mazer said, are "really influencing the vote, and its influencing the democracy." This week, tech giants Facebook and Google announced they were updating their policies to effectively cut off advertising revenue going to fraudulent news sites. Facebook's terms of use already prohibit the use of misleading or inaccurate information to "artificially collect likes, followers, or shares," and on Monday it updated its Audience Network Policy to discourage ad placements in apps or sites containing "fake news." Google also moved to ban fake news sites from using its ad-selling software, AdSense, to raise revenue. Reducing the appeal of cash-for-clicks on fake sites could clearly begin to put a dent in the problem, especially as some internet content producers report making up to $10,000 per month producing irresistible political clickbait. Overseas, there have been reports of Macedonian youth earning as much as $5,000 per week churning out pro-Donald Trump posts, an issue that has raised questions about the role fake news played in the last election. During a Thursday news conference in Berlin, President Barack Obama responded to the flood of fraudulent election news, saying that "if we can't discriminate between serious arguments and propaganda, then we have problems." He further warned that if members of the public are unable to engage in discourse beyond absolutist views, "then democracy will break down." Svetlana Mincheva, programs director at the National Coalition Against Censorship, emphasized that there are important questions and concerns about how social media is impacting how the public consumes news and American democracy more broadly. "This is not a small blip in the history of democracy and how we share information and how we talk about politics, this is a sea change," Mincheva said. According to Mincheva, banning sites or shutting down social media accounts is not a reasonable response to the digital age of democracy, especially if it means rolling back one of social media's most positive contributions, citizen journalism. "Censorship is a blunt tool," she said. "Anytime it comes to suppressing information, to credentialing websites, to banning websites, the question is who decides?" The rise of misinformation masquerading as news has implications in the world of journalism, where accuracy, facts, and objectivity are still considered to be the purpose of the profession. President of the National Press Club, Thomas Burr, described the phenomenon as "disturbing" stating that manufacturing fake news "contradicts the very notion of objective journalism." The ability to discern real news from fake news depends on an actively engaged media consumer, willing to check multiple sources. It is a tall order in an era where consumers can customize their news feeds to reflect the views they want to hear. In a 2016 study, Pew Research Center found that two-thirds of adult Facebook users get their news from that social media platform, which in a broader sense amounts to 44 percent of the population. With the option to adjust a few settings, a Facebook or Google user can watch his or her candidate win every news cycle. According to Mazer, companies like Facebook may want to consider "some kind of gate keeping role," similar to a traditional news editor, to look at how to "screen and detect and rate the accuracy of social content" as it come through. "When we look to the presidential race of 2020, I would hope by that time, social media platforms would have advanced to include some type of fact-checking device or mechanism in the platform to prevent the spread of false information," Mazer suggested. Other possibilities for reducing fake news might including a rating system, evaluating the reliability of the source of content. One media professor at Merrimack College in Massachusetts thought she had a way to help readers analyze the news and published a Google Doc identifying fake news sites. Melissa Zimdars's document began by advising readers to watch out for fake versions of real news sites that end in ".com.co," and always check for author attribution. But she went on to include a kind of hit list of "False, Misleading, Clickbait-y, and Satirical 'News' Sources," which included popular alt-right outlets like The Blaze and Breitbart News. Breitbart's chairman Steve Bannon was just named chief strategist to President-elect Donald Trump. Zimdars took down the list after the she and her colleagues said they received numerous threats. Within the massive information space, one person's trash is another person's news. One outlet produces propaganda and another uses editorial discretion. President Obama has characterized the problem of having a standard baseline of facts for public discourse at a time when the media is "splintered," and polarized groups “almost occupy two different realities in how they see the world.” Media and communications professor at New York University Mark Crispin Miller expressed his own skepticism over not just the false information masquerading as news, but traditional media outlets as well. "'Fake news' is a serious concern of course, but I see a far graver danger in the 'fake news' churned out by the mainstream press itself," Miller said. Often when a new problem arises that involves technology, whether it's online scams or cybersecurity, experts propose technical fixes for very human problems. One of the best fixes for cybersecurity isn't necessarily a firewall, it's not clicking on the pirated movie download. One of the best solutions to curb the influence of fake news, according to each expert cited above, is an informed consumer of that news. Thomas Jefferson was quoted as saying, "An educated citizenry is a vital requisite for our survival as a free people." According to the The Thomas Jefferson Foundation, which manages Jefferson's property and produces extensive studies of his life and work, the third President of the United States never actually said that. close News In Pictures Deer Hunt 2016: Opening day brings cold, snow, and wind Green Bay celebrates annual holiday parade Deer Hunt 2016: Old photograph documents a season to remember [GALLERY] Hottest toys of the holiday season Trending 1   Documents: 'Deadliest Catch' star suffered broken skull 2   Grandfather of 3-year-old wants social workers held criminally responsible for her death 3   Deer Hunt 2016: Opening day brings cold, snow, and wind 4   Police: Missing Kansas newborn found in Dallas; 2 in custody 5   Packers sign Bradford; waive Perillo DON'T MISS OUT Stay Connected with WLUK Like Follow © 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group TermsPrivacyFCC InfoEEO LOADING ShareTweet × Trending 1 Documents: 'Deadliest Catch' star suffered broken skull 2 Grandfather of 3-year-old wants social workers held criminally responsible for her death 3 Deer Hunt 2016: Opening day brings cold, snow, and wind 4 Police: Missing Kansas newborn found in Dallas; 2 in custody 5 Packers sign Bradford; waive Perillo 6 2016 FOX 11 Football Challenge 7 What's next for Steven Avery, Brendan Dassey? 8 2016 Downtown Neenah Prize Package Giveaway 9 Green Bay celebrates annual holiday parade 10 Deer Hunt 2016: Old photograph documents a season to remember
HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Search WGMD 45 F Rehoboth Beach, DE Sunday, November 20, 2016 LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Home Fox News Fox Business News Top Stocks to Buy in Augmented Reality Fox News Fox Business News Top Stocks to Buy in Augmented Reality By Leo Sun - November 18, 2016 67 The market for augmented reality apps and devices, which superimpose digital objects over real world ones, could grow from practically nothing todayto $90 billion by 2020, according to tech M&A advisory firm Digi-Capital. Continue Reading Below After early blunders like Alphabet‘s (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Google Glass, the AR market recently gained mainstream momentum with the popularity of Niantic’s Pokemon Go — which prompted many investors to seek out AR-related stocks. Image source: Getty Images. Most “pure play” AR companies are start-ups instead of publicly traded companies. However, there are still a few ways that investors can gain valuable exposure to the AR market via bigger tech companies. Let’s examine four such companies — Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT), Intel (NASDAQ: INTC), Google, and STMicroelectronics (NYSE: STM). More From Fool.com Microsoft Microsoft’s HoloLens can project 3D Minecraft on table tops, project interactive holograms of 3D designs for graphic and industrial designers, and even “teleport” anotherperson’s full-body hologram into your room. Several major partners, including Lowe‘s and Volvo, already use HoloLens to showcase their products inaugmented reality. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Microsoft’s HoloLens. Image source: Microsoft. Microsoft’s upcoming Windows 10 Creator Update will add 3D image capture and editing tools to the OS, which will enable artists and developers to create 3D objects which can be viewed in HoloLens and itsupcoming VR headsets. Microsoft claims that the tools will be so user-friendly that 12-year-olds can create their own holograms. However, the developer version of HoloLens still costs $3,000 — indicating that it won’t become a mainstream gadget anytime soon. Intel Intel’s major play on AR is Project Alloy, a reference design for AR headsets similar to the HoloLens. The device ispowered by Intel’s sixth generation Core processor and its RealSense depth-sensing cameras. Unlike HoloLens, Project Alloy doesn’t need to be tethered to a PC. By offering this reference design to OEMs that want to quickly release AR headsets, Intel could widen its moat against challengers like Qualcomm. Intel’s Project Alloy. Image source: Intel. Intel is also investing heavily in the computer vision technologies, which AR apps, drones, and autonomous cars need to “see” obstacles. It acquired computer vision companies Itseez and Movidius overthe past year, which could enhance the ability of its RealSense cameras to identify objects and surfaces. Google Google has noticed the game-changing potential of Intel’s RealSense cameras in the AR market. Earlier this year, it partnered with Intel to develop Project Tango, a platform whichenables smartphones and tablets to identify real-world objects with the RealSense camera and project AR overlays on them. For example, a user looking through a Project Tango display could change the walls and floors of a real room, or put virtual masks and costumes on nearby people. We haven’t heard much about Project Tango since then, but many industry watchers have suggested that the project could be merged with its newVR platform Daydream. Google has also invested heavily in Magic Leap, an AR start-up which is reportedly developing a mixed reality headset akin to the HoloLens. It’s still unclear how all these pieces will come together, but Google will likely adopt a more cautious strategy after Glass flopped due to its awkward appearance, pricing issues, and privacy concerns. STMicroelectronics STMicroelectronics manufactures a wide variety of chips for connected cars, wearables, and Internet of Things gadgets. It also makes motion sensors (accelerometers and gyroscopes) for smartphones and tablets. STMicro lost ground in motion sensors to its smaller rival InvenSenseover the past few years, but itrecently launched an ultra-low power 6-axis gyroscope and accelerometer combo device designed specifically for VR and AR devices. The device has already been certified for use with both the Project Tango and Daydream platforms. As the AR and VR markets grow, rising demand for more motion sensors should enable STMicro to leverage its scale and offer its sensors at lower prices than InvenSense. STMicro is also heavily invested in the computer vision market — it manufactures ADAS (advanced driver assistance systems) leader Mobileye‘sEyeQ computer vision chips, andproduces LIDAR technologies for autonomous driving, AR, and VR uses with Microvision. The key takeaways Microsoft, Intel, Google, and STMicro all represent interesting ways to gain exposure to the AR market, but investors should note that they won’t represent major sources of revenue for these companies yet. But if the market takes off over the next few years, all four companies could reap some big rewards. Forget the 2016 Election: 10 stocks we like better than Microsoft Donald Trump was just elected president, and volatility is up. But here’s why you should ignore the election: Investing geniuses Tom and David Gardner have spent a long time beating the market no matter who’s in the White House. In fact, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now and Microsoft wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of November 7, 2016 Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of InvenSense and Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleJudge: Mom&#039;s confession in sons&#039; deaths can be used at trial Next articleInstant Analysis: Expedia&#039;s Trivago Files for IPO Leo Sun RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Q&A: Target's chief merchandising officer Mark Tritton How Will a Trump Presidency Affect Tesla? 7 Facts About Medicare Advantage You Didn't Know How Close Is Facebook to Monetizing Messenger and WhatsApp? What Happens to Utility Stocks in a Trump Administration? Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET © Resort Broadcasting Company, LLC 2016 - Designed and Managed by DATATECH DIGITAL in association with OXLEY EVERYTHING WEB
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Top Stocks to Buy in Augmented Reality Microsoft, Intel, Google, and STMicro could all benefit from the growth of the augmented reality market. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Nov 18, 2016 at 7:07PM The market for augmented reality apps and devices, which superimpose digital objects over real world ones, could grow from practically nothing today to $90 billion by 2020, according to tech M&A advisory firm Digi-Capital. After early blunders like Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Glass, the AR market recently gained mainstream momentum with the popularity of Niantic's Pokemon Go -- which prompted many investors to seek out AR-related stocks. Image source: Getty Images. Most "pure play" AR companies are start-ups instead of publicly traded companies. However, there are still a few ways that investors can gain valuable exposure to the AR market via bigger tech companies. Let's examine four such companies -- Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Google, and STMicroelectronics (NYSE:STM). Microsoft Microsoft's HoloLens can project 3D Minecraft on table tops, project interactive holograms of 3D designs for graphic and industrial designers, and even "teleport" another person's full-body hologram into your room. Several major partners, including Lowe's and Volvo, already use HoloLens to showcase their products in augmented reality. Microsoft's HoloLens. Image source: Microsoft. Microsoft's upcoming Windows 10 Creator Update will add 3D image capture and editing tools to the OS, which will enable artists and developers to create 3D objects which can be viewed in HoloLens and its upcoming VR headsets. Microsoft claims that the tools will be so user-friendly that 12-year-olds can create their own holograms. However, the developer version of HoloLens still costs $3,000 -- indicating that it won't become a mainstream gadget anytime soon. Intel Intel's major play on AR is Project Alloy, a reference design for AR headsets similar to the HoloLens. The device is powered by Intel's sixth generation Core processor and its RealSense depth-sensing cameras. Unlike HoloLens, Project Alloy doesn't need to be tethered to a PC. By offering this reference design to OEMs that want to quickly release AR headsets, Intel could widen its moat against challengers like Qualcomm. Intel's Project Alloy. Image source: Intel. Intel is also investing heavily in the computer vision technologies, which AR apps, drones, and autonomous cars need to "see" obstacles. It acquired computer vision companies Itseez and Movidius over the past year, which could enhance the ability of its RealSense cameras to identify objects and surfaces. Google Google has noticed the game-changing potential of Intel's RealSense cameras in the AR market. Earlier this year, it partnered with Intel to develop Project Tango, a platform which enables smartphones and tablets to identify real-world objects with the RealSense camera and project AR overlays on them. For example, a user looking through a Project Tango display could change the walls and floors of a real room, or put virtual masks and costumes on nearby people. We haven't heard much about Project Tango since then, but many industry watchers have suggested that the project could be merged with its new VR platform Daydream. Google has also invested heavily in Magic Leap, an AR start-up which is reportedly developing a mixed reality headset akin to the HoloLens. It's still unclear how all these pieces will come together, but Google will likely adopt a more cautious strategy after Glass flopped due to its awkward appearance, pricing issues, and privacy concerns. STMicroelectronics STMicroelectronics manufactures a wide variety of chips for connected cars, wearables, and Internet of Things gadgets. It also makes motion sensors (accelerometers and gyroscopes) for smartphones and tablets. STMicro lost ground in motion sensors to its smaller rival InvenSense over the past few years, but it recently launched an ultra-low power 6-axis gyroscope and accelerometer combo device designed specifically for VR and AR devices. The device has already been certified for use with both the Project Tango and Daydream platforms. As the AR and VR markets grow, rising demand for more motion sensors should enable STMicro to leverage its scale and offer its sensors at lower prices than InvenSense. STMicro is also heavily invested in the computer vision market -- it manufactures ADAS (advanced driver assistance systems) leader Mobileye's EyeQ computer vision chips, and produces LIDAR technologies for autonomous driving, AR, and VR uses with Microvision. The key takeaways Microsoft, Intel, Google, and STMicro all represent interesting ways to gain exposure to the AR market, but investors should note that they won't represent major sources of revenue for these companies yet. But if the market takes off over the next few years, all four companies could reap some big rewards. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of InvenSense and Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Nov 18, 2016 at 7:07PM Technology and Telecom Stocks STMicroelectronics NYSE:STM $9.42 up $0.15 (1.62%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $775.97 down $-10.19 (-1.30%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.95 down $0.07 (-0.20%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $60.35 down $0.29 (-0.48%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $760.54 down $-10.69 (-1.39%) Read More Should Microsoft Buy Fitbit? The Biggest Flops in Microsoft's History Microsoft Stock Surges Higher, but I'm Not Buying the Hype 2 Special Dividend Stocks For 2017 Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Alphabet Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
SearchCIO Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchCIO SearchCompliance SearchHealthIT SearchCloudComputing SearchMobileComputing SearchDataCenter Topic Leadership and planning CIO mission View All CIO and IT salaries Career development Contracting and legal Outsourcing IT governance Vertical industries IT budgeting Staff development/retention Vendor management ROI Small-business IT strategy CIO mission View All CIO and IT salaries Career development Contracting and legal Outsourcing IT governance Vertical industries IT budgeting Staff development/retention Vendor management Leadership and planning ROI Small-business IT strategy Cloud computing View All Cybersecurity View All Data privacy Security management GRC Digital business transformation View All Bimodal IT Business automation and BPM Digital business Application development and DevOps AI ITIL and ITSM IoT Project management BI and big data View All Mobile strategy View All Apps, infrastructure and operations View All Applications Collaboration Data storage management Business continuity and disaster recovery Network management Systems management IT procurement Small-business infrastructure and operations Topics Archive View All Please select a category CIO mission Cloud computing Cybersecurity Digital business transformation BI and big data Mobile strategy Apps, infrastructure and operations Section All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities Searchlight News Roundup MIT CFO Summit: A lesson in change from GE CFO by Brian Holak Associate Site Editor The message from the MIT CFO Summit: Get out of the office and embrace change. Also in Searchlight: Facebook and Google crack down on fake news; cloud boom expected. This Article Covers Leadership and planning RELATED TOPICS CIO and IT salaries Career development Contracting and legal Outsourcing IT governance Vertical industries Looking for something else? Gartner Symposium roundup: Mastering leadership in a digital ecosystem Part techie, part people person? You're a business technologist Patriots' digital transformation strategy taps mobile, social, AR + Show More In this Article Share this item with your network: Related Content Change is the only constant in the digital age, says ... – SearchCIO The road to innovation is paved with questions – SearchCIO CIOs increasingly at nexus of risk management and ... – SearchCIO Vendor Resources Accenture Technology Vision 2016 –ComputerWeekly.com Computer Weekly 13 September 2011: Download this week's issue of the UK's ... –ComputerWeekly.com CIO Decisions E-zine – December 2015 –SearchCIO.com The Intelligent Campus LAN –Juniper Networks, Inc. At this week's MIT CFO Summit, Jeff Bornstein, SVP and CFO at General Electric Company, said he is no stranger to being wrong, uncomfortable and quiet -- situations that Hal Gregersen, executive director at the MIT Leadership Center, said are at the heart of being a successful business leader. Gregersen said those situations -- allowing yourself to be surprised, getting out of your comfort zone and taking time to listen instead of talk -- unlock unexpected insights that help business executives ask the right questions and be better leaders. "If we do not systematically put ourselves in these kinds of situations -- especially outside of headquarters, outside of our office, with people who are not like us and in places that we're not normally in -- we will not find the surprising, unexpected information that will open up the future for us and our company," Gregersen said during his MIT CFO Summit keynote. A veiled allusion to the recent presidential election? Maybe. But, as Gregersen's interview with GE's Bornstein made clear, there's lots of disruption to go around in the workplace where technology is undercutting traditional business models it seems on a daily basis. Ch-ch-ch-ch-changes Bornstein is seeing change at all levels of GE. Historically, it was very rare for GE to hire outside the company for an upper-level management or "officer" position, he said. Now, it happens all the time. The company has also had to hire massive amounts of new, younger talent to keep up with the industry's changing demands. This includes people from acqui-hires, as well as from Apple and Google who bring skills like machine learning and AI. "[New employees] come from a very different place than where a traditional GE employee comes from, with very different experiences -- both professionally and [in terms of] life experiences -- and it's very quickly changing the culture of the company," Bornstein said. Compensation systems are changing, as is the dress code -- Bornstein told the room of suits that he wears jeans to the office these days. So is the pace of workflow and how the company thinks about and describes success. Bornstein says these changes are all for the better, opening up GE to a completely different way of thinking and problem solving. But the change in workplace culture is not without its challenges. Reconciling the new and the traditional has become Bornstein's latest CFO imperative. "My challenge is how I get mid-career and late-career people to walk across the bridge and understand enough about technology and where technology is going, so that they can ask the right questions -- or maybe more importantly, they're not getting in the way of the people who do understand…that they're not a barrier," he said. He thinks 50% of people will never get across that bridge -- something he'll have to address. Meshing together different outlooks, contexts, intellects and problem-solving methods at this modern GE may not always be easy, but it is paying off. "We do our best work at GE when we have cross-functional, mission-based teams that are focused on answering one question," Bornstein said. "And the question has to have absolute clarity….when you do that, you get magic." Staying relevant in the digital age Part of GE's success is owed to its ability to course-correct. Not so long ago, GE itself was "a decade behind technologically," and the architectural backbone of the company was not even close to where it needed to be, Bornstein recalled. He said the threat of disintermediation was real. That's when they asked themselves the question, "How do we use software and technologies like deep machine learning, artificial intelligence and additive manufacturing to drive more value." That line of questioning led Bornstein and the company to develop an industrial internet platform, Predix, which "improves productivity at a system level" by allowing "assets to communicate and digest data, use algorithms and get differentiated insights," he said. Whether Predix will become the go-to platform for the world's industrial space remains to be seen, but GE's journey to this moment speaks to the importance of not only asking the right questions, but also the ability to adapt. Whether from digitization, AI or 3D printing -- which he said will massively disrupt how business in the industrial internet is done -- your company's business model is not only constantly changing, but also constantly under siege. "Our biggest challenge is how, as CFOs, we stay on top of these trends, stay on top of these emerging technologies, stay on top of threats to your business model and how do we use all of this technology to run a better shop," he said. That goes for CIOs too. CIO news roundup for week of Nov. 14 The CFO Summit wasn't the only big story. Here's what else was happening in the world of technology this week. Fake news. Facebook and Google announced this week they have updated their policies to ban fake news websites from generating revenue through their advertising networks. Facebook banned fake news sites from its Facebook Audience Network and updated the policy which now reads, "Don't integrate or display ads in apps or sites containing content that is illegal, misleading or deceptive, or that promotes … fake news or anything that falls within any other categories that are prohibited by the Facebook Community Standards." The policy update comes in the wake of Facebook being criticized for not banning fake news from the social networking site during the U.S. presidential elections. Google came under fire after a false story claiming Donald Trump won the popular vote recently ranked first on Google search results for "final election vote count 2016." The search giant banned fake news sites from Google's ad-selling software and will prevent Google ads from being placed "on pages that misrepresent, misstate, or conceal information about the publisher, the publisher's content, or the primary purpose" of the website, The Wall Street Journal reported. Cloud boom. Annual global cloud traffic is expected to reach 14.1 ZB per year by 2020, up from 3.9 ZB per year in 2015, according to Cisco's Global Cloud Index report. Public cloud growth rates are expected to grow 35% CAGR from 2015 to 2020, compared to a 15% CAGR for private cloud. "In the six years of this study, cloud computing has advanced from an emerging technology to an essential scalable and flexible part of architecture for service providers of all types around the globe," Doug Webster, vice president of Service Provider Marketing at Cisco, said in a statement. By 2020, 92% of workloads will be processed by cloud data centers and 68% of the cloud workloads will be in public cloud data centers, Cisco predicted. Technology professionals wary of AR benefits. A recent global survey by business technology and cybersecurity association ISACA revealed AR adoption rates are slow among enterprises and that consumers are more positive about the benefits of AR than IT professionals. Only 21% of the 6,600 technology professionals and businesses surveyed believe that the benefits of AR outweigh the security risks and 63% said their organizations lack policies to address the use of AR apps, the study found. "We expect to see these numbers change in the very near future as businesses begin to view AR as a valuable technology that can deliver positive business outcomes, such as improving training, education, marketing and customer experience," Rob Clyde, board director of ISACA and executive advisor at BullGuard Software, said in a statement. Samsung moves into connected cars space. Samsung is set to acquire Connecticut-based car-infotainment and audio company Harman International Industries in a deal valued at $8 billion. The South Korea-based conglomerate, which was in the spotlight due to its Galaxy Note 7 fiasco, believes the deal will help Samsung create a significant presence for itself in the rapidly growing auto technology market. "Working together, we are confident that Harman can become a new kind of Tier 1 provider to the OEMs by delivering end-to-end solutions across the connected ecosystem," Young Sohn, president and chief strategy officer of Samsung Electronics, said in a statement. Assistant editor Mekhala Roy contributed to this week's news roundup. Next Steps Check out our previous Searchlight roundups on what Trump's win says about data analytics, the Microsoft Teams collaboration tool,  Microsoft's foray into immersive computing and Gartner's recent CIO Symposium in Florida. Dig Deeper on Leadership and strategic planning All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Gartner Symposium roundup: Mastering leadership in a digital ecosystem Digitalizing business: The difference two letters can make A step ahead of profs, staff in higher-ed tech Tech talk, hoofing it and diversion at Gartner Symposium 2016 Load More View All Gartner Symposium roundup: Mastering leadership in a digital ecosystem Digitalizing business: The difference two letters can make A step ahead of profs, staff in higher-ed tech Tech talk, hoofing it and diversion at Gartner Symposium 2016 Load More View All News strategic planning strategic innovation CIO Leadership Award winner practices three types of innovation Business and IT alignment gets physical at Avnet Load More View All Get started IT mindset: CIOs, tech departments work to overcome the 'IKEA effect' Stop procrastinating, become a change agent Changes in CISO responsibilities call for new reporting structure Bus stop app for visually impaired got start on the street Load More View All Evaluate IT mindset: CIOs, tech departments work to overcome the 'IKEA effect' Stop procrastinating, become a change agent Changes in CISO responsibilities call for new reporting structure Nationwide CIO: A new Lean management system saves $28 million Load More View All Manage Delegator vs. micromanager: What kind of boss are you? Five IT leaders take on the challenge of digital transformation From tech supplier to IT service provider, a CIO makes the 'big switch' Integrating hybrid systems? It's now a core IT service Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Zine Google Apps for Work vs. Office 365 E-Handbook Building a layered enterprise mobile security strategy E-Zine The key steps to launching blockchain implementations Brian Holak asks: How good is your CFO at listening? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] Brian Holak - 18 Nov 2016 5:38 PM How good is your CFO at listening? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Compliance Health IT Cloud Computing Mobile Computing Data Center SearchCompliance Mitigating insider threats remains a major cyber concern Expert panelists at the Cambridge Cyber Summit briefed the audience on some of the steps that organizations should implement for ... Lack of cybersecurity standards leaves election process vulnerable Hackers continue to exploit vulnerabilities in the U.S. political technology, highlighting the need for cybersecurity standards ... FAQ: What are the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield compliance requirements? In this SearchCompliance FAQ, learn details about how the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield data protection requirements strive to raise ... SearchHealthIT Apple Watch tracking app guides CEO of health IT firm on fitness runs The CEO of a secure clinical communications vendor uses his Apple Watch to track fitness runs, but is moving slowly on his ... Mobile ultrasound scanner joins ecosystem of connected health devices As mobile devices in healthcare proliferate, clinicians are using mobile diagnostic tools, like hand-held ultrasound scanners, to... Investor steers venture capital for healthcare to proven technologies In choosing investments, a health IT venture capitalist looked for technologies with proven outcomes, not just pilot studies, ... SearchCloudComputing Managing a cloud resource pool for hybrid environments Cloud sprawl negatively affects enterprises by increasing IT costs and lowering efficiency. And with hybrid clouds, in particular... Implement multifactor methods of authentication for public cloud Multifactor authentication is a critical step for securing IT apps and resources. Explore options for enabling and managing this ... Kubernetes support signals Switzerland play for Azure Container Service Azure Container Service isn't picking sides in the debate about orchestration, adding Kubernetes support and offering more ... SearchMobileComputing Citrix ShareFile updates let businesses ditch paper processes Citrix will roll out a few ShareFile updates on its web app that allow users to request approvals and e-signatures on digital ... Key factors to consider when making an EMM software purchase Enterprises must look at many organizational factors when purchasing EMM software. Learn the most important decision points in ... COPE devices bring big benefits to IT IT shops that support corporate-owned, personally-enabled devices will find that the management process is the same as BYOD, but ... SearchDataCenter Navigate recent changes to data center networking architecture Thanks to hybrid cloud and containers, data center networks are tougher to crack than ever. But IT can succeed if it follows a ... Evolve IT budget planning for software-defined infrastructure During IT budget planning for a software-defined data center, maximize value by accounting for predictable demand spikes, and ... Blade server architecture offers efficiency, but lock-in risks remain For organizations concerned about blade server lock-in, virtualization and cloud offer compelling alternatives with similar ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events Features Guides Opinions Photo Stories Quizzes Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2007 - 2016, TechTarget Close
Moto Z: First successful modular smartphone? | Bangkok Post: business Top sections News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning More BUSINESS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Business homepage Business news Telecom Finance Tourism & transport Find company & suppliers Exchange rates More World Gold prices IT Auto Property Business > Business News Moto Z: First successful modular smartphone? While Motorola's latest offering appears quite mid-tier at first glance, its modular design is not just a gimmick, giving it near-infinite room to grow. 19 Nov 2016 at 04:00 3,066 viewed0 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: BUSINESS | WRITER: KANIN SRIMANEEKULROJ Weighing 136 grammes with a thickness of just over five millimetres, Moto Z may be the lightest smartphone ever. - + When Motorola first announced that its Moto Z family of smartphones would be modular, many critics were sceptical. With LG's G5 and Google's Project Ara modular smartphones seemingly crashing and burning (even before release, in Google's case), things did not bode well for Motorola's new flagship device. At first glance, there doesn't seem to be anything noteworthy about it aside from its modular nature, which some have written off as a gimmick. Running Android 6.0.1 on a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB of native RAM and a 5.5-inch screen capable of producing post-HD resolution (1440 x 2560), the Moto Z's specs aren't anything to write home about for the price (23,900 baht). Truth be told, it's not that much of a departure from many higher-tier smartphones on the market. Having spent time with the device, however, I'm happy to report that the phone's modular design is actually quite fun to play around with, working on a magnet-based attachment system that makes switching between mods quick and easy. While Motorola only provided us with the Moto Insta-Share Projector mod, if all the mods currently released (and to be released in the future) work as well as this one, then the Moto Z may very well be the first successful modular smartphone on the market. Design With a thickness just slightly over five millimetres (compared with 10 for the G4 Plus and seven for the iPhone 6) and weighing only 136 grammes (the G4 Plus and iPhone 6 are 155 and 172, respectively), the Moto Z might be the lightest (and thinnest) smartphone you've ever laid your hands on. Granted, you'll definitely want to find one of those Moto Mods to bulk up your device to make it fit better in your hands, as well as cover up that unflattering bulge of a back camera and the shiny, metallic finish on the phone's back, which is ever-so-prone to unflattering fingerprint smudges. I generally prefer my smartphones with a little heft, as I find the weight lends a more substantial feel and a more solid grip on the device. The Moto Z, while not weightless despite its slim appearance, makes me nervous when I hold it in one hand. Its thinness and light weight make the Moto Z feel like it could be sent flying at any moment. It doesn't help that I'm quite convinced the phone could literally break in half if I dropped it at the wrong angle. The flimsy, frame-like phone case provided by Motorola does nothing to allay my fears. Of course, all this anxiety I feel over the phone's frail-looking outward appearance could be unwarranted. In truth, its slight frame may be designed with the various mods in mind, which will no doubt increase the heft of your smartphone several times over. Looking at the back of the Moto Z, you'll notice that there are two gold-plated lines of square pegs towards the bottom of the device. These are actually magnets, which will hold whatever back cover you prefer firmly in place. These can be anything from simple, decorative covers to any of the mods released so far, such as a projector, a power bank, a simple pair of speakers or even a Hasselblad camera. It's actually quite surprising how simple and elegant a solution Motorola has used to make modular phones actually worth the trouble. Switching between mods on the Moto Z is infinitely easier than taking the case off my iPhone 6. One glaring problem for me personally is the lack of a 3.5mm headphone jack. The Moto Z -- perhaps in an effort to achieve its (arguably excessive) slimness -- instead comes with a single USB-C port, the only noticeable feature on the phone's edges besides the volume rockers and lock button on the right-hand side. That said, Motorola (unlike Apple) is generous enough to provide its users with a USB-C adaptor to replace the headphone jack. It's definitely annoying to have to carry a little piece of cable that is probably prone to getting lost (and can't be used while you charge your phone), but at least it's better than having to fork over more money to use your own headphones. Function In terms of sheer processing power, the Moto Z's specs are by no means insignificant, but it isn't exactly a powerhouse either. Granted, what the Moto Z has to work with is more than enough, and I haven't noticed any significant slowdown while reviewing the unit. Running on Android Marshmallow OS, the Moto Z features the simple Google family of apps, such as YouTube, Drive, Chrome, etc. The decision to stay away from the more convoluted, customised versions of Android often used in competing smartphones is something Motorola has always done right, and with the Moto Z they continue the tradition, giving users a clean, simple interface, uncluttered by all the custom gesture commands or sidebars. Aside from that, there really isn't much to say about the Moto Z's performance. The 13MP camera works decently enough in well-lit environments, but low-light photos seem to result in a slight distortion of the colours. That said, the Moto Z's back camera is notably capable of HDR and even 4K recording (even if the phone's screen can't actually display in 4K), so this could be another interesting aspect of the phone. Although the specs and camera aren't anything to write home about, it's the Moto Z's modular nature that is its real defining feature. While we only got to try out the Insta-Share Projector mod, the mod itself worked intuitively. Simply snap it onto the back of your phone, push a button, and the projector displays a 480p projection of your phone's screen onto any surface relatively close by. It's not going to be replacing your home theatre set, but it definitely works, and if that's indicative of how the other mods will behave, then the sky's the limit of what the Moto Z can do once more mods are added to the mix. Of course, there's a catch: each of these mods isn't necessarily cheap. The projector mod we tried out, for example, costs another 13,000 baht on top of the phone, so it's not exactly something you're going to buy on a whim. Verdict While quite par for the course in terms of power considering its price-point and specs, the Moto Z is perhaps one of the more exciting smartphones out there right now, simply because of its modular design. Currently, the only available mods on the market may be limited, but it's only a matter of time until the developers release even more fun and versatile mods, which means that the Moto Z will only continue to become a more versatile product in the long run. If nothing else, this fact alone makes me want to go out and buy one for myself. RECOMMENDED STORIES Gold rebounds after sharp slump Digital TV begins to see recovery Somkid speaks on weaker baht Sticky rice subsidised Carabao kicks off footie deal PTT to list retail unit Riding to the rescue Thai exports 'unlikely' to be hit by Japan's GSP revision Southeast Asia stock markets end mixed Most Viewed 25,088 Samet beset by graft, probe finds 17,864 X-ray machines for all conveyor ... 14,780 New passport office to open at MRT ... 12,781 NCPO pushing ahead to support rice ... 12,424 Zero-dollar tour crackdown slows ... Recent BUSINESS Articles TPP leaders vow efforts to implement pact China pushes free trade plans at summit rattled by Trump Property tax law delayed by one year Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 0 liked & 0 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this FIND COMPANIES & SUPPLIERS Select a location Ang Thong Bangkok Buriram Chachoengsao Chainat Chaiyaphumi Chanthaburi Chiang Mai Chiang Rai Chonburi Chumphon Kalasin Kamphaeng Phet Kanchanaburi Khon Kaen Krabi Lampang Lamphun Lobburi Loei Mae Hong Son Maha Sarakham Mukdahan Nakhon Nayok Nakhon Phanom Nakhon Ratchasima Nakhon Sawan Nakhon Sri Thammarat Nakhonpathom Nan Narathiwat Nong Khai Nongboulumpoo Nonthaburi Pathum Thani Patthani Phang Nga Phatthalung Phayao Phetchaboon Phetchaburi Phichit Phitsanulok Phrae Phranakhon Sri Ayutthaya Phuket Prachinburi Prachuap Khirikhan Ranong Ratburi Rayong Roi Et Sakon Nakhon Sakweao Samutparkan Samutsakhon Samutsongkhram Saraburi Satun Singburi Sisaket Songkhla Sukhothai Suphanburi Suratthanee Surin Tak Trang Trat Ubon Ratcha Thani Udon Thani Uthai Thani Uttaradit Yala Yasothon Select a category Agriculture & Food Airline & Transportation Apparel Associations, Non-profit Organisations & Chambers Electronic & Computer Energy & Petrochemical Financial Service Gem & Ornament Handcraft & Handmade Industrial Legal Service & Consultancy Plastic & Rubber Property & Construction Recruitment Service System And Software Integrators FIND BY PRODUCT OR SERVICE Agriculture & food Apprarel Gem & ornament products Handicraft & handmade Electronic & computer Plastic & rubber More >> Get you business listed >> MOST RECENT 20:55 TPP leaders vow efforts to implement pact 20:44 Huai Kwang cops moved over casino raid 19:35 Two dead in fighting in Myanmar town on China border 18:46 Ratchayothin flyover to have trial closure 18:37 videoAt least 60 dead in India train derailment 17:06 Cambodia arrests Aussie nurse over surrogacy crackdown 16:50 Red-shirts calm on King comments row 16:13 Prosecutors order additional questioning of reporters in Premsak case 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2016 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Google Restores Accounts To Users Banned For Reselling Their Pixel Phones Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Google Restores Accounts To Users Banned For Reselling Their Pixel Phones November 18, 2016 7:15 pm EST By Chris Morran@themorrancave welcome back google google pixel Earlier this week, we told you about a handful of Google users who found that the internet giant had suspended their accounts, apparently because they had violated Google’s terms of service by daring to resell their Google Pixel smartphones. Now the company has made good on its pledge to let these users back into the Google fold, but with a warning to not do it again. The Guardian reports that Google has emailed at least some of the affected users to let them know that their ban had been lifted and they were free to once again use Gmail and other Google services. However, the email wasn’t all hugs and fist-bumps, with Google noting that it “takes violations of our terms very seriously” and warning that “Repeated violations of our terms may lead to account termination.” The bans, first reported on Dan’s Deals, affected around 200 Google users who purchased their Pixel phone through the company’s Project Fi. These folks then resold their devices to a phone dealer in New Hampshire — a state with no sales tax — who pledged to split the profits. A rep for Google told Consumerist that the company believes many of the suspended accounts had been created just as part of a “scheme in which consumers were asked to purchase Pixel devices on behalf of a reseller, who then marked-up the cost of those devices in order to resell them to other customers.” The company also said at the time that it would consider restoring access for these users. November 18, 2016 By Chris Morran@themorrancave welcome back google google pixel Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related locked out Is Google Shutting Down The Accounts Of Users Who Resell Their Pixel Phones? math is hard Google Makes Up For Verizon’s Bad Math, Offers $150 To Screwed-Over Chromebook Owners new stuff Google Wants You To Switch From iPhone; Announces Home, Pixel Pre-Orders Start Today trying to make it up Google Handing Out $50 Play Store Credit Over Delayed Pixel Phones nexus 5 Google’s Defective Phone Policy Is Tough If You’re On A Fixed Income Previous Which Stores Are Open On Thanksgiving & When Do They Open On Black Friday? Next Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Challenges Ruling That Its Structure Is Unconstitutional Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Challenges Ruling That Its Structure Is Unconstitutional Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments 30+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Post's View Social media sites can’t allow fake news to take over The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg. (Josh Edelson/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images) By Editorial Board November 18 Follow postopinions FREEDOM OF expression is a bedrock of American democracy, but its irresponsible exercise can distort and destabilize our politics. That reality is now at the center of attention in the social media world as Facebook and others confront questions about their role in spreading fake news and false information before and after the presidential campaign. The social media companies must not duck this issue. It goes to the heart of an open society, and also is the key to their own credibility and survival. It wasn’t all that long ago that the Internet was a wild west, where information ran free. As Facebook, Google and Twitter grew, they celebrated this as a virtue, insisting they were technology companies built on algorithms and not news media outlets. But on the road to becoming true global giants, Facebook and the others took on enormous new power to shape the information that people consume. The latest Washington Post-Schar School national poll shows that when people are asked where they got their election news, 56 percent said television, and 30 percent said the Internet. Among the sources on the Internet, 32 percent of the respondents identified social media, 29 percent said news organizations’ websites, and 15 percent said Google or other search engines. A distinction must be drawn between personal posts, which are best left largely unfettered, and the news feed posts that can quickly go viral, accelerated by algorithms that respond to user engagement. When these posts suddenly explode and reach millions of people, social media essentially become news media. There is serious abuse when the content is false, such as one post during the campaign saying the pope had endorsed Donald Trump (he didn’t), or a top Google search result the other day that pointed to a fake site reporting Trump had won the popular vote (he has not). Fake news is dangerous mischief and takes advantage of the fact that social media generally rely on rapid-fire algorithms and not deliberate human editing. The social media services must adjust to the reality that they now are news media outlets to some extent; that means relying more on human editors to weed out the fake news. The task is delicate and requires balanced judgment. The aim must be not to censor free expression or favor certain political views, but to guard against deception and fraud. In recent days Facebook and Google announced they are cutting off advertising on sites carrying content that is illegal, misleading or deceptive; that’s a good first step. Since the biggest social media outlets now span the globe, their operating standards must showcase the best of democracy at work, and avoid giving tyrants any impetus to crack down on dissent and free expression. This is a job for people, not algorithms. Social media have good reason to act here in order to protect their own future. If users conclude that the information highlighted by Facebook, Google and Twitter is consistently ureliable, they will look elsewhere. But society at large also has a big stake. The Internet has become a vital forum for democratic debate; it is essential that that interchange not be warped by propaganda and lies. Read more on this topic: Dana Milbank: Trump’s fake-news presidency Fareed Zakaria: Bile, venom and lies: How I was trolled on the Internet Catherine Rampell: When the facts don’t matter, how can democracy survive? Melissa Zimdars: My ‘fake news list’ went viral. But made-up stories are only part of the problem. opinions Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 30+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 36 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Trump’s big infrastructure plan? It’s a trap. 2 George Takei: They interned my family. Don’t let them do it to Muslims. 3 Higher education is awash with hysteria. That might have helped elect Trump. 4 Bad news: Trump is not becoming any more presidential 5 In the age of Trump, what is a Christian? Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game opinions Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Latest Editorials What the doctor ordered Reforming Interpol Trump has made some dangerous appointments washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 53° Share Exploring a new frontier this holiday shopping season: Virtual reality By Hayley Tsukayama / The Washington Post Published: Friday, November 18th, 2016 at 4:53pm Updated: Saturday, November 19th, 2016 at 8:00am .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........It is a sad truth for technology enthusiasts that it’s almost the end of 2016, and we still don’t have flying cars, a moon colony or fully functional robot butlers. But there is at least one sci-fi technology that is aiming to make a breakthrough into your living room: virtual reality. Companies big and small are betting that holiday shoppers will get the appeal of being able to pop on a headset and immerse their eyes and ears – and sometimes their hands and feet – in another world. Google, Sony, Samsung, Facebook and HTC are among the major manufacturers that have put virtual reality products, mostly for playing games, on the market in the past several months. And retailers such as Walmart and Best Buy are building the excitement by setting up demonstration areas in their stores so consumers can get a good feel for these unfamiliar devices. “For most people . . . this will be their first real opportunity to play with or experience virtual reality,” said Clifton Dawson, chief executive of the market research firm Greenlight VR. “What is really important here is the reaction we’ll see from consumers who walk in these stores and get educated about it for the first time.” Advertisement Continue reading That could make this holiday season a critical period for VR, which is trying to prove it’s not just a gimmick like some gaming trends before it. (Remember the Wii and the Kinect?) Research firm IDC estimates that consumers – particularly gamers – will snap up 9.6 million virtual reality headsets by the end of the year, spending about $2.6 billion. Gamers, Dawson said, are an obvious key market to watch but so are those looking to use the virtual reality headsets for a family purchase, to replace screen time spent together on the computer to share funny videos or websites, or watching television. Greg Hall, Walmart’s senior vice president for entertainment, said he expects that gaming will remain tech’s big draw in the near term – but people are “warming up” to virtual reality. “We like the growth,” he said. “We like VR and think it’s got some nice legs for us.” The full potential of the virtual reality market is still quite a few years away, analysts say. And, in a reversal of the timeline that characterized technologies such as desktops, laptops and cellphones, the appetite for virtual reality is expected to start with average people buying them for their own personal use before the devices break into the business world. Greenlight VR believes the trend will be driven by consumer adoption through 2019, but that applications for business – including education, training and telecommuting – will start to make up the lion’s share of the market after that. The company projects that VR will become a $36 billion industry within the next decade. — Given how early in the VR trend we are, there’s a surprising variety of virtual reality headsets on the market. They come in two main types: Some are self-contained and are used primarily for high-end video games; they allow you to step completely into the virtual world and interact with it. Others work only with your smartphone, and are better suited to passively viewing specially designed 360-degree photos and videos – a super-modern update of the 19th-century stereoscopes that used to show kids slides of the wider world. If you’re skeptical of virtual reality but are intrigued by more immersive digital experiences, you may want to consider one of the latter type – say the Google Cardboard viewer. It works with smartphones up to six inches high and costs just $15. Other manufacturers are selling cardboard viewers online for even less – some as little as $5. Advertisement Continue reading These are good stocking stuffers for those who want to dip a toe in the virtual reality world, or for families with lots of kids who all want their own viewers. (There’s a reason Google has marketed these heavily to classrooms.) News organizations and other outlets post photos and videos for Google Cardboard on social media, and there are also apps for Android and iOS that work with the viewer to send users on virtual trips around the world, for example, or put them on stage with Paul McCartney in concert. For a little more polish, you can step up to something like the Google Daydream View or the Samsung Gear VR, which still run off the smartphone but provide a higher-quality experience. The Daydream View, Google’s $79 cloth and plastic headset, also comes with a remote that will let you play and interact with some basic games. And it’s much more comfortable to use – it stays put on your head with a strap, so you don’t have to hold it up. The Samsung Gear VR is also powered by a smartphone, but it has to be a Galaxy smartphone – specifically, the Galaxy S6 and newer models. With a touch-sensitive control pad on the side of the goggles, the Gear VR is a better choice for light gaming and has a number of high-profile titles including “Minecraft.” At $99, it’s far pricier than a cardboard reader, but it’s a far better experience. — If you’re super-serious and want something that actually lets you interact with the digital world, there are essentially three headset models to choose from: the HTC Vive, the PlayStation VR and the Oculus Rift. Each has its own strengths and weaknesses. Both the HTC Vive and the Oculus Rift will require connection to a high-end personal computer to work properly – a computer that itself could cost users at least $1,000 to put together if they don’t have a VR-ready computer already. There are some hidden costs as well. The $799 HTC Vive, for example, does an amazing job of tricking your senses into believing that you’re in a digital world. You really feel as if you can interact with the virtual environment, and several clever software tricks mean that you don’t ever find yourself groping blind for a dropped game controller. One reason it’s so effective is it gives you a lot of in-world space in which to move, and a lot of sensors with which to track those movements. The downside? You have to give up a lot of real-world space: a suggested minimum of 5 feet by 6.5 feet. You’ll also have to find room to plug in seven pieces of equipment: the computer, monitor, headset, chargers and sensors. That’s fine for a man-cave, but not so much for a studio apartment. Advertisement Continue reading The $599 Rift doesn’t require as much space. In fact, some of its best experiences take place when you’re seated, which means it can be used in a normal office or living room. Its pair of hand controllers, called the Oculus Touch, also let you interact smoothly with the digital world, though they’re not always quite as sensitive – or easy to find when dropped – as those of the Vive. The Rift shines, however, in the overall quality of its software. As one of the first companies to raise mainstream awareness of virtual reality, Oculus took pains to minimize some of the more unpleasant side effects of moving through a VR world, with rock-solid tracking that should keep all but the most sensitive player from feeling too much motion sickness. Finally, Sony’s PlayStation VR has the advantage of working automatically with the PlayStation 4 and the newly released PlayStation 4 Pro. That means it doesn’t require an extra computer and runs off the game console that its target audience knows and probably already owns. Among these three high-end headsets, PlayStation VR is also the most comfortable to wear for long periods of time. And it’s just $400 – though you’ve already paid a few hundred for your PlayStation. If you really want to buy a VR headset but are still having trouble figuring out what works for you, don’t forget to compare each headset’s unique catalog of games first, to narrow down their options. Or you could take a year or two to think about it. While the hype machine is in full force right now, and consumers are responding, that doesn’t mean that failing to buy a VR headset this year will make you the lamest house on the block. Even VR evangelists don’t see the technology truly becoming mainstream for another couple of years, and that’s if all goes well. So if you postpone the decision, you may not be on the cutting edge this holiday season; but you may also save yourself some money and space if the analysts’ forecasts are wrong. holiday-tech Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: Tech to augment retail shopping – Jan 26, 2014 How retail stores are using virtual reality to make shopping more fun – Apr 20, 2016 Mall of America is stepping up its digital game with virtual reality, robots – Nov 2, 2016 This physician is using virtual reality to treat patients with dementia – Nov 17, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
null
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business Paper cuts: inside regional papers' battle to survive A printing machine at a Johnston Press factory Credit: Newscast/UIG via Getty Images Christopher Williams, Chief Business Correspondent 20 November 2016 • 6:00am When a tram derailed in Croydon earlier this month, killing seven passengers, the reporter who perhaps knew the area best was not there to cover the disaster for the local paper. Gareth Davies, four times winner of the Reporter of the Year title in the Regional Press Awards, had walked out on the Croydon Advertiser in August after eight years, taking voluntary redundancy as part of cuts to the editorial staff by the newspaper’s owner, Trinity Mirror.  His action sparked debate on media websites about the future of Britain’s once strong regional press, placing Simon Fox, Trinity Mirror’s chief executive, on the defensive.  Fox later branded claims made by Davies about the quality of journalism at the paper as “nonsense”, but was unable to prevent industry soul-searching over whether, after a dizzyingly steep decline over the last decade, it had sighted oblivion.  Simon Fox, chief executive of Trinity Mirror Credit: PA “It’s frustrating standing on the sidelines when something like the tram crash happens,” says Davies.  “But I stick by entirely what I said at the time. The Advertiser has done a good job of covering the crash because the journalists still there work very hard and Trinity Mirror knows how to do breaking news.” Yet the Croydon Advertiser newsroom is not alone in having had to make cuts as the local paper industry across the country faces declining  circulations and the loss of classified advertising that was once the lifeblood of the industry.  As the biggest player in the market, a lead extended by its £220m takeover of Local World last year, Fox is unrepentent, although he acknowledges editorial priorities have changed to cater to online audiences.  The Croydon Advertiser newsroom is not alone in having had to make cuts as the local paper industry across the country faces declining circulations and the loss of classified advertising that was once the lifeblood of the industry Trinity Mirror this month relaunched many of its biggest regional websites in cities such as Manchester and Liverpool with a new design that gives less space to crime stories and more to entertainment listings. “We do have to address our cost base constantly,” says Fox. “I don’t think that necessarily  has to affect quality though.” “We cover less country cricket than we used to because the analytics show that it is not well read. But we cover more of other things as well.” Newspapers He is convinced local newspapers can still make the shift online, even though Trinity Mirror’s revenue from online classifieds is falling as Google and Facebook sweep up as much as 80pc of digital advertising growth. As titles have closed and competition in the local news market diminished, Fox believes he can sweep up advertisers by being the last man standing. Facebook may offer local targeting, but it does not associate a brand with a city, he argues. “You’re stalking them where they live but you aren’t overtly associating your brand with a community,” says Fox. “We can show that that is more effective. I also think brands do want an option beyond Google and Facebook. You would expect me to say this but I am very optimistic about the ability of regional news to make the transition to digital.  Credit: PA “Because the regional market has been so tough, in some of the big cities where we operate, like Manchester and Liverpool, there is pretty much only us.” However, Douglas McCabe, a media analyst at Enders, sees little evidence of regional publishers building sustainable online businesses to replace their print titles. “It’s important to say there is still a lot of activity in print. There are hundreds of newspapers. Whether they are as good as they used to be is another matter,” he says. “Meanwhile publishers are still approaching online as legacy print businesses terrified of cannibalising existing trade. “They should have built a national platform that can be used in all local markets and serve local businesses as advertisers. I suspect it is now too late because the people that actually did that, partially without meaning to, was Facebook.” As property, used car and job classifieds have been lost to online specialists such as Zoopla, Auto Trader and Jobsite, regional print titles have become more reliant on brand advertising.  Publishers are still approaching online as legacy print businesses terrified of cannibalising existing trade While sales have fallen, the number of people reading local newspapers has held up in older age groups, according to the National Readership Survey. But the audience under 35 has plunged by 22pc in four years. One glimmer of hope comes in Cambridge, where Iliffe Media, a family company which has published and printed newspapers since the mid-1800’s, recently launched the Cambridge Independent. The new weekly paper has a print run of up to 20,000, and a cover price of £1. Although run by a small in-house team, it relies on a series of contributors for its 112-page editions, which focus on issues facing the University city. Iliffe Media owned the city’s Cambridge News until selling it a series of sister weekly papers to Local World in 2012. Earlier this year, under a break clause in Trinty’s Local World deal, those papers could have returned to Iliffe, but Fox decided not to enact the break clause, instead paying £2m to Iliffe.  A board showing a headline from the South London Press Credit:  ANDREW PEMBROOKE Elsewhere, Archant, a privately owned publisher of around 50 local newspapers in East Anglia and the South East, is seeking to make its website a hub for book groups and other community activities. “News is always going to be important but we have got to think more broadly than that,” says Matt Kelly, Archant’s chief content officer. “There has always got to be a place for unprofitable journalism that holds people to account, but we rapidly need to get into the engagement game.” The shift towards “engagement”, a trend replicated in the national press, signals less emphasis on the pursuit of ever-higher audience figures and more on weaving local news websites into the fabric of readers’ online lives. There has always got to be a place for unprofitable journalism that holds people to accountMatt Kelly, Archant’s chief content officer For Archant, as for almost all local publishers, it has come alongside a reduction in the number of reporters but that does not stop creativity in other ways. Kelly has overseen the launch of the group’s New European paper, which although not regional per se, is similar in that it talks to a niche audience and is distributed in select cities including London, Liverpool and Manchester, with a small circulation of 40,000. Senior executives across the sector also agree privately that the economics of the industry demand more consolidation, with Trinity Mirror seen as a likely acquirer of major rivals. Johnston Press, the number three, is saddled with heavy debts that have forced it into piecemeal sales of titles. It could become a target if its lenders decide to write off a big chunk of debt. “You can see a scenario where there are two or three, or maybe even one, big players in local newspapers,” says McCabe.  “That is my working assumption,” agrees Fox, who is currently ironing out the details of a scheme for the BBC to fund local court and town hall reports from the licence fee. Although the future may look less than certain, what is clear is that as long as there is a demand for local news, publishers will find a way to get it to their army of loyal readers.  Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: Newspapers Media and Telecoms industry Media Outlets Show more Business latest 20 Nov 2016, 5:44pm Dividend worries hit troubled Mitie 20 Nov 2016, 5:42pm OPEC oil cut nears as battered Saudis bow to indomitable US shale  Premium 20 Nov 2016, 5:30pm Uranium: the unloved metal whose price is poised to go radioactive  01:21 20 Nov 2016, 5:18pm When is Black Friday 2016 and what are the best deals? 20 Nov 2016, 3:26pm British Wool: a thriving industry, thanks to running the last marketing board in the country 20 Nov 2016, 1:47pm TSB joins bidders for £16bn Bradford & Bingley loans 20 Nov 2016, 1:02pm China will not shut the door on globalisation, president Xi Jinping vows 00:28 20 Nov 2016, 11:05am Britain has an 'eye-wateringly large debt' and economy faces 'sharp challenge', Philip Hammond warns 20 Nov 2016, 10:52am BT boss: Openreach impasse is depriving economy of £6bn investment  20 Nov 2016, 6:00am Autumn Statement: what to expect from Chancellor Philip Hammond Premium 20 Nov 2016, 12:01am CBI calls for partnership with government after bruising EU campaign 19 Nov 2016, 8:10pm Tesco Towers: supermarket enters the fray with a radical new solution to the housing crisis 19 Nov 2016, 8:05pm Autumn Statement: fiscal watchdog to downgrade growth as Hammond announces infrastructure drive 19 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Football clubs 'vulnerable' after relying on TV rights 19 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Comment: The City gears up for the blockbuster $2 trillion listing of Saudi Aramco Ben Marlow Premium 19 Nov 2016, 7:50pm Trump casts a shadow over BAT's $47bn bid for Reynolds 19 Nov 2016, 7:50pm Industry bodies slam new business rates appeals system which could cost small firms £700m 19 Nov 2016, 7:45pm Powa payments under scrutiny 19 Nov 2016, 7:36pm Shell case may launch wave of lawsuits 19 Nov 2016, 7:30pm Fears over 'dotcom' status of Rolls-Royce as crisis looms 19 Nov 2016, 7:15pm Vectura's inhalers to win out from changes to respiratory guidance If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad President-elect Trump doubles down in attacks on Hamilton - now saying the popular show isn't worth watching - as pro-Pence rallies are held outside theater despite star support for under-fire cast Melania and Barron Trump 'WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC' - threatening years of nightmarish traffic and security checks for shoppers near Trump Tower  What blind trust? Donald Trump meets with Indian business partners and his three children a week AFTER being elected despite conflict of interest promises Senior officials 'call for the director of the NSA be removed from his position over security lapses' Father-of-three paramedic and a nurse engaged to be married are among four people identified as victims of Nevada air ambulance crash Winter IS coming: Storm brings first snow of the season and icy winds in the Northeast as temperatures dip into the twenties Putin to ask Trump's permission to bomb Syria: Russian ambassador to London says airstrikes are 'diplomacy backed by force'   'It was like living in Disneyland': Pablo Escobar's son talks about a childhood of luxury while his drug boss father became the world's most wanted man Fans outraged as Kanye West storms out of ANOTHER gig just ten minutes in after rant blasting 'old a**' Hillary, Mark Zuckerberg's 'lies', 'winning-obsessed Beyonce and Jay-Z 'who has hit-men' Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the AMAs Donations to the Clinton Foundation plummeted amid Hillary's failed run for the presidency  The almost handshake: Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin photographed in brief exchange at Peru summit - but not quite shaking hands - amid frosty Syria dealings FBI arrest 'female kidnapper' after ransom is paid for woman abducted from her Washington home - who STILL remains missing 'My sister staged her engagement to interrupt my vows!' Married couples reveal the shocking ways their wedding was ruined by the guests Can YOU spot the odd one out? Only true perfectionists can see the tiny differences in these sequences Decorated soldier, 21, is found dead in barracks at Fort Bragg  Indiana city renames Columbus Day and Good Friday to be more 'culturally sensitive' 'He says "look at this" and the gun went off': Woman accidentally shot in the head at North Carolina weapons show by her husband after he bought her a gun to match his own Winter storm causes 340 crashes as it sweeps through Minnesota leaving at least one person dead - as it moves further into the Northeast Florida surfer, 60, dies fulfilling Southern California dream to ride the waves off Huntington Beach - after crashing into pier pillar I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  Germany's Iron Lady Angela Merkel plans to run for a fourth term as chancellor in next year's election  Blair is back! Former PM announces he is 'returning to British politics' because the Tories are 'screwing up Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn is a nutter' Come all ye faithful: Donald Trump and Mike Pence go to church in Bedminster before meeting Giuliani, Christie and Rahm Emanuel's Hollywood agent brother for more transition team talks Previous Next 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence, asks SIRI about ISIS and holds awkward meeting with Romney in scathing SNL skit  Alec Baldwin brought back his Donald Trump act to Saturday Night Live The skit showed a clueless president-elect Googling how to defeat ISIS It also made sure to reference Pence's recent feud with cast of Hamilton Baldwin's Trump also shared an awkward handshake with Mitt Romney Romney was played by Jason Sudeikis who declared: 'this won't work' By Kalhan Rosenblatt For Dailymail.com Published: 00:23 EST, 20 November 2016 | Updated: 05:59 EST, 20 November 2016 e-mail 761 shares 1.1k View comments Alec Baldwin revived his performance as Donald Trump on Saturday Night Live, and in this portrayal the actor pulled no punches.  The skit made sure to poke fun at Trump's latest feud with the cast of Hamilton. As Mike Pence - played by Beck Bennett - greeted Baldwin's Trump, the future president asked him what he thought of Hamilton. 'It was good. I got a free lecture,' Pence replied.  Alec Baldwin (left) revived his performance as Donald Trump on Saturday Night Live, and in this portrayal the actor pulled no punches SNL showed a clueless president-elect googling how to defeat ISIS and panicking about how much his border wall will cost  'OK. Big plan, big plan. Google, "what is ISIS?" Oh, my. 59 million results ...' Trump says before grabbing his phone and shouting: 'SIRI? How do I kill ISIS?' Trump also thanked Pence for having his back, saying: 'I love you, Mike. You're the reason I'll never be impeached.'  Earlier in the skit, Mitt Romney, played by Jason Sudeikis, was announced by a horrified and haunted-looking Kellyanne Conway, played by Kate McKinnon, and entered to an overwhelming applause.  Trump and Romney shook hands through an agonizing, awkward pause until Romney said: 'This isn't going to work, is it?' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'Couldn¿t even memorize lines!': Trump continues Twitter... 'Don't assume the worst': Obama tells world leaders in Peru... Trump supporters order '#TrumpCups' from Starbucks in... 'Trump's coming': Students scramble out of lessons and run... Share this article Share 761 shares 'I don't think so,' Trump replied.   SNL also took jabs at Trump's real-life back-pedaling on campaign promises like repealing Obamacare, hiring a special prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton, and deporting millions of immigrants.  As Pence rattled off a list of the promises, Baldwin's Trump shouted 'scrapped!' When Pence talked about how difficult it would be to deport millions of immigrants, Trump responded: 'Maybe let's not do it!'  A horrified and haunted-looking Kellyanne Conway, played by Kate McKinnon, introduces each guest to Trump  First he meets with the general who says he can't wait for Trump to reveal his secret plan to kill ISIS Later, when a rural campaign worker says he's grateful Trump will bring back jobs and build a wall, Trump beings to panic over the cost $25 billion cost of the '2,000-American-mile' wall 'What about Obamacare? 20 million people use it, and I know it's crazy, but they actually like it,' Pence said to Trump. Trump frantically replied: 'Keep it. Let's just keep it. All of it. No change.'  When Pence asked about a special prosecutor for Clinton, Trump said: 'Don't do it. She didn't do anything. SCRAPED.' Before telling Pence to scrap all of Trump's major campaign promises, Trump met with a general and a local campaign manager from Virginia who asked about Trump's wall along the Mexican border and his 'secret' plan to defeat ISIS.  Earlier in the skit, Mitt Romney, played by Jason Sudeikis (pictured), endured a long, awkward handshake  Romney finally says: 'This isn't going to work, is it?' and Trump replied 'I don't think so,' before Romney leaves 'We're really looking forward to hearing (your plan to defeat ISIS). It's only seven weeks away, so let's save some lives together,' the general said to Trump.  As soon as the general left Trump ran to his computer, sat down and said: 'OK. Big plan, big plan. Google, "what is ISIS?" Oh, my. 59 million results ...' Trump said before grabbing his phone and shouting: 'SIRI? How do I kill ISIS?' Later, when a rural campaign worker said he's grateful Trump will bring back jobs and build a wall, Trump panicked over the cost $25 billion cost of the '2,000-American-mile' wall. As Mike Pence - played by Beck Bennett - greeted Baldwin's Trump, the future president asked him what he thought of Hamilton SNL also took jabs at Trump's real-life back-pedaling on campaign promises like repealing Obamacare, hiring a special prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton, and deporting millions of immigrants As Pence rattled off a list of campaign promises, Baldwin's Trump shouted 'scrapped!' '$25 billion? It can't be that much. It's OK, Don. Hillary is still ahead in the polls,' Trump said, not seeming to understand Clinton is no longer in the race. But by the end, Trump felt all was well with Pence by his side. 'Being president won't be easy, but we'll get through it if we work hard,' Pence told Trump. Trump felt satisfied before asking: 'You're gonna do everything right?' Trump also thanked Pence for having his back, saying: 'I love you, Mike. You're the reason I'll never be impeached' The cast finally broke, turned to the camera and shouted: 'Live from New York it's Saturday night!' Later in the show, a skit lampooned CNN, portraying the pundits like Kayleigh McEnany, Van Jones and Dana Bash on a panel hosted by Anderson Cooper.  As news of each new Trump scandal breaks, the pundits say the exact same phrases over and over until they all malfunction, revealing they're robots.  Technicians replace Cooper with CNN host Jake Tapper and the panel continues on with the same lines over and over again. Later in the show, a skit lampooned CNN, portraying the pundits like Kayleigh McEnany, Van Jones and Dana Bash on a panel hosted by Anderson Cooper Technicians replace Cooper with CNN host Jake Tapper and the panel continues on with the same lines over and over again Later, during the Weekend Update segment, Michael Che and Jost discussed the latest cabinet appointments, mocked Trump for wanting to sleep in his 'big boy bed' in Trump Tower in New York and brought up the Hamilton fiasco again.  'Of course he was booed,' Jost said. 'He's a guy from Indiana who believes in gay conversion therapy. Visiting Broadway is how people from Indiana realize they're gay.' On Saturday, the real Trump sent out several tweets to the cast of Hamilton, insulting them for their treatment of Pence.  'Very rude and insulting of Hamilton cast member to treat our great future V.P. Mike Pence to a theater lecture. Couldn’t even memorize lines!', Trump wrote.  Twitter seemed to enjoy Baldwin's reprisal as Trump, the CNN sketch and Weekend Update It was his third tweet in response to Actor Brandon Dixon, who plays Aaron Burr in the smash-hit musical, and the rest of the cast pausing the curtain call to single out Pence in the Friday night audience. Earlier he wrote, 'Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing,' Trump wrote. 'This should not happen!' The second one, written at 5.56am, read: 'The Theater must always be a safe and special place. The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!'   Later on SNL, Pete Davidson also gave a monologue about how Staten Island voted for Donald Trump and how he planned to let out his anger over the upcoming Thanksgiving holiday.  Twitter seemed to enjoy Baldwin's reprisal as Trump, the CNN sketch and Weekend Update although some thought the show wasn't funny for mocking the president-elect.  '#SNL please don't ever stop the Trump skits. They are our lifeline...' one person wrote.  Another said: '"I love you Mike. You're the reason I'm never gonna get impeached." TOO REAL.' 'Alec Baldwins trump impression on SNL is the best thing,' another person tweeted.  But others were less than impressed, as one person tweeted: 'Wondering why I'm watching SNL. Unrelenting anti-Trump diatribe, nothing based on fact.'  Although some thought the show wasn't funny for mocking the president-elect Share or comment on this article e-mail 761 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence The best gift of all: Come home for Xmas with Heathrow Airport Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her NASA camera picks up glowing pink 'UFO' above earth Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Supermodel Gigi Hadid fights off man who grabs her at Milan show Last tiger of Palestine enjoys new freedom in South Africa Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called... Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election... President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin... 'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier... 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down... Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are... Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics... Melania and Barron Trump WON'T move to the White House so he... All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks... 'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and... The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (1161) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Goldie Hawn turns heads in low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with her partner...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps from the bash Shouldn't One prefer English tea, Meghan? Prince Harry's beaming girlfriend throws herself into work as she returns to the set of Suits Second day of filming 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie An A-list selfie 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga's birthday by posting a topless snap of them embracing Racy Instagram post 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight The fracas was caught on camera 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Clutching a pom pom 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken The kids were dressed up for the cameras Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Apt outfit It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Catch up What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Filmed giving his new sibling a kiss Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  Looked sensational Kanye West addresses former pal Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he takes aim at rapper's wife Beyoncé, Hillary Clinton and Mark Zuckerberg Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Justin Bieber shows off darker hairdo as he rocks Metallica T-Shirt on tour in Italy ahead of satellite performance at American Music Awards Trying something new It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot Temperature dip Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event She always turns heads on the red carpet Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London The 38-year-old singer cut a chic figure Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Figure-hugging jeans Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence in mocking SNL skit  'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley gets sick of hearing his songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London Eye-catching ensemble Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Admitted she's got to know herself. New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Wrapped up for the November chill Queen is in danger of losing the Guard at Buckingham Palace as Royal protection suffers its worst recruitment crisis in its history  Manpower targets 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  Second time as host Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopping outfit Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story of Queen Lilibet?  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Opened up All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  Rock band The Police 'offered over $9 million to reunite with Sting for the first time in eight years for Desert Trip music festival in 2017' 'Oldchella' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini The 41-year-old looks incredible 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' We are family! Elsa Pataky enjoys a day at the beach with her children in Australia's Byron Bay She left her life in LA for Australia Can YOU tell the difference between cheap and high-end make up? YouTube star puts different brands to the test... with surprising results! Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park He donned shades on day with his boys 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video Rapper-actor Ice-T is the daddy Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Channing Tatum's wife 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean Girls star Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors The 32-year-old was in Marina Del Rey  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  The 25-year-old was spotted in Hollywood  What a catch! Bikini-clad Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip to the Bahamas Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Took to Snapchat Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA The 18-year-old Modern Family star  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Speaking out Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Gas stop 'Grab My Fair Lady By The P***y': Twitter users troll Vice President-Elect Mike Pence by making up musicals about him after he was booed at Hamilton 'Couldn't even memorize lines!': Trump continues Twitter feud with Hamilton cast by tweeting out an attack - only to delete it moments later Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Golden Globe nominee  Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside He is playing a charity gig there Shuttered! Richard Simmons's landmark LA fitness studio closes its doors as reclusive star stays away telling fans 'I'm not good with endings' Gwyneth Paltrow looks confused as her makeup artist attempts contouring technique minutes before she hits the Airbnb Open stage in LA Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it The pair split in June 2015 Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Showcased her enviable physique  'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' 'The stars have aligned': Model Jessica Gomes gushes about her life falling into place after finding love with Australian actor Xavier Samuel  Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard Fall fun at the Biermann residence! Kim Zolciak's kids excitedly play with fallen leaves in the family's yard She is a mom- of-six Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Headed out in West Hollywood Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Instagram snap 'My life is amazing now... I live in paradise and travel around the world': Woman loses over 30kg and becomes a yoga teacher after weighing 95kg at just 16  'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He was one of the first investors in Airbnb Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the weather in Miami Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  The 50-year-old was in Los Angeles  'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Mom-to-be Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's girlfriend is seen for the first time since leaving London as she arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Embarrassment for VP-elect Mike Pence as Hamilton cast STOPS show to address him directly about their fears - after audience BOOED him throughout  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing schedule promoting Rules Don't Apply Burning the candle at both ends  So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous physique again... after laughing off the rumors about his manhood Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Their daughter is three Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a revealing green dress at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to jokes she's had a boob job PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: No more shedding for the wedding! Mariah Carey eats pizza with her backing dancer... as talks with ex break down 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Posted to Instagram  He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumors swirl about ex J Lo Attractive backing singer 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer at a London holiday festival  David and Victoria Beckham's eldest son was given a ticking off  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa Middleton attempts to end rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Brit talkshow host Parkinson finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later LIZ JONES: Grumpy old men sitting around in dad jeans... that's great TV?  'This is basically a TV show about old men sitting down' Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Spaghetti strap dress Twitter accounts including Charlie Sheen and The New Yorker hacked for spam ads Dozens of famous Twitter accounts were hacked She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony Spotted on the New York City set on Friday It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson Committed to making the relationship work GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been asked to pen some tracks GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Where's the bling? Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life... as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him when they first met    'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs One day away The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  New season trends 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself They also got the chance to enjoythe Christmas show Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Working hard on their bodies 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople'  'I need someone who can stimulate me regularly': Extra TV's Renee Bargh gets candid about what she wants in a man during lingerie-clad shoot Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer She was surrounded by loved ones and members of her band Michelle Obama is among thousands who gather to celebrate the life of first female co-anchor Gwen Ifill at a memorial service in Washington She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig 29-year-old hitmaker Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Enjoying a spot of sightseeing HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  She is the wife of Duran Duran singer Simon Le Bon Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Dressing like he's 24 Angelina Jolie returns to spotlight for first time since bitter divorce to campaign for children at International Criminal Court She's an Oscar winner  A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Popular Netflix series Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro TV personality I want $30m for Fake Sheikh sting: Fergie launches multi-million pound legal battle for lost earnings and humiliation over Prince Andrew cash-for-access scandal  His better half! Jason Biggs' wife Jenny Mollen wows in red as they attend animal charity bash His wife stole the spotlight on Friday night Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Dressed to impress 'THIS is not okay': Emmy Rossum responds to anti-semitic tweets from Trump supporters who use hashtag 'Sieg Heil' Hitting out Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town They are busy working parents  Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer Never fails to make any ensemble ooze glamor Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Winter has finally arrived in Los Angeles His neck of the woods: Al Roker opens the doors to the luxurious Manhattan brownstone he shares with wife Deborah Roberts and their children  Heavily pregnant Molly Sims covers her bump in a stylish faux fur gilet as she enjoys dinner ahead of her due date She is expecting her third child Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner She looked sensational Bachelorette star Jordan Rodgers' NFL star brother Aaron 'hasn't spoken to his family in two years'... and even skipped his grandfather's funeral We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA She appeared in good spirits It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Californian style Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed - after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Got very passionate Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Proved his family issues had been resolved Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Flashed her enviably taut stomach Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Tthe Kardashian matriarch looked a vision in black and red 'I love you so much my heart could explode!' Country star Dan Smyers pops the question to girlfriend Abby Law during romantic trip to Hawaii Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Navy blue jumpsuit, bow-tied with a white belt 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog He has been busy lately promoting his upcoming thriller Gold 'You don't know the meaning of STRUGGLE': Twitter users are less than sympathetic as Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA She showed off her flair for fashion Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  Getting down to business! Lucy Hale looks loved up as she walks through Adelaide Airport with boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta Pretty Little Liars star Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball The 30-year-old was Turning heads Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot Award-winning actress 'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick The busty pair posed for a selfie together 'Everybody's got their stuff': Kate Gosselin says son Collin is 'chugging along' as she provides update on his treatment away from home  They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Striking resemblance Is Meghan the missing Middleton? Prince Harry's new love looks so like Kate AND Pippa they could all be sisters Kate is known for her gleaming smile  Odell Beckham Jr loses $10,000 diamond-encrusted pinky ring while dancing at a strip club in the Bronx and is offering a reward for its return  Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York The 49-year-old actor strolled with his boys Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills Twins! EXCLUSIVE: Kathy Griffin reveals on how she saw Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks, was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm and had a Twitter war with Demi Lovato in new memoir Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal She just got a new tattoo of a spade on her wrist Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo as she got set to hit an ice-rink in Van Nuys, California Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  Donned shades 'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video The father-of-two shows his softer side  The Kelly diet: Megyn hawks new memoir to those looking to shed some pounds, revealing that her top-secret weight loss tips are in her book 'Integrity is our only true currency': Designer who dressed Michelle Obama vows NEVER to work with Melania Trump and urges others to follow her lead Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime She was spotted multi-tasking Sabotage! Beastie Boys' Adam Yauch Park playground in New York defaced with swastikas and pro-Trump graffiti Disgusted New Yorkers tweeted pictures 'Do you swallow or spit?' Demi Lovato's UFC boyfriend Luke Rockhold was kicked off Millionaire Matchmaker for being a creep Clips from the show resurfaced Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Her representative Judy Miller Silverman says she died Friday at a Cooperstown hospital in New York surrounded by her band Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  She's the daughter of Lionel Richie All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Posing up a storm 'It is so lovely being back': Rose Byrne says baby Rocco will celebrate his first Christmas in Sydney... as she arrives Down Under with partner Bobby Cannavale     DON'T MISS Ex-Survivor star Michael Skupin is convicted of possessing child pornography after police find images of 'underage children in sexual situations' on his laptop From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  She will become part of the Star Wars universe Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on Vietnamese show  Hitting their stride! Newly engaged Laura Prepon and fiancé Ben Foster are attached at the hip during stroll through New York  Loved up Strike a pose! SNL cast and crew along with Saturday night's host Kristen Wiig take on the Mannequin Challenge  Wiig is on hosting duty this weekend 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during a vacation in the US Virgin Islands with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs 'The fans will rip into Raven's *ss': Orlando Brown speaks out about being recast in That's So Raven reboot He originally didn't believe there could be a reboot without him What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  Posing up a storm Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at London charity ball The 46-year-old model put her best foot forward  Celebrity hair tribes: How stars with similar passions flock to the same salons - and end up with the same hairstyles!  Sorting out their locks Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Former Pussycat Doll 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticized by 'mean girls' Lea Michele and Cara Santana head to the gym in 'twinning' workout gear in West Hollywood Ex Glee star seen with the fiancée of Desperate Housewives star Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Splashing out John Lennon's furious Beatles breakup letter, in which he pities Paul McCartney because of Linda's 'insane' family and says the band were 'big b*****ds,' sold for $30,000 Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Expecting her second kid Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together They have three kids Mommy's night out! Behati Prinsloo leaves Adam and baby at home as she goes casual cool while hitting the town Leaving West Hollywood hotspot Delilah  EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist - and Solange's elevator attack was 'straight up' over another woman PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body 'We're not cars, we're people': Cyndi Lauper, 63, bemoans ageism in the media... as fellow iconic singer Debbie Harry, 71, admits - 'I'm guilty of it' Ahoy, mateys! Josh Duhamel and son Axl brandish cartoon-style pirate swords in Beverly Hills He plays a no-nonsense soldier in Transformers This Is Us star Chrissy Metz reveals she is contractually obligated to lose weight over the course of the series... but she's up for it Claims she's 'excited' Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  Speaking in NYC Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks social media silence as she posts an inspirational quote and thanks her friends for their support  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' Claire Danes goes make-up free for hand-in-hand stroll with husband Hugh Dancy The couple still looked giddy in love after seven years of marriage Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple have been dating since 2014 Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise 'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son EXCLUSIVE: Former Gakwer CEO Nick Denton still gives his husband a $1,550 monthly allowance despite filing for bankruptcy following Hulk Hogan lawsuit Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after going on 40 minute rant in which he revealed he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted for Trump  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Caitlyn Jenner looks laid-back in jeans while running errands alone  The 67-year-old I Am Cait star juggled her Starbucks holiday coffee cup with other items Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even SEX CLUB membership Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York Splashing out Bella Hadid shows off her slender figure in skinny jeans after being slammed over Nike campaign by Olympian Meryl Davis  Failed to raise a smile 'I have not been honest with myself': Scream actress Bex Taylor-Klaus comes out as gay Live-streamed with fans to talk about it Kesha rocks Metallica 'Damaged Justice' T-shirt for sound check before Miami concert Troubled singer was performing at the Best Buddies Miami Gala Eat, Pray, Love author Elizabeth Gilbert gushes over new girlfriend after their relationship ended her nine-year marriage Left her husband for her best friend Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  The Grand Tour review 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Thigh's the limit! Kris Jenner hits the town in fishnets, long leather boots and a shimmery mini dress  The 61-year-old went for a youthful look Alec Baldwin takes romantic stroll with wife Hilaria... after revealing he'll RETURN as Donald Trump on tomorrow's SNL Much-anticipated revival! 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' 'Those dudes get all the attention!' Gilmore Girls' Lauren Graham on how she fell for Peter Krause... despite being 'wary' of his good looks Co-star romance How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Twice as nice! Rebecca Romijn is ageless as always as she has very busy morning of interviews The 44-year-old kicked off at the Today show Make them feel merry AND bright! From a holographic gloss to pearlized polish, shop holiday beauty gifts so shiny, they won't be able to look away 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back Diane Kruger is a far cry from her glamorous self as she films scenes for gritty German drama Aus dem Nichts Usually she's perfectly turned out Gwen Stefani is autumn chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Evergreen 47-year-old 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona Ditched trademark look Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Candice Swanepoel puts cleavage on display in lacy top as she cuddles up with newborn son Anacã The 28-year-old model shared adorable selfie A woman's best friend! Mother who battled depression and obesity says a PUPPY pushed her to lose 200LBS and helped her to overcome her mental health issues Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban Free Brad! Chelsea Handler takes another swipe at 'lunatic' Angelina Jolie joking Pitt is being emancipated rather than getting divorced  Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at charity ball Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The Modern Family star documented the family inking on Snapchat The kiss was just a kiss! Marc Anthony tries to prove Jennifer Lopez smooch at Latin Grammys was innocent as he puckers up to his pals How will Nick Gordon get $36m? Bobbi Kristina's estate gets a collections lawyer in wrongful death suit - and there could still be a murder charge in case 'Fitness Friday!' Ivanka Trump shares sweet snap of Arabella 'monkeying around' at the gym before heading to the office in a chic monochrome ensemble She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA Was showing off some serious shoulder Santa's model helpers! Jourdan Dunn shows off statuesque figure in skin-tight jeans as she joins Martha Hunt for festive celebrations in New York City Transcendental Meditation, targeted workouts, and protein-packed meals: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for the Victoria's Secret show Style Swoon: From Eva Longoria's holiday clothing line to Cate Blanchett's rocker-chic leather pants, FEMAIL reveals the fashions we are loving this week Best on our desks: This week, a lotion you apply in the SHOWER, a travel-size cleansing duo and a new way to get rid of blackheads top our beauty picks Carrying Miss Daisy! Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby Daisy Josephine couldn't look cosier 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching Nothing basic about her! Lisa Rinna wears head-to-toe black as she puts together the perfect travelling ensemble With her daughter in tow 'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Doing low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four Today's headlines Most Read 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down on his attacks on Hamilton as pro-Pence rallies... Melania and Barron Trump WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC- threatening years of... What blind trust? Donald Trump meets with Indian business partners and his three children a week AFTER being... Senior officials 'call for the director of the NSA be removed from his position over security lapses' Father-of-three and a nurse engaged to be married are among four people identified as victims of Nevada air... Winter is coming: Storm brings first snow of the season and wind in the Northeast as temperatures dip into... Putin to ask Trump's permission to bomb Syria: Russian ambassador to London says airstrikes are 'diplomacy... 'It was like living in Disneyland': Pablo Escobar's son talks about a childhood of luxury while his drug... 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West addresses former pal Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he... Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the... Donations to the Clinton Foundation plummeted amid Hillary's failed run for the presidency  The almost handshake: Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin photographed in brief exchange at Peru summit - but... FBI arrest 'female kidnapper' after ransom is paid for woman abducted from her Washington home - who STILL... 'My sister staged her engagement to interrupt my vows!' Married couples reveal the shocking ways their... Can YOU spot the odd one out? Only true perfectionists can see the tiny size difference in these sequences  Decorated soldier, 21, is found dead in barracks at Fort Bragg  Indiana city renames Columbus Day and Good Friday to be more 'culturally sensitive' Woman accidentally shot in head at North Carolina gun show after weapon her husband had bought discharged Winter storm causes 340 crashes as it sweeps through Minnesota leaving at least one person dead - as it... Florida surfer, 60, dies fulfilling Southern California dream to ride the waves off Huntington Beach - after... I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star... Germany's Iron Lady Angela Merkel plans to run for a fourth term as chancellor in next year's election  Blair is back! Former PM announces he is 'returning to British politics' because the Tories are 'screwing up... Donald Trump goes to church in New Jersey before meeting with Rudy Giuliani, Chris Christie and Hollywood... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies... Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called 'a phony, racist and bigot' in election... 'Totally one-sided and biased': Donald Trump slams SNL for scathing skit in which Alec Baldwin portrays... White Lives Matter activists clash with anti-Trump protesters in Texas as cops arrest eight Trump meets with controversial school reformer Michelle Rhee as she is considered for Secretary of Education... MORE HEADLINES Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called 'a phony, racist and bigot' in election war-of-words as Trump dangles prospect of White House job during another busy day of transition meetings Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election backlash by telling Starbucks baristas their name is 'Trump' so they have to shout the name when their cup of Joe is ready President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was 'harassed' by 'very rude' cast who stopped the show to confront VP sitting in the audience - while the crowd BOOED him and his family 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence, asks SIRI about ISIS and holds awkward meeting with Romney in scathing SNL skit  'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier killed by suicide bomber during Veterans Day run get BOOED by American Airlines first class for delaying flight on way to pick up their dead son's body  'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down on his attacks on Hamilton as pro-Pence rallies are held outside theater despite celebrity support for under fire cast Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are charged with manslaughter after brothers, six and nine, drowned after being washed over a 70-foot waterfall Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics of the eighties and the era's misfits 'who your mother warned you about', all captured by iconic photographer Melania and Barron Trump WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC- threatening years of nightmarish traffic and security checks for shoppers near Trump Tower  All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and I kissed her': Cancer stricken four-year-old who broke the internet's heart after her father posted a photo of her pain and suffering has died, family announce The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the first time, the -196C cryo-tank where body of 14-year-old cancer girl is hung upside down in a £10 sleeping bag with FIVE other corpses German husband who killed his Filipino wife and sliced her body into eight pieces to go on a Thailand sex holiday has been jailed for life  Was new mom MURDERED for her baby? Two arrested in Dallas 'for kidnapping week-old baby they may have passed off as their own after mother was found shot dead'  Mystery as UFO hunter posts images of huge spherical object in front of the Sun that was captured by NASA cameras Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend is seen for the first time since leaving London as she arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Lover gets stuck inside married mistress while having sex after her husband asked a witch doctor to curse her genitals Trump meets with controversial school reformer Michelle Rhee as she is considered for Secretary of Education in his Cabinet Blair is back! Former PM announces he is 'returning to British politics' because the Tories are 'screwing up Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn is a nutter' as he prepares to meet with Theresa May  'Happy holidays from the very gay, very liberal table sitting next to you': Woman pays for one family's dinner and leaves message of acceptance on the receipt after overhearing their homophobic comments Who is deplorable now? Gang of four are charged after 'beating' Trump supporter in horrific attack caught on camera  Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' 'Go to another country if you don't like Trump': Federal judge at US citizenship ceremony goes on rant defending the President elect Butt they won! Yale students delay annual football game with Harvard by stripping off  Boy paralyzed by a gun shot to the face aged 7, who turned down a $3M payout in exchange for having weapons destroyed and saving others, dies of his injuries 22 years after accident  'He was able to do whatever he wanted': Girl, 13, speaks out after being sexually assaulted on a plane by 'drunk' stranger sitting next to her for 30 minutes Michelle Obama is among thousands who gather to celebrate the life of first female co-anchor Gwen Ifill at a memorial service in Washington Alabama police officer fired over racist Facebook post saying Michelle Obama is ‘fluent in ghetto’ Woman, 27, who admitted to having sex with her dog three times burst into tears after a judge told her she would spend the weekend behind bars MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Education Health Politics Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Opinion Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Special Sections About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 54° Clear Bakersfield, CA (93301) Today Partly cloudy skies this morning will give way to occasional showers during the afternoon. High around 70F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 50%.. Tonight Rain likely. Thunder possible. Low 51F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: November 20, 2016 @ 8:54 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Education Health Politics Election 2016 Off the Press Opinion 2016 Presidential Election Results 2016 Local Election Results 2016 California Proposition Results Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit Community Voices Submit Columnists Herb Benham Jose Gaspar Lois Henry Olivia Garcia Richard Beene Robert Price Steve Merlo Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Sponsored Bakersfield Life Special Sections 150th Anniversary Bakersfield Business Conference Kenny Graham Merle Haggard Seasons Close TBC/ Email Senior Editor Robert Price at rprice@bakersfield.com; the views expressed here are his own. SOUND OFF: Fake news still turning up post-election BY ROBERT PRICE rprice@bakersfield.com rprice 13 hrs ago 0 TBC/ Email Senior Editor Robert Price at rprice@bakersfield.com; the views expressed here are his own. This feedback forum is designed to give readers a way to voice criticisms and compliments or ask questions about The Californian’s news coverage. Your questions may be edited for space and clarity. Reader: I read in your 10 Things You Need To Know in the Nov. 16 edition about retiring Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer introducing a bill that would end the Electoral College. Well, that’s not going to happen, but for argument's sake, let’s just say it was in play this year. Currently, in the popular vote, Hillary Clinton leads Donald J. Trump by roughly 630,000 votes with about 7 million yet to be counted. Assuming the same percentage follows, Clinton will win the popular vote by around 640,000. However, it is estimated that 3 million illegal immigrants (OK, let’s be politically correct so no one is offended and call them people who do not have the right to vote) cast ballots in this election. Assuming only two-thirds voted for Clinton (it’s estimated that the figure realistically would be more like 90 percent), that’s 2 million less for Clinton and a million less for Trump. You can do your own math, but Trump wins by close to 1.5 million votes! So, before Boxer introduces a bill to change the system, we need to be 100 percent sure that the ballots of people who do not have the right to vote are not counted. Come to think of it, perhaps we should make sure convicted felons, dead people and those who voted more than once are also excluded from the tally. — Robert Gautney Price: Perhaps you read about BuzzFeed's recent analysis concluding that fake news stories about the election generated more engagement on Facebook than the top election stories from 19 major news outlets combined. Well, the fake news blitz continues, and this one is a prime example.  The illegal-immigrant voting story apparently started with InfoWars, a conspiracy website run by Alex Jones. PolitiFact, the Pulitzer Prize-winning project of the Tampa Bay Times, says the article had been shared via Facebook more than 48,000 times when it last looked. Other websites have since picked it up. PolitFact's researchers traced the story back to a couple of tweets — yes, tweets — and the person who authored them, a Gregg Phillips, wouldn’t say how he came up with his information. "If that isn’t reason enough to be skeptical," writes PolitiFact, "independent experts and historical analyses suggest it’s highly suspect. In other words, don’t buy it." PolitiFact went on to trace a history of similar claims that is filled with assumption, misunderstanding and incomplete information. For the complete report, go to www.politifact.com/punditfact and you'll see the article near the top. Long story short, PolitiFact rates the story false. This whole phenomenon is troubling. It's so incredibly easy to research the validity of news stories, fake and not. It really just comes down to laziness, because in this age of Google it's fast and easy (and, dare I say, even fun) to check out this stuff. But start with this: Google the story "How to Spot Fake News," written by the people at FactCheck.org, another excellent fact-verification organization. The article is a worthwhile read, but here are the bullet points: • Read beyond the headline. If a provocative headline drew your attention, read a little further before you decide to pass along the shocking information. • Check the author: Another tell-tale sign of a fake story is often the byline. Google the author's name and read his credentials. Takes no time at all. • Check the date. Some false stories aren’t completely fake, but rather distortions of real events, some that might have happened long ago. • What’s the support? Many times these bogus stories will cite official — or official-sounding — sources, but once you look into it, the source doesn’t back up the claim. FactCheck.og cites the example of a graphic "purporting to show crime statistics on the percentage of whites killed by blacks and other murder statistics by race. Then-presidential candidate Donald Trump retweeted it, telling Fox News commentator Bill O’Reilly that it came 'from sources that are very credible.' But almost every figure in the image was wrong — FBI crime data is publicly available — and the supposed source given for the data, 'Crime Statistics Bureau – San Francisco,' doesn’t exist." By the way, the most recent numbers have Clinton ahead in the popular vote with more than 63 million votes to Trump's 61.6 million, a margin of 1.43 million. They're still counting. ––– Reader: We have subscribed to The Californian for 70 years and if it were not for the comics and the puzzles we would stop today as you have become a spokesperson for the Democrat party. I would like to put this in stronger terms, however I am too nice of a person, unlike your liberal paper. — Dr. Melvin Cochran Price: If that's the case, Dr. Cochran, I'm one lousy spokesperson. I just Googled "Bakersfield Californian" and "Hillary" and "Benghazi" and got more than 3,000 hits. I replaced "Benghazi" with "email server" and got nearly 600 more. It's been a tough year for the DNC already, what with Debbie Wasserman Schultz having resigned in disgrace and her interim replacement, Donna Brazile, possibly following her out the door. The DNC sure doesn't need a spokesperson whose newspaper keeps bringing up its standard-bearer's ultimately fatal missteps. -- Reader: I was reading Robert Price's response to the man who didn't like his coverage of the presidential race on election night. His response seemed sort of silly because he didn't do his job as editor, or else he would have had some kind of story in the paper. Of course he is a bleeding liberal in a Republican county, which means he could at least be fair. I stopped reading the paper after 30 years, but I did read it today (Nov. 12). And I encourage people to not take his paper if they don't agree with him. — Don Hunt Price: Don, I'm trying to piece this together. You don't normally read the paper, but last week's Sound Off was an exception? I assume that means you missed our election night coverage, which was the subject of the exchange you're referencing. We did have "some kind of story in the paper" about the presidential election. A big one. It just so happened our deadline arrived before Clinton conceded and Trump declared victory, so it wasn't a definitive "Trump wins!" but our coverage made it clear Trump was cruising to a shocking victory. Many papers had to do the same sort of thing. I encourage you to not criticize things you apparently haven't bothered to investigate. --- Reader: Yesterday your air quality figure was 157 for greater Bakersfield for all. But from Quailwood I picked up my Californian at 7 a.m. and looking east the mountains were crystal clear. Then all day, even after the cars on Highway 99 sent out a cloud of haze, the mountains to the east were quite clear. And yet there was no burning or fireplaces. As a homeowner, a World War II veteran and a 25-year subscriber of The Californian, I expect more than that. — James A. Kurfess Price: I can't tell whom you're blaming. We get those air quality forecast figures from the San Joaquin Air Pollution Control District. We don't invent them here at The Californian. Just a guess, and this is counterintuitive, but perhaps our skies can appear clear and still qualify as unhealthy. That's a question for the air district. I'm told these no-burn days have made a hugely positive impact on our air since the program began 13 years ago. --- Reader: Danny Morrison is one good reason why The Californian has shrunk to the size of a postage stamp. His column is absolute bilge. Who wants to pay money monthly to read this crapola? Just because Mr. Morrison is electorally challenged doesn't mean he deserves "victim status." Is this really the best this newspaper can dredge up for comment and commentary? — Gary Johns Price: I'm sorry you don't agree with some of the opinions expressed in The Californian. Have you found some opinions you agree with? There, we've just defined one of the most important roles of a general-interest local newspaper. I give Danny a lot of credit for having the courage to express opinions he must surely know will be unpopular, but I don't give him credit for the shrinking of the American newspaper. I believe a few other factors have been at work. Robert Price and The Californian welcome your comments and suggestions. To offer your input by phone, please call 395-7649 and leave your comments in a voice-mail message or send an email to soundoff@bakersfield.com. Please include your name and phone number. Phone numbers and addresses won’t be published. rprice Follow rprice Close Get email notifications on rprice daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever rprice posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow rprice Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Local Video Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles KHSD board allows teachers to carry guns on campus Fair official fudged auction doc: 'I thought I was helping' KHSD to force CCW gun vote in unusual special session Tulare prosecutors clear KHSD police chief of wrongdoing Festive first Bakersfield Marathon has late start, quiet finish Goh wins Bakersfield mayoral race Kern prosecutor faces potential one-year suspension for falsifying confession Valley fever cases spike. Is it the weather? LOIS HENRY: Trustee upset by harsh press: Someone call a waaambulance Zach Ewing's playoff quarterfinals previews and predictions Images Videos Commented LOIS HENRY: Trustee upset by harsh press: Someone call a waaambulance (15) KHSD board allows teachers to carry guns on campus (9) How do we convince anti-oil activists our water is safe? (7) DANNY MORRISON: Dear Trump voters: Your hypocrisy is showing (7) KHSD to force CCW gun vote in unusual special session (6) Before gun vote, KHSD receives flood of concern from teachers (6) LOIS HENRY: Oilfield water injection nothing to fear (6) COMMUNITY VOICES: KHSD vote creates campus dystopia (5) Community Voices: KHSD board is dead wrong about guns on campus (5) Community Voices: Bakersfield is drowning in debt (5) Today's e-Edition Login Subscribe Sections News Obituaries Sports Opinion Entertainment Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Online Features Services Subscriber Services Submission Forms Place an Ad Marketplace Events Email Alerts Search Weather Contact Information Bakersfield.com 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA 93301 Phone: (661) 395-7500 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com Follow Us © Copyright 2016 Bakersfield.com, 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
null
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for HTC 10: When will One A9, One M9 get it? HTC had earlier said that it had received the final shipping of Android 7.0 Nougat software from Google. Raymond Ronamai   November 20, 2016 08:15 IST HTC 10 and HTC 10 Lifestyle unveiledREUTERS/Tyrone Siu It is a common knowledge that HTC will be releasing Android 7.0 Nougat update to its device like the HTC 10 before the end of this year but not many will be aware of its progress. Now, several screenshots of the firmware running on the flagship device have been leaked online, giving a clear hint that the OS will arrive soon. Popular leakster LlabTooFeR has claimed on Twitter that Android 7.0 Nougat update would come to the HTC 10 by the end of November or early December without mentioning the exact date. The firmware is expected to come to Europe before expanding to other regions. Why advertise with us? [READ: HTC 10 Android Nougat update release schedule leaked] In what seems like a move to prove that HTC is indeed close to rolling out Android 7.0 Nougat to its flagship, the leakster has tweeted a series of screenshots of the firmware running stable on the device. We are getting close to Android 7.0 release for HTC 10 (EU)... Build is stable... pic.twitter.com/Oa3LBM0D4Z— LlabTooFeR (@LlabTooFeR) November 16, 2016 HTC had earlier said that it had received the final shipping of Android 7.0 Nougat software from Google and that its roll out will begin soon. It said that the new firmware would be rolled out to the unlocked HTC 10 in the fourth quarter of this year amd that it would come to the unlocked One M9 and One A9, and carrier versions a little later. It is not sure if the HTC One M9 and One A9 will receive Android 7.0 Nougat update this year or next year. It is still not known if HTC's popular devices like the HTC Desire 820, HTC Desire 826, HTC ME, HTC One E9, HTC Butterfly 3, HTC M8 EYE, HTC 816, HTC One (M8 Eye), HTC One M8 and HTC One E8 will get the firmware. Post Comment IBT TV Close Black Friday: A quick history Why advertise with us? Latest News Update OnePlus One with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod CM 14.1 custom ROM 3 hours ago By Rohit KVN Apple iPhone 8 series tipped to boast upgraded dual-lens camera 7 hours ago By Rohit KVN Editor's Pick International Men's Day: The 10 Sexiest Men Alive of 2016 Is the iconic commercial aircraft Boeing 747 being retired? Why advertise with us? most popular When will Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus get Android 7.0 Nougat update? Motorola has revealed the list of devices that will receive the Android 7.0 Nougat, and it includes Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus. Moto Z and Moto Z on Verizon receive Android Nougat OS update; Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus to follow suit You are in luck if you are a Moto Z and Moto Z Force owner in the US having subscribed to Verizon. Reliance Jio vs RCom: Unlimited calls, free national roaming, 4G data bundles drive competition RCom and Jio have started a tough war in the telecom industry. Android 7.0 Nougat development for Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Tab S2 begins Samsung will end the beta test of Android 7.0 Nougat by mid-December, hinting its official roll out would begin soon. HP tipped to launch new Windows 10 handset with Microsoft Lumia phone features Microsoft is reportedly to offering Nokia Lumia's display and camera technology to build HP's new Windows 10 Mobile OS-powered phone. Pokemon Go Gen 2 rumored to surface on December 7 An employee of Starbucks is rumoured to have leaked an internal memo that contains references to the release date of Pokemon Go Gen 2. Mark your calendar to officially witness Nokia Android phones in 2017 The new smartphones would be Android powered devices, which would be a first for Nokia as a brand. Lenovo to launch K6 series in India soon, hints teaser Lenovo is expected to either launch K6 Power or K6 Note in India in coming weeks. Photo Gallery Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch. Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C - Portnoy's pizza reviews; Alan Dershowitz once claimed he shut down Barstool Sports 11-18-16 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria The Whiner Line, 11-11-16 Dale & Holley   Michael Irvin - let's see if that hit changes the way Gronk plays the game Weekend Shows   Fantasy Football Hour, 11-20-2016 Enough About Me   Ep. 41: John Feitelberg of Barstool Sports Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Mike Petraglia Featured Story Day to remember: Rick Porcello gets his award, Kate Upton doesn't get her... by Rob Bradford Latest Blog Posts Red Sox max out 40-man roster by adding pitchers Kyle... Rick Porcello explains why he doesn’t plan on pitching in... Latest Columns Would you rather have Mookie Betts or Mike Trout? It's become a v... Why Red Sox might want to rethink not making Edwin Encarnacion an offs... Latest Audio 2016 AL Cy Young Winner Rick Porcello Hot Stove Show - Debating the MVP Race between Mookie Betts... Patriots Christopher Price It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets Mike Petraglia Ryan Hannable John Tomase Featured Story Patriots more prepared to play without Rob Gronkowski than ever before by Ryan Hannable Latest Blog Posts Report: Patriots making TE Martellus Bennett an ‘offseason... Tom Brady reportedly reinstated as Patriots team captain Latest Columns Patriots’ responses to late-season losses have traditionally tested ch... Upcoming schedule will help Patriots defense in short-term, but could... @4:25 PM SF NE Latest Audio Duron Harmon explains why the Patriots D isn't generating... Real Postgame Show - Glenn can't get bent out of shape on... Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach by Mike Petraglia Latest Blog Posts Al Horford, Jae Crowder hit spot for Celtics in win over... Full Court Press: Sounding the alarm, Isaiah Thomas calls... Latest Columns Celtics rookie Jaylen Brown is real deal, but not for reasons you migh... Statue of liberty dunks, media disrespect, and a relentless will have... Nov 21 Min Bos Latest Audio Celtics Season Preview - Brought to you by JBL, 10-26-16 Celtics Season Preview Bruins DJ Bean Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Reacting to the Tuukka Rask reaction by DJ Bean Latest Blog Posts Defense remains a dominant force for Bruins in win over Jets Reports: Former Bruin Craig Cunningham collapses on ice... Latest Columns New NHL schedule makes it impossible to develop real rivalries Brad Marchand: From cocky kid, to party animal, to NHL superstar Nov 22 Bos StL Latest Audio Bruins Cast - B's missing offense but manage back-to-back... Bruins Cast - B's drop third straight in NY, frustration... National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Football MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB Brett Cecil to Cardinals: Latest Contract Details,... Surprise Potential Suitors for the Top 2016-17 MLB... NFL Tony Romo Trade Rumors: Latest News and Speculation on... Rolando McClain Reportedly Suspended: Latest Details,... NBA NBA Rumors: Latest Buzz on Rudy Gay Trade, Blake Griffin... Draymond Green Criticizes Celtics Fans for Booing Kevin... NHL Ranking the 10 Best NHL Players Under 25 Years Old Way-Too-Early Ranking of the Top Candidates for the 2016-17... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley WEEI at Night Weekend Shows Podcasts Enough About Me Podcast New Age Insiders Podcast Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Latest Audio  Fantasy Football Hour, 11-20-2016 Danny Picard - Pats, Sheard, Celtics Danny Picard - Klay Thompson Saturday Skate - LB Saturday Skate - Possible Trades Popular Audio  Enough About Me - Ep. 41: John Feitelberg K&C - Michael Lombardi accuses Kirk of putting words in his... Latest Podcast  Eagle Talk Episode 11 K&C Recap Show - Michael Lombardi unhinged with Minihane 11-18-16 Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Brad Stevens says third-quarter drought led to blowout loss to Warriors Mike Petraglia, Josue Pavon talk Kevin Durant, Warriors routing Celtics » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Ghirardelli Chocolate Company Caramel Pour eGift Station Events WEEI with Angry Orchard at... Sun, 11/20/2016 5:30 pm WEEI with Sam Adams at Warren... Sun, 11/20/2016 4:30 pm » More Events Contests Kovalev vs. Ward Signed Glove/Custom Belt Enter to win an autographed boxing glove signed by both Andre Ward and Sergey Kovalev or a limited... WEEI Pro Football Pick 'Em Make your Professional Football picks before each game of the season for a chance to win $100 each week and compete for the $2,000 Grand Prize!... » More Contests NFL New England Patrio.. Bill Belichick Tom Brady Seattle Seahawks Super Bowl Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>Saturday Skate - Possible Trades Tweet Subscribe Download Share Saturday Skate - Possible Trades Nov 20, 2016| Ken Admiral and Ty talk possible trades the Bruins could look for. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. You're listening to Saturday skeet with Ryan Whitney rear admiral and and layered on Sports Radio WEEI. Some some decent Tennessee's when. We forgot its coverage because for the most part they are anywhere from else. Pluck bush out yet. Good defensive effort to road he's going. Tuukka Rask who dropped this bomb on a life yes and covers that was really highlight the game Thursday night. Most exciting action of the night David. In letter admiral and a tie Anderson in four Ryan Whitney of former NHL or will be on the show at some point it brought us Pletcher. Play went through Scott particulates podcast with them in the arsenal is like the even. For you guys this week he was on some connection with a ushering in a. I think am I think he was deep put like O'Neill will follow up and then there was some countries' refusal to accept some some I think there's some like that don't mind. I don't know of these in in that deportation Cortes a lot. Stability is stars such as well so yeah right as we have our vision Ozzie candidates and until they don't wanna they don't want allowed back on the country they wanna keep them there on their networks 24 hours a day with his. Sardonic size sides. And not cheap for the charming extant. Our net or NHL looked player taste still LB Lyndon byers gonna Joe's gonna top the hour to add some expertise this discussion views Koppen and another garden for a early in Winnipeg socking a lot about why the offense is now for the Bruins the how involved the trade possibility should they be coming up but we are discussing to go but you're right it is really not mean they can't be considering trading Rask. At this point crate she till I do think it's it's a possibility so the textures bring up Ryan Spooner who is a possibility to move on. And crate G I guess they dangle in the offseason right now you review hubris. Yes face an Intel that yeah they've they've they tried it. They've they've through his name out there but. Mike has said that the values too low and coming off hip surgery knows that I take that in the years into this to me years left his no trade and he's waiting in the first place. But I just think that there's a lot of things working against a creature E*Trade last year for a number of reasons from both the Bruins standpoint and the you know potential buyers standpoint so he's a bad players are not average second line center at this point right when you said. Spooner a great real quick. I mean he's healthy baby Obama I mean look at a guy he was I mean I thought it a couple years really was a top line definitely a number ones and I hey I know since you know the last couple years Bergeron is kind of usurp that number one line title for them in this town. I'm yeah I would definitely Kama top six its formal tops export Devlin a look to senate. That has been about great GM and end it. My only reluctance in just kind of sell low won him a solid sound at all as. Here's a playoff supply and twenty elevenths when he thirteen an old eleven was a while Google but he led them. The whole league and scored both the bullish both of those years when he did he need Portland which each to do. Is the question would would he beat it back in the playoffs Spiller. Is going to be seeing. I sent my doubts lobbying that's as humans born is going to be on his one complain actual arm which that's sulphide battle line remains to be seen. But at what point penis is Reza may have playoff performances is pretty good. And I think you know I mean god given the benefit of the belt that he's capable of doing that again on this personalities are had a hip surgery. So. You know I mean if it again if there's a deal it's always what you gonna get back that's that's a key in any trade mean you know you don't wanna just trading guy because wanted to trade him. But I think that that's some they'd have to spend a lot out of bottoming because he was I mean he's one of those guys he raises level and when the games are brought there and I know each heats. This sometimes play his play is almost a little full of full item about a word. I he he's not you know the most I engaging fellow at times he's not a dynamic personality Ed by any stretch. And I think that meet meet meet people like. Easy for them to get rid of him because he's not you know this kind of funny guy nearly QE I mean. Think about no one really knows much about daily creature in the Stoppard has been there as long as he has Armenia's European he's not an American guy so. You know he's just I kind of kept to himself and that's fine that's you know show his prerogative but. I I think that people feel like they also don't I don't think the fans have that that much of an of an emotional attachment with the meant to do with other guys. Maybe not maybe the organization doesn't either I don't know that I mean I could see Bacchus at some point in the second senator creature move on for some package of players maybe not this year but. Next for the year after that it could actually I mean if they decided. You know that better serves haven't haven't acts as the number two senate. I like Backus person I like them on the wing I think you know with with him. Especially with our over the set up man like crate G I mean that's kind of an ideal setup man forms for if they had notes that the plot 2530 goals. It's are closest connection to court and exactly he had of that kind of big haul that window which which needs of honor treat fox farm rights to do that got me pretty but he can do. Exactly exactly so I I think I think those 20. You know and in another maybe month or so wanna get a little bit what chemistry I think they'll be fine but. You know you don't wanna just treating guy for the sake of trade immigrate crate G again I I loved what he did the playoffs those those two years he was he was a monster man. I think he still has an and in him again. Saturday's game heroes which rated the media abruptly ETT it's the market falls ago Stephen Boston's building on policy are you. They didn't. Wear a duty to radiate out accurately. Also is set ticket TV. All of our licensee. Yale Harvard finished. Now that but now I can't watch college football or product again. What's underneath lipid and to Sweetwater goggle goaltender harbored. It accurately to crack. You know. Of the block. I once seen as a doctor. I wanna see residential area. I can't. You know I'm gold. I can't remember as a goaltender. Much you are. But I actually call. The only slip. Are you looking colts and at Caltech for a while it is. Aren't these games can. Scoring chances. Nobody school. Connecticut tumbling army generally seen. No no. Almost all put all those stages on his face you know I was diversity. Of practice to you know that. I did didn't know that even up frosty forest thought. We'll outfield steals former trainer for the old ruins the 772 Bruins won't let me rest one of those and Tom. It's part is what you blame that for the price tag as you make it seven million a year we got into that discussion I Xavier thinking about making a blockbuster trade. You gotta give something to get something that would be a commodity something like you said Dallas would want. Nearly been looking for a marquee goaltender you get seven million off the books and bang you're gonna add some offensive or or or tell the Blue Line. But the Odyssey did listings with closed system their bill or rats so much that stuff. Now you know if you Eds Zain. MacIntyre in waiting in the wings and he was saying like what Martin Jones analysts are for you know for the kings a year or two ago in addition to trademark jet -- well let us and you know it's ice ice is funny said that Miley got no one know once of the trade him back down and of course on one person on would have pulled out there tweets from when the Bruins actually had my Jones at three days not a light scented. I saw him by do you you'd you be viewed and you said you're the one you're in the Internet data you'll with a one person said that deterrent to trade a rat's butt. Again you know you'd trade a number one goalie you better have somebody like who can do the job. It waiting in the wings right now MacIntyre. I don't know that he's that I have a prospect I think EC on eagle rock yet if he certainly better than to shoot man right now but. You know idea if he looks a lot better right so annoying Niemi back for a year yeah any calling berg. Make it in that Al Mahdi Abbott's damn console like that was why your yes. I don't know I don't I naught I don't. It but why bring the hey why even bring in the white gonna downgrade your most important position that Israel I pray fifty out of here. You get upgrade everything else let let's go globe put deep but what's cents a don't know if you get a crappy eagle tell you missed the playoffs figures are over here. Absolutely and I listen three as an arrow are you sure. If with him trade him to or ask for anti Niemi here you muzzled his cell everybody at that point I mean. You know you meet number one goalie Matt bask in it resent Rask is if some want the Kabul that paid which he's not he's paid. You know with perfect v.'s biggest market value of not underpaid right now out this year. They're easily overpaid because the Bruins allowed to because they. You know they will haggle back and what they could sign of the decent money and they they gave him a contract yet they singular sign a one year deal which in effect. Was a contract in any when he played his ass off and and they had a payment that the money makes outsold the fact these particular as money is. Really the draw is fault of the in the first place they should've recognized would anybody watch hockey recognized back and Tuukka Rask does that ease the real deal I like him enough IR EF 525 million mobile whatever it was asked vote wasn't crazy money. And the only non all we wanna see what little blunt he showed it to the man now that's lays make all the money's main house I think they got the wrong they get themselves. The blame for his contract if a hard rebuilt comes Charley moved before to grasp and moved and sold it nearly as much. None of course not but it but that's that would be the first sign of them tearing it down and starting hollering and I'd be a charge trade than a restaurant. I LBS and a serious hockey smarts this conversation in May tropical as well Lyndon byers WA AF joint deceit setters gay killer rear admiral it's I Anderson but you my AT&T it's our markets which rated B yeah. Rear admiral for Clark school sports and I'm like yeah sure. Hosted by Jim Blair from the curtain Callahan for Saturday's games he's brought to you by AT&T and star market need is great. Got a lot of losses. Thanks so much for some bees talk right now on Sports Radio don't you. Against all odds back for a second straight weekend Laird in the general here on Saturdays gate next week for the Bruins admiral picks week. Good and bad to be at this week to get into that coming up with a cast of thousands four to six points on the road trip for Boston since we last spoke it wants seven out of ten. Big picture that one of the hotter teams in the NHL built with that stretch. It'll Steven Stamkos for four months that's good news if you're a Boston fan and at 40% of the season on Bruins are definitely in the race bad news is. Get shut out Minnesota gets really the only good team they played over this three games been Amaral and just scoring is down. Second brutal loss of a point in the last one minute and some change I you feel about this as the Bruins seem right now. Killer tables get the speed admirals that like the public that number five eligible Craig. Feel like it is a deal if I'd gotten to have back on my way things normally go to. Yeah I was you know other a top fence of the trip it was a quick three game trip kind of an odd you know what you know Arizona outside. I've Minnesota Colorado distance kind of an unusual trip as far as the travel by. Yeah I was a bomber and ending and that's like that's like while I headlines had an impossible as Qichen and adds that she's euthanized when I wrote. You know it's just a tough loss died yet the play good I mean it it wasn't really an offensive game Minnesota like that it was talking about the doubles cup weeks of them a month chart was here or another location but. Just basically how the organization we have been a boring team to watch even though they've. They've moved on from certain GMs and certain coaches don't play that style and they brought in in a lot of stars guys who can score but they. This just sucked sucked that a bolt Minnesota Wild it just doesn't really appealed Junius was it's likely that you'll that right nineties great and in its cycle but I don't see why they'd. With a new coach brought in with new. What is truly supposed to be offensive why they always kind of played and it just every time you put a wild game even if the plane a pro is just not really gaining huge OpenId seed natural we saw the other night that. Was very defense about the Bruins are playing a good road game I mean they you know and didn't you lovable (%expletive) Nineteen minutes and live a sixteen seconds or whatever it was. I'm in which is what the bounces a means to me that was one of those like. Allows frustrate me had a goal called back on on a replay which yell like tonight out of the new wage Allen and have announced that instant replay. But it was just one those things I mean it. What's it Michael Grammy goes to make Nassau surpassing its share and close by to cry it's just like us you know 882 games it's gonna happen me happened while. Didn't lose off which I deflection but Montreal same thing it's. You know you play it play about off fought for the whole game and then you get a bad bounce I think of it and of course 82 games it all comes out in the wash. All the Montreal game was. To be a backup goaltender at a bad moment at the end this would rewind the tape just before the goal. Riley Nash is in their for posture and act as he's injured right top line can't get it out of zone and didn't. And seconds ago in any compounds that by. Jacket guy into the back of Adam Kuwaiti ego the Seattle tumbled. Head over in over heels in the crease then McQueen gets back up but he said puck goes off Sheehan and instill well the warships of weeks earlier from Riley Nash in that spot. Yet it was but made it out he was the stop before that mean you're the play itself was one of those bouts but right before him a Quaid. Good cream to say you know like I it I loved the fans on its way to. One of those is welcome at all notre embattled agency that got him aquarium like Aaron did you see 'cause he Nash buried commencement where it raises. He can't call what are not the other right. And now ices you know would McQuay was slow get not been in of people wonder what it was that was sliced as well bought a raps that's a tournament is an offensive opportunity. They typically don't blow the whistle especially in that situation. So it was not the guy kind of precursor to the actual goal itself but. You know if if not a pass goes you don't throw his legs are it's television cattle whatever and you know they got a point and we talk about how successful the report solid it's you know I like a cliche that it's a game I brought games of inches all sports I guess but. That's just you know another example why hockey. You know every little inch every little bounced and has so much. Here's the thing with a bruised right now to meet her there ahead of where I thought they would be put at the same time you watch them without Pasternak scoring now 23 in the lake. In average goals per game 2.3 five goals per game and in this stretch didn't help and as you say Minnesota's oldest defense teams and leagues you'll overreact to one game. But right now they're they're profiling is one good line which in a funk. And the rest. They're trying to figure it out. And crate she is still some signs of life he's coming off the injury actually he had a goal on the strip but. You're just not get Netflix it would posture necks out. Trickle down effect now you get Dominic abortion third wants it or not you gotta pump Riley Nash at the top line TB case it's normal roster beyond. Beyond anybody's. Belief and has no points to fifteen games so you got a bunch of plumbers here who were just not getting the job done and I think. In the end they're gonna come down to a fundamental question here. Are they gonna go at the trade deadline or sooner than the trade market to try to again add some pieces somewhere. To get over the hump to get into the playoffs this year like they did last year or even in a bigger blockbuster order they take the big picture and say hey. We're in every bit familiar more than anything. I know we got Corvel we gotta we gotta play along game and I think you've seen enough from some your stars like grass that you gotta be tested it to make a blockbuster trade in yet another piece in need help. These gets yeah I think enough when the market does. It's kind of warm up to see you very seldom see trades before the well before the deadline mean. Last year if it was last year everything kind of went to had a cup after awhile. They are down you Hanson set Joseph straight I was a monster trade that's very rare to have a pure hockey trade like that play a player. Golf one team to one other shall I wouldn't expect anything anytime soon with with the Bruins but yeah I think when the deadline approaches. Even hatchery by the way it was after January early Sebelius in Okie I was fairly well you know that the basically my point is that before the deadline is there's not a lot of trades you'll be you might get a that was our main in my league I mean in my early trade the other day. I think involve an Edmonton it was 22 guys and you know assure prospect night you would need and don't know anyone until this. There's really not a lot of trades are and the the first down the of the season. I think the Bruins I mean provided in assuming they going to be in the thick of things and an Aussie I know reasons that they did not mean. You take a look at if the Eastern Conference and it's insane how close to the area. I mean you know right now Columbus is eight seed with twenty points in. Just below them you have you know Carolina is. Carolina Detroit Florida Philadelphia Toronto Boston all within four points of the play of the last playoff spot. So you know the Bruins I I think they're going to be a late in. The other gonna take a long look at what they have and I'm sure they always kind of adds up and I mean they never really gold up that the blockbuster rude and Thomas Campbell it was. We probably allow as quote unquote big game that they brought in in you know I mean. It's it's kind of an audit of not an odd Naimi get odd reactions to people like roll their eyes Ameen. I think what you see on the cup team he that I mean I think people forget that he actually you know was pretty good and at the Stanley copy wasn't you know he wasn't a step final. He he's he did take a lot of adjust the teeny wasn't as great as everybody. And hope because you heard about the so long come and yet. But I mean I thought I had time a couple of concrete that has little late I thought he played pretty good in the Stanley Cup but. That's me the ability I think get so they'll definitely make some sort of trade whether it just. You know shorn of defense in depth look at some veteran help or or going out and trying to get a top six wing of that which would be ideal because you know what you just like you just said they're not get a lot of Smart right now and and we need to kind of look at the roster even if you drop us an active and that who would so he's gonna be out again tonight by the way. You know it's not an are rocks that jumps audience is these were up what a lot of scorers this shall. You know he mentioned Tyson Tyson Pat Riley Nash get moved up to the arm the first line unimpressed right now. You know I I thought flowed maybe it is that is Jimmy he's been going I think what club might have thrown him up did you sight if not because you know. When you play adequately no matter how like how data you go on how bad you locked and I am on the can be 82 pissed like route ready caught. Ice hockey to help ice like yep up school. I play with two guys one guy at a state a state ring true to each of the state rain what the boss the one's seen him I was terrible skater. And I would left and right that you're gonna get set Abby put two good guys. You got it question it would probably. A year and he was a staff bill and look where he is now he's getting scraps are another team this year I think Washington week. I mean he's he was just a guy who is not gonna get Iraq calmly think. But Jimmy I think they showed a may be thrown out there it's and it looked bad if you can't get a goal at these two guys than them. And they don't know some don't what absolutely but you know now I mean they put Riley Nash still we've we didn't you know decades showed a couple little flashes in and out of of offense but I don't think he's you write that top six like I Arlen at all but I would elect us and you know just maybe get Jimmy don't mean all. Sometimes it just takes one goal and I mean I'm I'm showed confidence is probably is a major issue right arm that's. Such a huge factor in and how these guys go right and sometimes that gets overlooked but. You know no bulls no points no no assist app though I think fifteen games of course it's gonna being had by. I am you know platinum with Tim Shaw or chuck or Alley on a check online at least that's not really gonna put their positions are. To succeed unless he got to you know be ought or the random awed fourth one angle shall. Yeah I I think and I certainly hope that they'd you know when the deadline rolls around some of these unrestricted free agents that you know one on. Teams that on the playoffs yeah I mean obviously we're total with a got to be now but. I abroad are always seem to be an almost guys whether they get who fans want that's a different story but yet the bronze and a really shy at the deadline I would expect them to be Xia. These so last year didn't help when after. John-Michael aisles at least not yet in and hit a gap somewhat on the Nixon of course the disaster in the final game Nazis at the last a drug that not disable 42 foreign on the trade route though. And finally listening to Saturday skate and later rear admiral of hopefully Ryan Whitney joined us on the phone from Toronto with some point here India our oral Tai Anderson and Julius and Lyndon byers LB WA AF gonna sit in for the 4 o'clock hour we brought you by AT&T mobile mobilizing your world. And by star markets he would make to shine. The offense is down the decency you would have expected this to be the other way. Artist won their only defense is sixth right. Why is the offense struggling right now. Half I think it's probably I'll a lack of finish in talent on the on the the top twelve right now on India obviously my shyness is that he does he does Bergeron in the 32 Leo last year. Write its Bora we haven't got a ton out of him yet he obviously played a one cent a last year. But playing on crate she's way he should be you know he should get somewhat but Sony's or he should be able to take advantage of the job too easy gets. Well this roster should be better than last year's Ford. She admitted they were fifteen goals last year. Down traffic and live there there's been a change air list on aliases but late exact that's kind of really interchangeable via. You know what you did take a look olasky hasn't been doing the he's a guide out that that you know you you should count off a twenty goals but. Again I go back to see in the best position to slow play on the third line you know what while Dartmoor it was a senate the other night because of the injury but. I am you know is Riley Nash Demi has been the best set up the map allows you to play it I don't know I don't already as I think. I think bullets you'd better serve on the op plan a great Jim Bacchus I happily played wood but what we are blessed deeply with great she last year. Had some success of them and Boehner back the new third center. Yes I would I would maybe do that right now I mean. I've I just don't people ask each I mean he's very a second third line guy and he's probably not a top line guy. I think eating him up on the on the wing with great Jim backers would be perfect. But you know close clos to mean maybe he'll get to at some point in stickler that by. You know he I got one thing I'm a quote guy I like asparagus coach him but one thing it's always kind of but me is is reluctance to sort of like put guys what do the guys you just kind of goes at the same thing opened some happens and then. You know when they're really the backs are really against the wall that's you know finally make a change but. You know Mike map the last email he just he's kinda had a rotating cast we aren't. You know he's a guy who should have five or six gold by now we get a breakaway in the third period gathers yeah very. Yeah I well I loved I. You know what a goalie comes bombing us 67 gully comes bottomed out yet you know like data Internet and he showed it yet he he had he had his head up he might have shot coming out. Might have been able to make double but. You know that that's the type of situation and you know and not not too many guys or expect and I'm going to come bombing away like that. Pretty scary situation Gary Devin do Mikell like he says that he's about 66 he's a big dude so. Yeah he's got he's got to get going global scheme and it's it's our it's been too long have I think he's got what I want one or two goals by now and he should have more about it but again as he in the best one is he in the best position to succeed right now animal I don't think. Ideas which could be partly injuries and I guess the first question to drop era Saturday skate just plain it's simple wise the offense worse. And why is indeed believe that the 617779797. One obvious place to turn would be. The power play which was pretty good last year yes and for some reason. They're not get it done this year part of that was the terrible start to the year they were what one for thirty niners have been out of the gates. Lately there just like in many chances they had like to a game at best I think the Arizona gated in and have a chance last Saturday itself. I don't know there there are a lot of people have been culled from marsh and get some some cracks in the top power play unit these what are your better scores wise air. So people would like to posture right there when he's healthy course that they'll get that chance that night. What they were successful last year's heart for me to say. Crush him on the power play that can't be everything. Right. AI AI sometimes it's it's not that put a finger on exactly what ails them I don't dislike or just mention confidence or Jimmy Hayes but a lot of times I think. That's such a shoot fact what guys as you know they just they get down selves and in if one guy on a probably when it is not feel on it than in any kind of affect the whole unit in open got a guy whose work on the half wall saint. If he's you know that confidence level lower he's just not feel on how lovers play is not good. You know it's gonna affect the whole unit. I was still is a fight it's a yet this guy's gone bad disguised not doing good. Marchand finally got a lot of power plates camera Hashemi before last year it's easy I he had a ridiculously low number Apollo play in the goals in the first grade because coaches did you isn't and it's just it makes Nazis when he about schools' scores. And it I also has some no punishment full full whatever for Brad be and Brad. Company is it will a lot of the peak in Italy you know bridle Paul let's yeah got a lot of guys that he's you know he's he's in his prime he's done yet paid a lot of me in a lot of guys kill penalties in in on the power play this week. I'm made you know curiously he should be Claudette Jimmy is out there about not picking on Jimmy again but. Just include maybe got maybe that's how close was trying to get Jimmy don't get on a public intimate. An easy one they are relentless gauges put zest in front yeah you won exactly out of fur for the you know that's probably way that's a good point probably puts on because he's 65 he takes up a lot wrong similar to what he does which are all day. Just go block the goalie don't even worry about handle on the park. So yeah does not like just like one the easy answer. As far as the deed that deep down. I keep getting like I mean you're not gonna hear his name of the call looked Calder trophy running at all because of who's in it this year and he's a defenseman who's not rated and quote unquote part Russian defenseman but. I'm impressed every game Brendan Kyle he's just like a means for in a nineteen year old kid 820 I think next week. It's for him to just step in like that the plane with jar on our talk here on NHL team in and really not miss a beat it's it's been incredibly impressive. The watch area press fact he had asked the Nike the hope that that's lamps and when he backed the trade front you get those who swing in. Beyond expectations. And you get to grass green now playing. As good as he's ever bit right and it -- numbers and yes this is part of the best stretch of his career exit atlas clone has changed I don't think that's the case they've been a good offensive team under Julie on the quartet did it with just the style you know he's too conservatively packs in whatever but you look back at colds career he's been a consistently good. Goal scoring team. Except for a couple of years ago two years ago they were bad. But otherwise you know the year they lost much real thirdly Eagles your before that eleventh second before that eight the year they want cups and the score goals. In terms of blaming the system verses. On it other problems that I don't think that's it only gets Julie it's fault. Now they are right now. I think they'll again looking at those that talent here you know you got that. Nash who I think he had even angles at Carolina one year but he's got an offense of the animal. Austin's not as a rookie who. He may turn out to be a top 61 eagle score a couple of years but you know he sees a rookie right now and I'm not an undersized one at that. Sean corral yet another another kid we don't know if he's gonna be a grand aero Marca. Tim shell out he's you know he's not a goal scores see you know you look at the roster and there's not. That's you know half the half full it's who won I'd goal scorers not not everybody's going to be a goal scorer we know that but. You know you're you know he got what part Marchand very dry and Kris she Backus. You know one sport is not blown up bless he's not the not so I think it's a combination of you know guys under achievement in guys who. You know products should are expected to school or shall I it would be huge to add a top six I mean if they could. If they of figuring right wing to take a plug right in would be ideal in all but you know and in the NH idea I have to give up to get something. But the Bruins to a lot of prospects I mean a lot of good ones right now. I don't know who would you want a pot with or even who's available like it's just like exits really too early in the it even speculate is there's so many teams still alive he. I think another month the showed that the kind of you separate the wheat from the chafe a little bit and you get a much better idea or vie exactly who's going to be selling that the deadline. No Bergeron is six games a lot of point. Longest stretch for him since November 2013 month. Martian as scored in five games. So like you say look back the last year those guys had to wash it certainly did 37 goals yet career year. So now he's off to a five goals start. Seventeen games maybe that's just the biggest reason but it's hard to blame those guys because the lines still pretty good posture next been producing. I mean I think they'll come out and I'm not worried about that group but our other teams finding a recipe to beat the Bruins and that's displayed simple take that line out you know. Now I don't think this variant of a recipe I mean how big is really choose many mystery or a win hockey mean in ya. Shut down at the top two lines it just it just the chess match between coaches and who they decide to put help yet for each guy. You know the they have Bergeron marsh on prospect I mean that's a mama stay I think bill 12 and three while Martin. I forget who's one who's too that the the top three guys in possession in the possession metrics I mean Colin I think course before course he won the possession mattered. You go fifty cents a gallon a day yeah outlaws the rear admiral that's not not Ahmad Ali semite anti I don't I just Denon and end all be all there a good indicated they can help ball you know. You know and when those three guys are all open all its 61%. I think I'm in the top three in the league that does they'd they have a puck pretty much all the time. They are getting opportunities I mean Bergeron getting 45 shots a game it's just his shooting percentages ridiculously low actually ball. Might buy bride actually wrote about in today's EI comet is has gone up yet rob just said he's put an optional. And I met I talked about a shooting percentages I think three point 8% this year which is well below is that. It's not a good exercise could and it it's you know well below his career average of I wanna say ten point one of some potential. You know it's it's probably a bit dad puck block and it that's again a hockey cliche but. You know what he's get up Tony he's getting shots that just it is not on his way right now. But you know that these guys these tools Bergeron a marsh on the dynamic duel they're proven commodity. If there's any two guys you don't have to worry about those two. That this is right you know a little slump I mean it is uncharacteristic Bergeron I think he's would it east play it's in fourteen games in. He had a goal went five games and old anything head to a systemic Goldman the last six games as batting eventual that is very unusual for him by. I get he's he's playing. Bergeron hockey out there he's going as being a ball that is the ice you worry about him to get a chance yeah so I I you know that'll they'll come around I mean. You know about the got to get another win and it sure they they have had a little liver rotate and cast on now like to with you know birds on not stopped the season on time and with the injury and then we'll have passed up for a couple games here but. Yeah but those guys you know they'll come around to it means that I should say they'll come back around is they've already been around certain much on decides that. Are you tell us why is the Bruins offense in a bit of fog 23 in the league in offense right now do you believe that the dias fixed at least to the point of six in goals allowed per game. Rask playing. As good as we've seen him. We have a tie Anderson join us he was over its gates date tells what's wrong with David possible QB signaled this also Lyndon byers. LB do to help me out we got we got to crank up a little lamb. Though it was a black Betty out of the battles. The ram jam that we gotta get that going LB comes is that is that is that all the value out that Alan Al becomes and he got a low low Blackberry for activities in that was it examined nearly man that. That was the big there was a big civil back in the day. While he told me listen last week he was once so either he's coming into slap us around a little bit that wanted to be part of the frame when you do it we take. Yeah tomorrow Marcella stepped in and nobody I would take your calls go to next six or 7777837. Its next 37937. It's Saturday seat rock you by AT&T it's our market tailored and rear admiral here on Sports Radio done media. You were listening to Saturday skate with Ryan Whitney. Rear admiral and Ken layered on Sports Radio WEEI. I think we have to produce a little bit more. Or it's sort of the win. I came here and I know some close scores through four also arrested there are chances. And that's an open office was furious. Brad marsh Jenny or Saturday skate but you may eighteenth tee and star market Taylor rear admiral Tai Anderson from a website to be I don't count joining. Our show one of the few guys that think after that Minnesota game. That was spewing that we got to score more you know. Most of that chatter that her they game Wallace at bad bounce offside play rear that you referenced in noble. Will be better down the road kind of a fluke he lost but other martians. Summed up what I was feeling just as a spectator Hague can bury some of those chances. I think beard down as my favorite hockey play cliche able to sound like we got the bid down like that is. The eye pucks in deep beats that man died yeah I don't Beers he had done it's just it's just Ali any team any play can sit and any losing night and the you know I'm not knocking those guys it's. You know of those guys that did this train to say is puck liked to talk without saying as little as little as they have to. The I I loved beard down we need to be a down and a it's just Yahoo! just likes the because it down it's not the same and we we gave our Ellen didn't come up and we gonna try again next week you're holding them all waters and are not exist this is they got to throw throw all the hockey cliche is a great it is is he could play big goal at the Manila's and so I'm update our march on him by any stretch as any player like your sanity losing team any night. He you're guaranteed if you like the same five or six races throughout the locker room. Cliche city practice this morning attire they they are right for. Luckily for tonight's game not that they understand need to establish home ice advantage. They simply don't have one right now on hand for two years I played that much that's exactly so they understand that to come out pot's not mean being out that's a big thing for them in the need to find scoring. From somebody else lineup that hasn't been consistent enough. So it knows why in any answers one what's Raleigh office north senior. Yeah show it and think yep yep some guys pulling out position I think Ryan Spooner on the wing is not nearly as effective as Bryant's clearance center. I I think you you have some guys that. Have necessarily stepped up in the way you thought they would. You know I look at a guy like Jimmy Hayes at Annapolis in that regard. A blessing game's coming around for sure and I think Hayes has been better these last two games but still you expect more goals those guys I think on a nightly basis. And and for me I think a big thing comes back down tipper front martian. Teams are sort of adjusting to what these guys have done and what they've had success with over the past 2235. Years for that matter. On special partly o's and teens really eliminating that bumper rolled up Bergeron has taken on that's limiting his chances on nightly basis. And I think teams now they realize that Brad marsh and as an elite player in this league and they have to defend improperly and see you're seeing teams really serve load up on these two guys. And I think what you get beyond that you don't necessarily have the talent. You know you have a Louis arch from a third lines such like make fun of them you know for Louis Erickson forty dead. There was a legitimate secondary scoring presence but Louis Ericsson and and they don't have that right now Backus is great but if you're relying on back score thirty goals are pregnant you're probably disappointed more often than not he's got three at this point. I mean. He's been a disappointment. But now I I had mpeg than tangible pats them for about 25 you know like I in the Dallas unreasonable. Again and I would not necessary had that before I watched the play us but what's in the playoffs he he still looked to me like a guy like let a lot left in the tank yet the elbow thing he's on pace for what fifteen now so that would be below the everybody's expectations keeps up this way yeah but he missed a chunk of Eagles all against Columbus writes. All which has not had actually the most impressive win lately look at the jackets it looked pretty good and yet they've exceed they spout off stuff everyone thought ought to ought to roller ball of blob but then I mean they've won three in a row there and the eight seed right now and you know I think it's safe to say they'll affiliates in the bronze and we balance football player oppositional for the rest of the season if they wanna game Calvert which puck in the face last guests on yeah 36 stitches and gimmicks and angle that's hockey player right I was lost. Now tie housed armed palace that the crowd been the last couple games I have been in the bill dispassionately to wheat and security than a much by. I know that caves game it was it was good it was is probably the best it's been all yep but it is across the Montana black. The buffalo crowd history I think that was I think the Columbus crowd. Obviously the Bruins scored four goals early helps but but I I think you're seeing some more energy in that building and one of the big problems that you really don't have. The rhythm that you need a you know for home team to get to get the crowd and aside it's been one and then three away right three away right it's been tough so I think it's been tough sledding for the for the Bruins fans in the crowd. Because they don't feel it energy don't feel that closeness of the team hopefully this trip this homestand rather gives them that. That's her feeling to get some good games Patrick lining come to town yeah. And then next week if saint Louis blues always great team that he feels that he Hilton's climax of the blues will be out in full force. It or interception. I shouldn't I mean the supplier of the year so if you can't get up for a Black Friday game at the holiday weekend. Come on yeah I'm gonna X an old village and town on the LA. Used to be a matinee every every day. I every every it was a matinee game and then they stay switched it back we'll switch to it not back switched its I did the Rangers are yet about Nate NBC took it from them can be out basically and then of the Bruins a plan the night gamers gallery because actually I'm gonna he had that game myself because sound. School that's our rail homecoming because he's he's from tactically Arizona than the mid west but I am that you can Jack who's still has a lot of CME and enable it he's going to be plan. Well presumably in the lap the Calgary that night he's obviously a local ties dad come from mom while Retief meet Boston and with the method. At a hell of an NHL career and now is kids you know 25 years after Keith broken delete his son's broken instantly so. Should be fun it'll watch out general pulse slowed the son of a local legend anyways to vote go see him on the affords. We'll speak edit it seems imminent. You that you would take tonight a look this is one of those western teams I'm looking forward to seeing which is he wants prior in the year and the brewers handle them but. As opposed to last week which that a bit of a tough watch when two of the worst teams in the league last week Arizona Colorado. Just think in a yet to be a bit of purest the watched the wild played another third good scenery decent squad rather boring yeah or sell more important Buzek a most office chairs the nets know there should still after that game. I dominated early MS and this is Alzheimer not gonna get back and I hope everyone realizes that this is we are not getting his minutes back ally unfortunately but here's an exciting team with two release dorsal league yeah he'll want AZ eighteen shy -- been put on the map at six leave no leave lead in the NHL scoring 22 points are now. Very impressive self. You wanna seed Justine and they got a guy back torture rates and whether this team rule or make up blockbuster or is in the market for traits deal. Jake a true book we talked been about last week on Saturdays game. Who finally came inside he wanted to ask to be traded. Eventually signed a two year deal. You get to watch this play tonight and decide is this is this a guy that you really would we'll see the Bruins did make a deal for the were able to get an end. Could he spark into a in on not only better play a is it really generating nearly the offensive numbers is that kind of a silent killer for the team right now. Yeah right now I mean you don't have production to me back and in terms of points and goals and sometimes you talk to people most say Al goals by defensemen that's fool's gold you care they bank on that. But the truth is that the Bruins were they don't have anything from their back and right now to recruit gets a goal off Scott Arnold's butt and that's that's basically what you've had for scorn from that back and so far so. That's simply concern you as funny about true is. The other Naimi heard that next that your about. Was Matthew gamba from from Minnesota and we've seen done that twice now this year and both times I left on my guys not very impressive does that give away it was sun at all as brutal and yeah so I I look at troop that I am a similar light we're I think a lot of people don't necessarily see. Juba enough to be like us sell the whole farm farm killed Karla gave up crew get it anyone they offer for Jacob sure about that such a good test I think to see how he handles. A quicker Abbas and you know wing wing court than you're used to seeing in the past so. But at the chirp I mean this guy who. Now he's an ease and it. Top pairing top three kind of role as see how he handles these men especially are on the road against a team like Boston. A team that. Has been dumping the puck for not scoring so let's see if if he. Changes the way that is has been going for the Bruins and and for the jets for that matter what would you give up for troop whoa whoa the gas of people there were like. Yeah 33 or four player trade you ask the ask was Carlo Spooner and a first round pick and maybe maybe even a little bit more prospect lies that stuff. But the caller. Yeah having seen I mean it may be people to sit yeah out of that sight unseen with cal as we did know will be added at bud. Yeah I'd have a hard time throwing him in any trade right now just done like he says this is 190 going to be twenty sooner what we've seen out of him just this first year. I mean that's the skies for Ritalin with the kid I wouldn't I'd I'd put him on my littlest of untouchables right now. Now Rask is point so well. It looks like. A team that if they get into the playoffs could steal a couple of series but you know going back the offseason. The biggest chip that the proposed seven people were talking about to trade was probably took. Yeah some people wanted to mount after it printed a down year for him and and defense problem. Is there any thought I know he's got a no trade clause now. Probably another adds another year and Sudan as this summer yes the modified on he would bring somebody called last week a series instead. Trade immigration we talked about that their rear. But if you're gonna sell you're gonna sell when guys played well. What about trading Rask in a blockbuster if he would get back on eighteen you know the goaltender in return. A top four defenseman. Is it can even considerate enough like it would collapse right now they it is Tuukka Rask in the net but. If you try to piece in. Mom what it seems to need goaltending help Saint Louis Dallas and that it used to but they've made some. She he had doubts that seed now that they had treatment dallas' you know Dallas is gonna expect you to take one of the awful goaltenders in return and then terrible salary that they signed him to a immunity if if the Bruins ever treated Rask I don't care who they brought back. It might unless it was PDs type stick and included what do you cleared juggling birth rate. I mean offensive minded defenseman and house and it to bring an anti Niemi and Gary let him back I I wouldn't be good. Sign off on Apple's I mean those guys just a big I mean it didn't Emmy did win a cup 2010 Blackhawks he was Palestinian. Sensed any what he went sign of San Jose as a free agent did social media. Oh to Dallas has been batted down lists compared to is its on time in Chicago. Gary Latin and that's hasn't gotten it done down here I mean I just. I don't even think of trade raster as anywhere even like close to the Bruins rated guy and I mean that it's something that anyone there is even considered as a why why would. A mile someone blew real way at some awful. Did you know that you'd give you wanna trade Rask that you're gonna you gonna still lead the number one goal and you needed proven number one goal I don't think it's anywhere near the Bruins six. Bennett showed anything it might it might be more realistic possibility yeah I think one of the big things through that with a two day trading after it considers that it's not a great market for goalies right now. You know next summer Ben Bishop is a free agent and he's probably gonna go to whatever whatever one of these cities were talking about that would trade you. That would treaty pieces for two grass so. The so bad this a bad market if you're if you're if your team kind tradable tender. Mimic it like it Andrew Hammond yup on waivers today by the Ottawa Senators and this is a goalie that sort of stole the show not Hamburg look at no I know bad news right now but that'd I think is a bad market for goalies that's the big thing that observant. Pushing all summer and keyboard talking about trading to their ask it was like OK you'll. First volleys he's come he was coming off a bad season as for his worst season essential career. Suddenly it was a great market for goalies you have Brian Elliott on the movie had Ben Bishop almost on the movie he'd talked to cap Calgary. They could make a trade he couldn't Hebron extensions that didn't happen. An and you look elsewhere and I mean this is a lot of guys that are sort of the lot of teams there are waiting for that for trademark after a flurry is great example of that Pittsburgh where. Members clearly the guy and he will be the guy. They just a matter of finding a suitor for Marc-Andre flirt if you will slow it not a great market triple. I would if you're gonna make a trade which you consider. Great sheet or some member of the court more on this coming up Saturdays he continues are brought by eighteenth tee it's our market Kelly rear admiral Tai Anderson from the UI dot com. LB get a join us and buyers and WA AF he's considered for the 4 o'clock hour Saturday skate. Three to five every Saturday here a sports rated a B yeah. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Ryan Hannable11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play [..] - Ryan Hannable11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play without Rob Gronkowski than ever before With Rob Gronkowski missing Wednesday's practice with a chest injury and reportedly [..] + Rob Bradford11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello [..] - Rob Bradford11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello gets his award, Kate Upton doesn't get her [..] "Everything that drowns me makes me wanna fly." This is the saying that greets [..] + Christopher Price11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to [..] - Christopher Price11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to late-season losses have traditionally tested [..] FOXBORO — Every season is different. Every team is different. But if the last few [..] + Rob Bradford11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts [..] - Rob Bradford11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts or Mike Trout? It's become a very real [..] I asked two scouts the same question: "Who would you rather have for the next five [..] + Ryan Hannable11/15/16 10:43 pm EST Upcoming schedule will help [..] - Ryan Hannable11/15/16 10:43 pm EST Upcoming schedule will help Patriots defense in short-term, but could [..] What's wrong with the Patriots defense? Where are the sacks? Where are the turnovers? Is [..] + DJ Bean11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask [..] - DJ Bean11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask reaction The "Tuukka Rask is actually good, after all" columns have been written over [..] + It Is What It Is11/20/16 09:15 am EST Report: Patriots making TE [..] - It Is What It Is11/20/16 09:15 am EST Report: Patriots making TE Martellus Bennett an ‘offseason priority’ Martellus Bennett has only been a member of the Patriots roughly eight months, [..] + It Is What It Is11/20/16 09:05 am EST Tom Brady reportedly reinstated as [..] - It Is What It Is11/20/16 09:05 am EST Tom Brady reportedly reinstated as Patriots team captain It appears one of the streaks most important to Tom Brady will continue. Due to [..] + Big Bad Blog11/20/16 02:14 am EST Defense remains a dominant force [..] - Big Bad Blog11/20/16 02:14 am EST Defense remains a dominant force for Bruins in win over Jets A four-goal outburst from a Bruins team still without top-liner David Pastrnak [..] + Big Bad Blog11/19/16 10:56 pm EST Reports: Former Bruin Craig [..] - Big Bad Blog11/19/16 10:56 pm EST Reports: Former Bruin Craig Cunningham collapses on ice before AHL game A scary moment took place in Tucson, Arizona, Saturday night, as former Bruin [..] + Green Street11/19/16 10:17 pm EST Al Horford, Jae Crowder hit spot [..] - Green Street11/19/16 10:17 pm EST Al Horford, Jae Crowder hit spot for Celtics in win over Pistons One night after the Warriors humiliated them at the Garden, the Celtics looked [..] + Big Bad Blog11/19/16 09:36 pm EST 5 Things We Learned as Bruins [..] - Big Bad Blog11/19/16 09:36 pm EST 5 Things We Learned as Bruins dominate Jets in another Garden win After a three-game road trip in which the Bruins scored just four goals on a [..] + Red Sox11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello [..] - Red Sox11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello gets his award, Kate Upton doesn't get her way "Everything that drowns me makes me wanna fly." This is the saying that greets all [..] + Red Sox 11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts [..] - Red Sox 11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts or Mike Trout? It's become a very real conversation I asked two scouts the same question: "Who would you rather have for the next five [..] + Patriots11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play [..] - Patriots11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play without Rob Gronkowski than ever before With Rob Gronkowski missing Wednesday's practice with a chest injury and reportedly being [..] + Patriots 11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to [..] - Patriots 11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to late-season losses have traditionally tested championship character FOXBORO — Every season is different. Every team is different. But if the last few years [..] + Bruins11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask [..] - Bruins11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask reaction The "Tuukka Rask is actually good, after all" columns have been written over and [..] + Celtics11/10/16 10:54 pm EST Soft Celtics need a hard message [..] - Celtics11/10/16 10:54 pm EST Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach WALTHAM - Brad Stevens needs to grab hold of his team - and now. The team is just seven games [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests Compete in the WEEI Pro Football Pick'em Challenge for a chance to win $100 weekly prizes and the $2,000 grand prize. Click here to register and make your picks! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Partners & Sponsors | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File   Copyright © 2016 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
Categories About Litwin Books & Library Juice Press About the blog American Library Association Archives Books Calls for Papers Cataloging Children's Librarianship Civil Liberties Disinformation Editorials Essays Fun Government Information Higher Ed History Information Ethics Information Literacy Information Policy Intellectual Freedom International ISC Journalism Labor Issues Legislation Librarians' Resources Library Closings Library Education Library Juice Academy Library of Congress Non Library Open Access People In Focus PLG Preservation Print Culture Privacy Public Sphere Publishing Quotations Scholarly Communication Secrecy Sustainability Technology The Profession Theory Web culture Writings by Melissa Morrone Writings by Rory Litwin Archives: November 2016 (6) October 2016 (5) September 2016 (4) August 2016 (6) July 2016 (6) June 2016 (5) May 2016 (4) April 2016 (7) March 2016 (6) February 2016 (4) January 2016 (3) December 2015 (9) November 2015 (9) October 2015 (5) September 2015 (1) August 2015 (5) July 2015 (9) June 2015 (5) May 2015 (8) April 2015 (7) March 2015 (11) February 2015 (10) January 2015 (6) December 2014 (11) November 2014 (15) October 2014 (9) September 2014 (8) August 2014 (7) July 2014 (7) June 2014 (10) May 2014 (7) April 2014 (10) March 2014 (5) February 2014 (9) January 2014 (5) December 2013 (6) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (7) September 2013 (6) August 2013 (9) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (10) May 2013 (17) April 2013 (6) March 2013 (12) February 2013 (11) January 2013 (10) December 2012 (13) November 2012 (12) October 2012 (15) September 2012 (5) August 2012 (10) July 2012 (8) June 2012 (9) May 2012 (7) April 2012 (4) March 2012 (7) February 2012 (7) January 2012 (9) December 2011 (6) November 2011 (9) October 2011 (12) September 2011 (15) August 2011 (6) July 2011 (7) June 2011 (6) May 2011 (12) April 2011 (7) March 2011 (8) February 2011 (6) January 2011 (9) December 2010 (8) November 2010 (8) October 2010 (16) September 2010 (16) August 2010 (13) July 2010 (12) June 2010 (13) May 2010 (10) April 2010 (8) March 2010 (9) February 2010 (9) January 2010 (10) December 2009 (13) November 2009 (10) October 2009 (13) September 2009 (15) August 2009 (7) July 2009 (3) June 2009 (19) May 2009 (15) April 2009 (18) March 2009 (15) February 2009 (16) January 2009 (13) December 2008 (11) November 2008 (17) October 2008 (15) September 2008 (8) August 2008 (16) July 2008 (23) June 2008 (14) May 2008 (9) April 2008 (18) March 2008 (17) February 2008 (12) January 2008 (13) December 2007 (10) November 2007 (11) October 2007 (6) September 2007 (11) August 2007 (10) July 2007 (13) June 2007 (11) May 2007 (13) April 2007 (20) March 2007 (18) February 2007 (10) January 2007 (16) December 2006 (16) November 2006 (15) October 2006 (16) September 2006 (11) August 2006 (16) July 2006 (24) June 2006 (10) May 2006 (25) April 2006 (21) March 2006 (25) Calendar November 2016 S M T W T F S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Meta Log in RSS Comments RSS Valid XHTML XFN WP Pages About CFPs Associated... @libjuiceacademy @libjuicepress @litwinbooks Libr.org Library Juice Academy Library Juice Press Litwin Books LJP on Facebook Original Library Juice Quotations Blogroll #critinfo ACRLog Andrew Keen Bibliocracy books, etc. Concerned Librarians of BC Digital Koans EFF FEPP Free Gov’t Information Gypsy Librarian Hack Library School HHPTF IFEX Illusion of Volition Kevin Smith Lauren Weinstein Lead Pipe Légothèque librarian.net LibrarianShipwreck Library Babel Fish Library History Buff Lorcan Dempsey michaelzimmer.org Morris Berman Scholarly Kitchen The Green Library The Question Concerning Technology Wayne Bivens-Tatum Our Books November 19, 2016 The ALA Press release that was taken down on 11/19 And this is the press release that was taken down, retrieved from a Google cache: For Immediate Release Thu, 11/17/2016 Contact: Shawnda Hines Press Officer ALA Washington Office Shawnda Hines 2026288410 shines@alawash.org WASHINGTON, DC — Today the American Library Association (ALA) released three briefs highlighting how libraries can advance specific policy priorities of the incoming Trump administration in the areas of entrepreneurship, services to veterans and broadband adoption and use. “ALA is dedicated to helping all our nation’s elected leaders identify solutions to the challenges our country faces,” ALA President Julie Todaro said. “The briefs released today demonstrate the diverse range of programs and services provided by our nation’s 120,000 libraries, which together constitute a national infrastructure that can address some of the challenges identified by President-elect Trump. “Libraries are hubs of entrepreneurship and small business development,” she continued. “We help veterans and others access valuable benefits and services they are eligible for. And libraries spur broadband adoption by increasing awareness and confidence in using online resources and services.” Each paper features numerous snapshots of programs around the country illustrating libraries’ contributions to vibrant communities, as well as “takeaway” points for decision-makers: One Small Business at a Time: Building Entrepreneurial Opportunity in America’s Communities (PDF) Snapshot: A Maryland ice cream entrepreneur used library resources to write an award-winning business plan that led to $50,000 in seed money and the launch of her shop. Takeaway: Leverage libraries in new policy initiatives to grow entrepreneurship and small businesses. Libraries Help and Honor Our Veterans: Employment, Education and Community Connection (PDF) Snapshot: A California veteran said the referral he received at the library led to him receiving medical benefits and back pay he was unaware he earned. Takeaway: Libraries represent a proactive, cost-effective solution for extending outreach and services to veterans and their families. America’s Libraries: Powering Broadband Access, Adoption and Use (PDF) Snapshot: Families in public housing with school-aged children receive digital literacy training and access to online homework resources and other digital services at libraries. Takeaway: Libraries bring a wealth of resources and expertise to partnerships like ConnectHome with the U.S. Dept. of Housing and Urban Development Release of the snapshots coincides with a major policy event (Here Comes Everybody) on the same day held jointly by ALA and the Internet Association, which represents America’s leading internet companies and their global community of users. Focused on how to harness the internet and U.S. libraries to increase economic opportunity for all, the event features speakers from Yelp, Google and the two associations, followed by a policy hackathon. “Virtually every community across the country is served by libraries,” said Todaro. “Given adequate resources and support, we can expand the scope and reach of the resources we offer.” ## And here is the press release from a few days earlier, which is still (at this date) still on the ala website: http://libraryjuicepress.com/blog/?p=5418. As you can see, it’s not much different. Comments (0) Filed under: American Library Association by — Rory Litwin @ 5:03 pm No Comments » No comments yet. RSS feed for comments on this post. | TrackBack URI You can also bookmark this on del.icio.us or check the cosmos Leave a comment Name (required) Mail (required) Website XHTML ( You can use these tags): <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> . « ALA’s controversial press release for posterity    Copyright © 2016 Rory Litwin. Theme is Topher McCulloch's adaptation of a design by GFXedit.com
Skip to main content The Straits Times Opinion Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Sceptical about new media? Good for you Denise Chong denise@sph.com.sg Published Nov 20, 2016, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4Mmn Copy If your social media news feed was clogged with outraged posts after United States President-elect Donald Trump won the election, remind yourself that it is a filtered feed. Call it a "spoon-feed". We delete what we don't want to see, we "like" what we like. The power of personalisation is great, but as we scrub our online worlds clean of annoying posts and people, we pay a price for less diversity. This is especially since social media and browsers press their ears to the door of our data, and use it to tailor-make news that we are likely to like, like, like… Social media feeds - which may contain news items from media companies - are not offering us news the way legacy media does. But they have come to rival legacy media as a source of news. Even if some say otherwise. Having information tailored for us makes us feel in control, but it seems that we are, at the same time, giving up control over what we eat, and whom we might love and fight for. And does it nudge us towards being unable to tolerate a contrary view? Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg said that it's "odd" to say his company is a media company, after criticism that fake and inaccurate news on the social media site may have helped decide the shock outcome in the US elections. He wrote: "Remember that Facebook is mostly about helping people stay connected with friends and family. News and media are not the primary things people do on Facebook, so I find it odd when people insist we call ourselves a news or media company in order to acknowledge its importance." So let's call social media companies whatever will remind us of the filtering they do: The Echo Chronicle or The Ownself Post. Last week, Facebook and Google said they will no longer allow fake news sites to use the tech giants' ad-selling services. But, even if fake news fades into the background, are we still in echo chambers, with uncomfortable truths silenced to the detriment of healthy debate? Is just being aware that we are floating in filter bubbles enough for us to see the world more clearly? Will it help stop us from becoming pawns of populists during elections? German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who may run for re-election next year, said recently that the way search engines and social networks like Google and Facebook choose what people see online should be made public. She believes that the secrecy around the algorithms used by online platforms threatens open debate.   collage191116.jpg Related Story Can you tell the fake news stories from the real ones? Take our quiz Algorithms are the formulas used by a search engine to steer a request for information. They are different for every search engine and determine web page rankings. The Guardian said that Germany's established parties share the concern about seeing a repeat in their country of the narrow debate which affected the US presidential campaign. A cross-party working group is compiling recommendations urging more openness by Internet platforms, including giving details of how algorithms collect, choose, evaluate and present information to users. Its recommendations will be sent to Brussels, for the European Union digital commissioner to work them into guidelines by next year. Filter bubbles seem harmless when we think we can see through them and pop them by listening to the other side. But, if we use online tools for many bits of our lives, we might already be in too deep. A recent article by The Economist's 1843 magazine said: "The news we see, the friends we hear from, the jobs we hear about, the restaurants we consider, even our potential romantic partners - all of them are, increasingly, filtered through a few widespread apps, each of which comes with a menu of options. That gives the menu designer enormous power. As any restaurateur, croupier or marketer can tell you, options can be tilted to influence choices." Having information tailored for us makes us feel in control, but it seems that we are, at the same time, giving up control over what we eat, and whom we might love and fight for. And does it nudge us towards being unable to tolerate a contrary view? Over a meal of prawn noodles one day, I brought up the topic of the US election, only to find that the other person knew all about then-candidate Hillary Clinton's dark side, but had almost no idea about Mr Trump's problems - rants about Muslims, bankruptcies, and so on. When I listed a few of them, the person looked at me like my head had turned into a prawn. If Mr Trump were sitting nearby, he would have leaned towards a metaphorical microphone and said: "Liar." Social media news feeds can give each person such different streams of information. Call it an "I'm right, you're wrong" feed. American Internet activist Eli Pariser said of the US media scene: "In 1915, it's not like newspapers were sweating a lot about their civic responsibilities. Then, people noticed that they were doing something really important. That, in fact, you couldn't have a functioning democracy if citizens didn't get a good flow of information, that the newspapers were critical because they were acting as the filter, and then journalistic ethics developed… Now, we're kind of back in 1915 on the Web. And we need the new gatekeepers to encode that kind of responsibility into the code that they're writing." The fight against fake news is a positive step, and we would like to find out more about those algorithms, please. While we wait for the kind of responsibility that Mr Pariser speaks of to develop, we could do something for ourselves first. If you are already sceptical about whether legacy media here is telling you the truth, good for you. Take that healthy scepticism and apply it to new media too. Get good things from dear old Google and enjoy the news feed on friendly Facebook - just remember they're giving you what you want. Call it a "self feed". SEE INSIGHT: Friction over fiction on Facebook A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Sunday Times on November 20, 2016, with the headline 'Sceptical about new media? Good for you'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  SOCIAL MEDIA ELECTIONS MEDIA FACEBOOK More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4Mmn Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping Ultimate laptop for both work and play: Lenovo IDEAPAD 110 Series WatchZon: Branded Watches Sale! Qoo10 Auction: Bid for your Nestle Nan Milk Powder today! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Chromecast Ultra review: Delivers 4K and HDR content, but is that enough? Speed, consistency will have to be better to compete with smart 4K TVs. by Sam Machkovech (US) - Nov 19, 2016 7:12 pm UTC Login to bookmark 80 Sam Machkovech For three years, Google's Chromecast platform has stood out in the streaming-box category for one simple reason: your phone is your remote. Smartphones and tablets can do a lot of the heavy lifting in the TV-watching experience (browsing content, picking through apps, typing keywords). Chromecast takes advantage of that: no remote, no separate set-top box app ecosystem, lower cost. Last year's second-gen Chromecast offered decent upgrades over the original, but not much else. The device changed designs, shrank in size, and drove 1080p video to your TV screen a little faster and more efficiently. That device still exists for the same low price of £30/$35. Is there a reason we need a third-gen Chromecast? On paper, there might be. Streaming boxes with support for the rising 4K and HDR standards are still few and far between, and this month's £69/$69 Chromecast Ultra advertises support for both while still being cheaper than the cheapest 4K HDR Roku. The Ultra is also the first Chromecast model to come with wired Ethernet in the box. But Chromecast, like most streaming boxes rushing to the 4K market, has an uphill battle to climb. Chances are, your shiny new 4K set already has "smart" functions built in to support the scant few streaming services that currently support 4K and HDR video. Unlike smart TVs of old, new sets are more likely to support new app downloads, which potentially undermines one of Chromecast's better selling points—easy app upgradeability. If you still favor the Chromecast line's ties to smartphones, I have tested exactly what you can expect from this new $69 Ultra variant. But if you're only reading this article because you hate your current 4K set's internal apps, I don't have much good news to report. Setting up the puck The Chromecast Ultra tucked into its plastic safety net. The Chromecast Ultra tucked into its plastic safety net. This is how we do it. I never noticed any remarkable speed boost with the Ultra compared to the standard Chromecast. HDMI flap fully extended. Say hello to the new "G" branding. Size comparison with the Chromecast Audio (which is the same size as the 2015 Chromecast). This is where you plug the Ethernet cable. Tighter zoom of Ethernet port. Extended on its tummy. Extended on its back. Chromecast Ultra sticks with the "hockey puck" design that debuted with last year's refresh of the hardware, only now the puck is a little bit closer to NHL regulation size. The diameter has grown a quarter of an inch, from 2 inches to 2.25 inches, while the hardware has fattened up an eighth of an inch to a full half-inch of depth. Chances are, the size increase won't disrupt your entertainment center. The puck design remains easier to stick into a TV's crowded port party than the original stick model, as it again comes with an HDMI "ribbon" of about 3 inches. In an interesting move, Google expanded the Chromecast's functionality by adding one more port, but you won't find it in the puck. Instead, the device's new Ethernet port has been built into the AC adapter. This means the AC adapter's general design has changed and grown, which might require some power-cord shuffling if your power strip is already swamped. The primary hardware accepts power from a micro-USB cable, but if you choose a different USB power adapter, the Chromecast Ultra will warn you that you'll be limited to 1080p output. (Worth noting: Google sells Ethernet-equipped AC adapters for older Chromecasts at its official store for £15.) Setting the device up requires installing the Google Home app (which used to be called Google Cast, and before that, Chromecast) onto a smartphone or tablet. Open Google Home on an Android device, and the app should automatically tell you that you have a new Chromecast Ultra in need of setting up (I did not test this on an iOS device, but setting up past Chromecasts in iOS has been only slightly more complicated). The setup process at this point is simple: your phone will automatically switch to the Chromecast Ultra's short-range Wi-Fi signal and quickly exchange information to enable control. If you opt for a wired connection, that's it; if you prefer wireless, the app will ask you to automatically transfer your preferred Wi-Fi network and password from your phone. This Wi-Fi auto-transfer has only recently been added to the Google Home app, and it's a welcome setup shortcut. You can now start casting content from your handheld device (or a laptop with the Chrome browser) to your Chromecast Ultra's TV set. This works by loading a compatible audio- or video-streaming app and tapping the "cast" icon, then selecting content in that app. Expand full story Page: 1 2 Next → Reader comments 80 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Sam Machkovech / Sam has written about the combined worlds of arts and tech since his first syndicated column launched in 1996. He can regularly be found losing quarters at Add-A-Ball in Seattle, WA.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like Condé Nast UK Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Contact Us  |  © Condé Nast UK 2016
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) United Kingdom United States INFORM • INSPIRE • ENTERTAIN • EMPOWER NEWS WorldPost Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Election Results Eat the Press HuffPost Hill Candidate Confessional So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Sports Comedy Celebrity Books Entertainment TV Arts + Culture WELLNESS Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Weddings Divorce Sleep GPS for the Soul WHAT'S WORKING Impact Green Good News Global Health VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Religion Queer Voices Parents Teen College VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women WorldPost FEATURED GPS for the Soul Hawaii OWN Dr. Phil Quiet Revolution Talk to Me Don't Stress the Mess Endeavor Fearless Dreamers Generation Now Inspiration Generation Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit What's Working: Small Businesses What To Say When Young People Blame Everything On The Boomers Comebacks for the bashers (aka our kids) pegging us as the "worst generation ever." 11/19/2016 03:58 pm ET 120 Linda Bernstein Next Avenue If you believe what you Google, baby boomers are responsible for ruining the American economy (see “Baby Boomers Are What’s Wrong With America’s Economy” by Jim Tankersley in The Washington Post). And not only that, but also for ruining the entire world (“Our Parents Are Ruining the Entire World” by Linette Lopez in Business Insider). Well, what else would you expect from the worst generation ever (“Baby Boomers: Five Reasons They Are Our Worst Generation” by Gene Marks in Philadelphia magazine)? This new boomer blame game represents a change in attitudes toward people born after the end of World World II in 1946 up until 1964. In the 1990s, when sociologists began to realize that soon there would be three generations in the workplace — the boomers, Generation X (those born between 1965 and 1980, during an economic lull) and the children of boomers (aka the huge cohort we call Millennials) — much was made about the benefits of the oncoming intermingling. The Millennials liked their parents! The boomers would be willing to learn from young people! We were headed for the best of times! Then two things happened. First, came the economic collapse of 2008 when suddenly companies needed to downsize and boomers often found pink slips on their desks. Second, in April 2016, the size of the Millennial cohort overtook that of the boomers’ — partially because of the influx of immigrants in the younger age group, according to the Pew Research Center. Now suddenly, boomer bashing is in fashion. What’s a self-respecting boomer to do? Arm yourself with some clever comebacks — and the facts to back them up — for the Millennials who want to blame the woes of the world on you. I mean, really, the “worst generation ever?” Worse than, say, Julius Caesar’s generation? I don’t think so. When They Blame Boomers for Brexit You can say: “Nope. The ‘Remain’ campaign underperformed.” The facts: It’s true that 57 percent of people ages 55 to 64 voted to “leave” the European Union. It’s also true that the “Remain” campaign garnered a significantly lower voter turnout than had been expected, particularly among younger voters. So while Millennial Brits took to the streets accusing their parents of stealing their future, perhaps they should have been asking each other, “Hey, bloke, did you actually vote?” When They Blame the Boomers for Undermining Our Consumer Economy You can say: “We call that ‘downsizing.’” The facts: The foundation of our economy is tied to buying stuff that is manufactured in this country (or overseas). How much consumers spend is considered a sign of economic health. And boomers, who right now account for 18 percent of overall U.S. spending are pumping fewer and fewer bucks into the consumer economy. But, hey, give us a break, many of us are trying to economize and sock away as much as possible before retirement while helping our kids out financially. (There’s also this: When a person reaches the age of 50, realistically, how many new things does he or she need? I find that many of my clothing purchases these days are on items that need to be replaced, like worn out sneakers or panties that slip down my butt as the day wears on. Sure, a cute top or a snazzy new pocketbook may be tempting. My female friends and I already own, however, shelves of pocketbooks and drawers of tops that … have come back into style!) When They Say Boomers Will Bankrupt Social Security You can say: “Vote.” The facts: Many factors we can’t predict will determine whether the Social Security Trust Funds will be solvent in 2046 and beyond, when today’s Millennials begin retiring. Right now, if nothing is done to reform the way the Trust Funds work, the Social Security Administration expects that benefits will be able to be paid in full until 2037, and after that at 76 percent of the scheduled rates. Naturally, Millennials who are paying for our benefits from their paychecks resent this. The politicians have a variety of fixes that could fatten the trust fund. So Millennials should make sure they understand the implications of the policies proposed and choose the candidates they think can fix the system, because experts agree Social Security can be fixed. And perhaps young people should also start thinking seriously about retirement saving as soon as they become employed. When They Say Boomers Ruined the Environment You can say: Boomers are taking the lead to fix it. The facts: Events that have negatively affected the environment were happening long before the boomers were born. The flames primitive humans used to heat their caves and cook their meat added carbon to the air. The Industrial Revolution, which began in the 1700s, resulted in mass deforestation. The “pea soup” fog of London in the mid-1850s, when a person couldn’t see around him or her in the middle of the day, has been immortalized in the works of Charles Dickens. In 1952, a terrible poisonous smog descended upon London and actually killed people. Fast forward to December 2015, when ministers from 191 nations came to Paris and ratified an agreement to fight climate change. Among those who worked hard for the treaty that would limit greenhouse gas emissions were Laurent Fabius, a politician from France born in 1946, and János Pásztor, a Hungarian ambassador born in 1955. When They Say Boomers Are Selfish You can say: Then why are you still living at home? Th facts: In 2014, 32 percent of Millennials were living with their parents, according to a Pew study. Almost every boomer I know has had an adult child coming home to the nest until the kid could afford to live on his or her own. And almost all the boomer parents I know made significant financial contributions to their kids’ college education. Yes, it’s true that 70 percent of the class of 2014 had a burden of student debt upon graduation (an average of $29,000). However, boomer parents provided as much financial support as we were able — because we know these young adults have it harder in some areas than we did. This won’t solve the blaming, of course, but it may make you feel better. And it’s important to remember that blaming the older generation for society’s ills is really nothing new. Remember when we used to say “Don’t trust anyone over 30?” Also from Next Avenue: 10 Life Lessons We Learn Too Late What Older Voters Expect From Donald Trump How Your Taxes May Change Under President Trump Also on HuffPost 6 Most Popular Vacation Spots With Baby Boomers 6 Most Popular Vacation Spots With Baby Boomers 1 of 6 Mexico Convenient, affordable and packed with all-inclusive vacation packages, Mexico was named the most popular country to go on a vacation for boomers, according to WatchBoom's survey, with 1,163 boomers voting for it. Share this slide: WikiMedia: More: Voices Post50 Boomers Worst Generation Comebacks For Boomer Bashers Blame It On Boomers Suggest a correction Comments Close SUBSCRIBE AND FOLLOW Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day. Newsletters may offer personalized content or advertisements. Learn more 77.7 K 29.4 K 456 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat What To Say When Young People Blame Everything On The Boomers NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter CURATED FOR YOU Generated from related, personalized and trending articles. View your news homepage. CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2016 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost MultiCultural
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us The Play Store is now showing a new toggle within the Top Charts +6,119 Andrew Myrick Nov 19th, 2016 Google has been slowly tweaking and rolling out updates to the Play Store. Some users have been seeing a new “Cards” UI when performing searches, but this latest change can make finding new apps easier. Image courtesy of Android Police Currently, when you navigate to the Top Charts within the Play Store, you are just presented with the list of applications. According to a few readers of Android Police, there is now a toggle within the Top Charts section of the Play Store which allows you to hide applications that have already been installed. This update is not available for everyone just yet, but it seems these changes are not limited to a specific region. We should be seeing the update rolling out to more users over the next month or so, but let us know if you’ve already received the update. local_offer    Google   Google Play Store   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (2) stars Further Reading Google Shops are launching in Canada and the UK Google sending Pixel delay compensation Play Store support comes to 4 Chromebooks New Google Live Cases available Google accounts suspended for reselling Pixel phones stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 2 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 3 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 5 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 6 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 7 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. 8 more_vert700 million Chinese phones may be intentional close700 million Chinese phones may be intentionally spying on you We’re not sure what’s up with all the questionable data gathering practices in China, but another episode of privacy-busting spyware is plaguing phones from the country. 9 more_vertRumored OnePlus 4 specs surface closeRumor: OnePlus 4 coming with 8GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, Quad HD display, and more If the OnePlus 3T is considered an incremental upgrade, then the OnePlus 4 — if these latest rumors are to be believed — can be pegged as a bombshell. 10 more_vertTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now a closeTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now available for free on the Samsung Gear S2 The unique and intuitive TouchOne keyboard suffered some unfortunate delays for its Gear S2 launch, but if you’ve been waiting patiently for it you’ll be happy to learn that it’s available in the Samsung Galaxy Apps store starting today Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Albany man charged with DWI accident Rensselaer Co., hilltowns wake to significant snowfall ‘Soul-sick’ over intolerance, Cuomo says state will Pope shuts Holy Door, but urges: Stay open to reconciliation News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Soul singer Sharon Jones, 60, dies Trump mends fences with bitter foe Romney No sign that electors will budge on vote Trump takes a sharp right Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories UAlbany falls to Grand Canyon Oregon knocks off No. 11 Utah Troy football tops New Rochelle for spot in state final Ohio State holds on for win Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Season shifts to wind, wet, snow GE using augmented reality to talk to machines ESD gains more oversight of SUNY Poly entities GlobalFoundries travels to Oregon to fill Fab 8 jobs Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Presley recounts her life in a 'bubble' Tanglewood announces 2017 season 22 things to do this weekend Picks of the week Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Upstate New York community named one of the coziest mountain Today's Birthdays Naughty or Nice Cookie Challenge: It's time to vote Second Helpings: Mini restaurant reviews Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives The journey to self-love, from a girl who didn’t love ‘Soul-sick’ over intolerance, Cuomo says state will Time to get serious | City of Albany Budget Part 4 Our first job: protecting the most vulnerable among us. TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Male drivers ticketed more than female motorists in region, New Rooting out homegrown terror Siena basketball's Lavon Long makes debut Sunday N.Y. state Court of Appeals still a liberal bastion Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Townhouse in North Greenbush Tobey Maguire shops his three-part project Realtors offer options to ease homebuyer concerns High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings The 30 best Black Friday deals for 2016 Target: Take 30% off toys this Saturday only Lowe’s 2016 Black Friday ad leak Target: Top 10 Black Friday bargains for 2016 MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/tuplus-opinion/article/Squelching-fake-news-worth-effort-10625384.php Squelching fake news worth effort Published 3:37 pm, Saturday, November 19, 2016 The following editorial appeared in the San Diego Union-Tribune: The most notable early consequences of Donald Trump's win are in social media. First Google and Facebook announced that they would not allow fake news sites to use their advertising services, which provide lucrative revenue for widely shared web traffic. This is a welcome change — but not because of the silly clamor that Hillary Clinton lost as a result of the proliferation of fake news stories. Clinton lost for many reasons, including that she was a symbol of the status quo when so many people wanted change. The fight against fake news is welcome because the world's largest internet companies ought to protect users from misinformation. But one person's fake news will be another person's strong opinion. The algorithms that Facebook has used to try to filter out fake news haven't worked well. And when Facebook used humans and algorithms to monitor posts and news feeds, it faced accusations of anti-conservative bias. Deciding what is fake news and what is satire is a challenge. The Onion's edgy take on the news clearly falls within the legal standard of First Amendment-protected satire. What about the Daily Currant? It won attention in 2013 after getting several major media outlets to pick up its fake reports. Politico noted that, unlike the Onion, the Daily Currant sought not laughs but to inflame opinion. The Daily Currant now features attempts at Onion-style humor mixed in with humorless fake news. As of Tuesday, its page had no Google ads. Is this fair? Probably. If Google and Facebook adopt restrictive policies, a barrage of bias claims seems inevitable. Twitter's new policies have far less of a gray area. The company is responding to critics by offering tools to limit online harassment, including filters that block unwanted tweets containing specific keywords and hashtags. This comes against a backdrop of mean-spirited and bigoted targeting of Trump critics. These changes shouldn't have taken an election. But they are encouraging nonetheless. This is a TU+ story. Click for more information. Today's Premium Content - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - SATURday's lottery Siena basketball's Lavon Long makes debut Sunday Rooting out homegrown terror N.Y. state Court of Appeals still a liberal bastion LeBrun: Cuomo OKs oversight, if he's overseer Churchill: An Albany gondola? Give the idea a chance Is Thanksgiving shopping a turkey for retailers? Male drivers ticketed more than female motorists in region, New York state View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
null
What Went Wrong With Trump And The Media Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Donate Subscribe Search Newsletter Magazine Politics Environment Media Crime and Justice Food Guns Dark Money Photos Investigations Podcasts Kevin Drum About Subscribe Donate Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Politics Environment Food Media Crime & Justice Photos Investigations Magazine Subscribe Donate What Went Wrong With Trump And The Media The business model is pulling in the wrong direction for democracy. Monika Bauerlein Nov. 19, 2016 3:26 PM LM Otero/AP Photo Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email There aren't a lot of people who have not yet been blamed for the election of Donald Trump. FBI Director James Comey. Vladimir Putin, Jon Stewart, Sean Hannity, Twitter, Facebook, CNN, Hillary Clinton, the DNC, and oh, Donald Trump. There's a good case to be made for almost every culprit you can imagine, and a tweetstorm or thinkpiece to lay it out. This is not going to be one of those pieces. As my colleague Kevin Drum writes, "For the most part, people are just blaming all the stuff they already believed in." But in the flood of emails that have poured into MoJo since the election, many readers have asked us to dive into one issue in particular—the role of  media. And it happens to be an issue we're obsessed with. We believe that the business model for media in the United States is broken; that if we're going to have the kind of journalism that democracy requires, we're going to need different ways of paying for it; and that critical among those will be reader support in many different forms. So we're not going to pussyfoot around: By the end of this piece, we hope you'll invest in our hard-hitting investigative reporting. And if you're already in for that, you can do it right now. Meanwhile, let's take a look at where things stand. We're preparing to be governed by a man with a record of contempt for truth and transparency, at a time when every potential countervailing force, from the Democratic Party to the courts, is on the ropes. We're also headed for nearly unmitigated one-party control of the federal government and a growing number of states. In the past, the Fourth Estate has been essential at moments like this, holding the powerful accountable until the pendulum swings back toward checks and balances. Whether that can happen this time, though, is not so clear. Because this time, the press itself is among the institutions under strain—and that strain may well be part of what made Trump's ascent possible. Here's what played out during the campaign, and is playing out again in the transition: Individual journalists and individual outlets do amazing work under the most difficult circumstances, facing down virulent abuse in person and on social media. But the larger gravitational forces of the industry pull in the opposite direction. Those forces push us toward the lowest common denominator. They reward outrage and affirm anger—and they don’t incentivize digging deep, explaining complex problems, or exposing wrongdoing. One person who understands this better than most is…Donald Trump. He knew from the get-go that as a celebrity known for saying outrageous stuff, he could call up any show, anytime, and count on being put on the air because he brought the eyeballs. As CBS chairman Les Moonves put it way back in February, his bomb-throwing "may not be good for America, but it's damn good for CBS." Trump could have capitalized on this at any time, but he really hit a perfect-storm moment. Media revenues are under enormous pressure across the board. Newspapers and magazines are battling cheap and free digital competitors. Cable is threatened by cord-cutting. And digital publishers are watching new ad dollars rush over to Facebook and Google. That made news organizations desperate for eyeballs and content, and Trump gave them both. Airing his interviews, covering his rallies, turning his tweets into posts and his comments into tweets was quick and inexpensive—far less expensive certainly than digging through his business record or analyzing how his campaign has emboldened white nationalists. When it comes to news, you get what you pay for, and when the answer to that is "zero,"  that's also the value of a lot of what you get in your Facebook feed. Which brings us to the other part of the perfect storm: social media. Rage (and fear) motivate sharing. Rage-sharing reinforces the beliefs we and our friends already hold, which makes us want to signal those beliefs even more. Each "OMFG, Trump just_______" pushes the button again, and motivates. And it's not just media organizations that noticed Trump driving the clicks and shares. A network of bottom-feeders, bots, and outright provocateurs have discovered that you can cash in on ad networks by simply making up fake news stories that will spread wildly on social media. And what a coincidence that we didn't learn until after the election that Facebook had a way to tamp down fake news, but held back because it was terrified of a conservative backlash. Google likewise waited until after the election to kick fake-news sites out of its ad network; Twitter didn't crack down on far-right accounts until November 15. That really bodes well for the future decisions of companies that govern our digital life (and know more about each of us than the National Security Agency ever will). The last part of the perfect storm was—is—the evisceration of newsrooms. There are, give or take, 40 percent fewer journalists in America than there were a decade ago, and there are about to be even fewer as companies cut back dramatically post-election. Univision is shedding more than 200 jobs, many of them at millennial-aimed Fusion; the Guardian is in the process of reducing its US newsroom by 30 percent, the Wall Street Journal is trimming positions and consolidating sections, and the New York Times has said it has a newsroom downsizing coming in January. For those journalists who remain, the pressure will only increase—to bring eyeballs, but also avoid offense. Because while big media companies feed on controversy, they are terrified of being targets of controversy themselves. They built big audiences and revenue streams on a style of journalism that avoids any semblance of a point of view, so as not to drive any part of the audience away. Trump's attacks on journalists as biased are designed to reinforce that fear. That's one reason why for much of the campaign his lies weren't called out, his falsehoods weren't fact-checked—because that would have appeared like injecting a point of view. Grim, right? Here's another link where you can support our work during these challenging times with a monthly or one-time gift (along with a Harvard study showing that the act of giving may promote happiness). In the end, political journalism is deeply conservative—not in the partisan sense, but in the sense of being invested in institutions, ways of doing things, and the foundational belief that the system works and  destructive forces will be neutralized in due time. That was what made it hard to imagine a Trump win, or to recognize Bernie Sanders' movement as more than the usual protest candidacy. And it's what now is driving coverage inexorably toward normalization. Already, public radio hosts banter as they inform us that Steve Bannon, a man who ran an openly race-baiting website, has become the senior White House strategist; already People, just weeks after publishing a harrowing article about its own writer's experience of being assaulted by Trump, has compiled "27 Photos of Ivanka Trump's Family That Are Way Too Cute." Demagogues are dependent on a compliant media. It is the air they breathe, the fuel they run on. They rely on it to legitimize their lies and give their bombast a veneer of respectability. They deploy it to bestow favors and mete out punishment. And they will not abide disrespect from the press, because it's contagious. Peter Thiel, the Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump champion, showed one way of punishing journalists when he spent millions on the lawsuit that shut down Gawker. (Mother Jones was a target of similar litigation—though we won.) There will be many other opportunities, from rewriting transparency laws like the Freedom of Information Act to defunding the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. (So in addition to supporting Mother Jones with a monthly or one-time gift, consider pitching in for your local public media station.) We need an alternative—and we need it now. Back to where we started: The business model is broken when it comes to ensuring the kind of journalism democracy requires. In the uncertain, dangerous times ahead, we'll need something better, and a lot of it. We'll need media that doesn't have to bargain for access or worry about backlash. We'll need media that isn't dependent on giving bigots a platform. (CNN expects to make $1 billion this year—in large part thanks to election coverage that had many high moments, but also employed paid Trump operative Corey Lewandowski.) We'll need media that doesn't sell out its own for political ends. (Remember when Fox News' Megyn Kelly had to "make up" with Trump after nearly a year of bullying and threats?) We'll need reporters who can chase after what is shaping up to be cronyism and corruption of epic proportions, and who can stand up to the intimidation that is bound to ensue. We'll need a business model that—to circle all the way back to Les Moonves—isn't dependent on pumping up the eyeballs at any cost. That's what we are determined to build here at MoJo. We don't claim to have all the answers on where things go from here. But we know a free, fearless press is an essential part of it, and that means doubling down on the investigative reporting that readers like you have demanded, and supported, for 40 years. Instead of focusing on the controversies that Trump and other politicians spoon-feed the press (over here, five candidates for secretary of state! No here, a fresh Twitter rant against the New York Times!), we'll dig into the stories they want to keep secret. We'll go after the unprecedented conflicts of interest and corruption wherever they arise. (These, as you well know, are not limited to either party.) We'll expose the danger to vulnerable communities like immigrants and religious minorities, while also exploring how people are organizing and fighting back. We'll listen to people whose voices aren't heard enough—including the working-class people who voted for Trump because he promised them better times. And we will ask you, our readers, what else is important to cover now—your input is key as we all find our way in this new landscape. Whatever the story is, we won't be held back by timidity or fear of controversy. The only thing that limits us are the resources we have to hire reporters, send them into the field, and give them the time and job security they need to go deep. That’s where your tax-deductible monthly or one-time donation makes all the difference. (So does subscribing to our magazine, giving a gift subscription—we have some great holiday savings going on—or signing up for our newsletters.) A full 70 percent of Mother Jones’ revenue comes from reader support. It’s the core of the business model we think will be critical to saving watchdog journalism. And many of you agree: Since the election we’ve been seeing unprecedented support from readers who have flocked to our site to read, subscribe, donate, and share their thoughts about where we need to go from here.   And let's take one more step. While it's critically important to shore up independent reporting, you're going to want to take action in other ways too. Here are some things we're thinking about as we head toward the holidays. Many of you will talk—and listen—to people you disagree with, to understand where they're coming from and maybe find the tiniest sliver of common ground. Arlie Hochschild did that in our cover story about Trump voters, and she saw many of the trends others in the media missed. Some of you might want to try to open up your Facebook feeds to people you differ with; we put together a list of tools to get out of your "filter bubbles." And one of our editors, James West, has started a project where he's friending all the Trump supporters he interviewed this year. He'll tell their stories as that evolves. Finally, we're remembering to be thankful—not least, to you. Mother Jones as you know it today is the result of a big, risky bet at a moment not unlike this one—2006, when we were looking at media that had failed to challenge a war-mongering government's lies and a digital news landscape where hot takes had overtaken original reporting. We asked you, our readers, to help us counter that trend, to build a 24/7 digital operation and a newsroom to go after the big stories of the day. And you did. Ten years later, at a moment of even more radical upheaval, many of you have told us that you want to be part of a movement that builds a bigger, stronger independent journalism scene. Thanks to you, we are ready. MoJo will need to be stronger, more agile, and even more fearless in an environment that's growing more dangerous to journalism and democracy. Let's go. Get the scoop,  straight from Mother Jones. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Monika Bauerlein Monika Bauerlein is CEO of Mother Jones. For more of her stories, click here. You can also follow her on Twitter. Mother Jones is a nonprofit, and stories like this are made possible by readers like you. Donate or subscribe to help fund independent journalism. Related This Is What's Missing From Journalism Right Now Monika Bauerlein and Clara Jeffery There's One Piece of Democracy That Fat Cats Can't Buy Monika Bauerlein and Clara Jeffery Thiel, Trump, and the Billionaires' Attack on the Fourth Estate Monika Bauerlein and Clara Jeffery view comments About Us | Store Donate | Subscribe Customer Service Advertise Copyright ©2016 Mother Jones and the Foundation for National Progress. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us We noticed you have an ad blocker on. Support nonprofit investigative reporting by pitching in a few bucks. DONATE X
Sunday, November 20, 2016 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Login Using Social Media Login Using Account Credentials E-Mail Address Password Forgot your password? Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Market Search × Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Walgreens is hurting rival CVS, but is it helping itself? Point: We need a balanced budget. Now. Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose Here's what $2.5 million buys in Irving Park Meet the bond trader making jeans on the West Side With diversity, Big Law must lead the way So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? Her fundraising philosophy: Ask everyone you know × Weather × Market DJ Industrial Avg Nasdaq S&P 500 × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics & Opinion Opinion & Columnists Editorials On Politics Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech City and County Government State and Federal Government Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move Custom Features Big Dates Colleges Corporate Holiday Guide Decisions Giving Guide Illinois’ Healthiest Employers Mind & Body Private School Planner Thought Leadership Vision Wealth Management November 19, 2016 Comments Email Print By Ryan Ori SHARE × Facebook Twitter Text / SMS LinkedIn Google + Email Photo by Manuel Martinez Louis Manis, center left, is vice president and Harry Katsiavelos is co-owner and president of Peoria Packing in Chicago's Fulton Market District. Which food wholesaler will be Fulton Market's last? Gentrification west of the Kennedy Expressway is taking the “market” out of Chicago's Fulton Market District, but a few longtime businesses are digging in to stay—at least for now. Most of the area's meatpackers, wholesalers and food distributors have sold their properties and moved on or are in the process of selling, amid a development boom in the neighborhood that's tucked into the northwest corner of the West Loop. The wave of building conversions and new construction has already begun to transform the main thoroughfares of Fulton Market and Randolph Street from gritty food processing to a growing mix of boutique hotels, restaurants, shops and offices—including Google's Midwest headquarters and McDonald's future global headquarters. Real estate values have soared so high that many owners haven't been able to resist the temptation to sell. And an expected surge of car and foot traffic leaves the relatively small number of remaining businesses wondering how much longer their forklifts and delivery trucks can coexist with new neighbors. “Years ago, you never saw a woman walking with a baby carriage, or someone jogging,” says Harry Katsiavelos, co-owner and president of hog processing business Peoria Packing. “You run the risk of a truck blindsiding someone. You can manage the business, but that's always in the back of your mind.” Katsiavelos says his company's retail operation, a butcher shop at 1300 W. Lake St., expects to thrive long-term. The wholesale business across the street is likely to stay for at least a few more years, but Peoria Packing's owners are already evaluating options. “I think everybody in this area has given thought to where they'd relocate,” Katsiavelos says. “You'd be foolish not to. The city is expanding, and we can't stop that.” 'SET UP FOR HORSE AND BUGGY' For now there appears to be one haven. A planned manufacturing district north of Fulton prohibits many types of competing real estate uses, and a few companies there have the benefit of dedicated parking and loading areas. Three such businesses, all just north of Google's offices at 1000 W. Fulton, are Fox De Luxe Foods, Cougle Commission and Pioneer Wholesale Meat. “We need to ride it as long as we can,” says Sam Samano, owner of poultry, pork, beef and seafood wholesaler Fox De Luxe. “Business is good here, and our customers like where we are.” Fox De Luxe recently acquired Wheeling-based Bon Ton Food Service, where it could eventually consolidate operations if needed. But the PMD has helped keep Fox De Luxe's Morgan Street facility functional, Samano says. “I understand why people on Fulton have to move,” he says. “Fulton Market was not set up for 2016. It was set up for horse and buggy, and it's tough trying to get semis in with the narrow roads. As long as we have the PMD zoning and the ability to bring in trucks, we're fine.” If the last few companies were to pack up, it would mean the end of an era. It also would inconvenience many customers, such as restaurant owners, accustomed to driving to one area of town and bouncing among neighboring shops to load up on meats, cheeses, eggs and seafood. NO SINGLE GO-TO AREA Wholesalers that have already sold their buildings have clustered in a few areas, such as moving several blocks west or going south a few miles to be along the Stevenson Expressway. But no one go-to area has emerged. “There are fewer places for people to go, so they'll come (to us),” says Lee Freidheim, CEO of poultry processor and distributor Cougle Commission. “On the other hand, if the supporting businesses have all left, there won't be that synergy in the neighborhood.” Cougle has been around since 1873, but its current Aberdeen Street facility was built to its specifications just 30 years ago, Freidheim says. “We like the neighborhood for the original reason we moved here: It's near expressways and the population downtown,” he says. “Our business is healthy, so we could easily stay here. If they change the zoning around us, that would change the dynamic and change the value of our property. Whatever happens in the future will be determined by the type of zoning we have here.” Companies that have sold properties, or are in the process of selling in anticipation of a move, include Fulton Market Cold Storage, El Cubano Wholesale Meats, Pastorelli Food Products, Economy Packing, Nealey Foods, Bridgford Foods, Isaacson & Stein Fish and John R. Morreale Meat. Most of those businesses are moving from outdated buildings where loading docks are immediately alongside sidewalks now packed with pedestrians. “I think it's fair to say all of Fulton and Randolph will be cleared out in this development cycle or the next cycle,” says Chicago-based property sales broker Gino Tabbi, a managing director at New York-based Newmark Grubb Knight Frank. “Pedestrian traffic is not going to permit these guys to operate anymore.” Other companies have evolved in order to stick around. J.P. Graziano Grocery's fourth-generation owner, Jim Graziano, has transformed the Randolph business from wholesaling and distribution to a sandwich shop and neighborhood grocery. On Lake Street, wholesaler Crown Corned Beef & Foods acquired rival Ex-Cel Corned Beef and turned some of the new space into a retail shop called the Corned Beef Factory. It plans to open a second shop in the Loop by March. Commercial Real Estate Fulton Market Loop West Loop News Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Read Next Correction How to end racism in the arts How Trump is lifting the fortunes of Chicago's banking sector Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Download the Crain’s iPad App Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Crain Communication, Inc.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Airbnb's New Service Will Change the Way You Travel Forever Hana Hong InStyleNovember 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share View photos Credit: Stefanie Keenan/Getty Images If you've traveled--domestically or abroad--the meticulous process of researching what to do can be staggering at times. Clicking into the most highly-rated tourist locations on your Google Search page can be annoyingly ambiguous and mere generalizations of the overall experience. What differentiates a memorable experience from a bland trip lies in knowledge and proper planning. In order to make this easier, Airbnb wants to whittle the generic travel gossip into more targeted recommendations for things to do. After years of planning, Airbnb is now expanding beyond the simple experience of booking a place to stay--shifting part of the responsibility of figuring out what to do in those places to its local hosts instead. RELATED: Here's Why So Many Couples Are Getting Married at Airbnbs This week, CEO Brian Chesky finally gave us a concrete idea of exactly what Airbnb's holistic future, and what on-demand travel, will look like. Chesky took to the stage at the company's "Open" event in L.A. to reveal the new comprehensive travel venture: an extension of the Airbnb rental service that strives to hand you the local experience (all with a click of a button). In addition to booking places to stay, hosts and locals can now offer personal tours, events, and other hands-on experiences. As the name so implies, users can find this in the new "experiences" feature in the Airbnb app, where they will be shown a movie-style trailer so they can see exactly what you're signing up for. The new experience category will include single short events and longer multi-day "Immersions." Each trip is searchable by city and theme, depending on what your passion may be. Essentially, Airbnb users can handcraft these experiences--which in the app are displayed through a sort of carousel of cinematic posters--and sell them. Most of the experiences cost under $200, and example excursions span from couture dress designing to local food tasting. RELATED: The World's Coolest Caves You Can Actually Sleep In This also offers hosts the ability to make money beyond simply listing their homes--or even in lieu of that. With the at-home gig economy increasingly growing through programs such as Uber and Airbnb, this presents a new way for proud locals to generate some additional cash on the side. And it doesn't end there. Another addition to the revolutionized Airbnb is "places," which includes everything from audio guides created by locals to "near me now" guides. Beyond that, they are now trying to capture the complete trip experience down to cuisine; users can directly book restaurant reservations through Airbnb. The experience fuses Trip-advisor's guide elements and Google's advice on when the spot is most busy so users can select the most optimal choice for them. If you want to review everything your future trip has in store, you'll be able to browse your previous trips in the form of a timeline. When everything is booked, the reservation goes into a itinerary--places, experiences or rendezvouses--and all you have to do is check your phone as to what to do next. Credit: Courtesy Chesky also hinted that Airbnb's future will include flight booking and "services," but didn't spare any more details on stage. RELATED: Inside Kim K.'s $30 Million Airbnb Rental According to Airbnb, the ultimate goal is to offer travelers guidance on what they are supposed to do when they get to their final destination. This gives the rapidly growing company a way to expand the overall scope of the company to one where it not only competes with hotels, but also controls the fate of the tourism agency in general. While this service has been in beta since June, the changes are currently live. The new sections are available on Airbnb now, but only 12 cities will have the experiences at its initial launch. Currently, these cities include Detroit, London, Paris, Nairobi, La Habana, San Francisco, Cape Town, Firenze, Miami, Seoul, Tokyo, and Los Angeles. Chesky says over 50 cities are scheduled to be available next year, with the goal to have global coverage eventually. "The magic is, and always will be, in the people. If you have a passion, if you have an interest, if you have a hobby, you can share your community with others in the world," said Chesky. "Because you see, travel has never really been about where you go, it's about who you become. And this is something we would love to build together, so we invite you to join us in this adventure." View photos Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Ashton Kutcher’s Panel Stormed by Protester Objecting to Airbnb in Palestine Entertainment Tonight Merkel tells party ready to seek fourth term as chancellor AFP Donald Trump's Cabinet Begins to Take Shape ABC News Videos Gold Star family of slain California soldier booed on flight Associated Press Warplanes pound Aleppo – Dozens dead Yahoo News Photo Staff An Eater's Guide to New York City Eater New York Donald Trump Taps Sen. Jeff Sessions for Attorney General ABC News Videos Trump set to announce new cabinet picks AFP Watch 'Fantasy Football Live' for expert help in Week 11 Roto Arcade Report: Cowboys' Tony Romo prefers Denver as his next team Shutdown Corner Police fatally shoot Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minn. Yahoo News Photo Staff Amid wildfires, North Carolina getaway turns to ghost town Associated Press Trump Agrees to Pay $25M to Settle Trump University Lawsuit ABC News Videos ‘Saturday Night Live’ Recap: Kristen Wiig Comes Home for Thanksgiving Yahoo TV Ivanka isn’t the only reason these photos of Trump meeting Abe are problematic Quartz Trump children's roles blur line between transition, company Associated Press Trump Blasts 'Saturday Night Live' as 'One-Sided Biased Show,' Asks 'Equal Time for Us?' Bruce: Really? Yes, SNL is blatantly biased. It's also a late night comedy sketch show. How is anyone, including Trump supporters, not put off by the future president of the United States actually taking the time to bash on a tv show for their satirical impression of him? This is absolutely childish of him. Why can Trump, not simply ignore the criticism? Hell, it's not even criticism, it's satire. It's things like this that make me question the man's fitness for the office more than anything else. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 771 Syria’s children caught in the crossfire of civil war Yahoo News Photo Staff This Airline Is Selling $1,000 Business Class Seats to Paris Travel+Leisure Jennifer Jacobs Says Steve Bannon is 'Donald Trump's Chief Idea Guy' ABC News Videos Blac Chyna Shows Off Tiny Waist and Bare Stomach Less Than Two Weeks After Giving Birth! Entertainment Tonight Trump opponents try to beat him at the Electoral College Associated Press The Starbucks "Trump" Cup Is Causing A Ton Of Controversy Delish Protesting the Dakota Access pipeline Yahoo News Photo Staff PlanChat makes the process of planning a vacation a little less stressful Digital Trends Remembering Journalist Gwen Ifill ABC News Videos Trump Blasts 'Saturday Night Live' as 'One-Sided Biased Show,' Asks 'Equal Time for Us?' Good Morning America Week 11 Fantasy Football rankings: Trust our experts with playoffs looming Roto Arcade People are wildly misinterpreting a “heartwarming” video of a polar bear playing with a dog Quartz Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff Las Vegas Dining 101: A Guide for Eating and Drinking in Sin City Eater Vegas More Than a Third of Americans Say Idea of Talking Politics at Thanksgving Stresses Them Out ABC News Videos Richard Simmons Speaks Out About Closing His Fitness Studio Good Morning America Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists Elections 2016 PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Local Deals Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Apartments Legals Business Columns & Blogs November 19, 2016 2:42 PM Websites that act like apps – only better – are a gift to mobile users By Paul Gilster Correspondent LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Mobile gadgets like smartphones are liberating when they help us do things that would have required a desktop computer otherwise – I learned this lesson again when the power was out after the hurricane. But they’re also confining in that we’re working with the mobile web, a small browser on a midget screen. Getting things done on some mobile websites can be like pulling teeth, a complicated, painstaking process in which you don’t want to make a mistake. But we’re moving into a new way of doing things that leverages the differences between a browser like Chrome in your phone and a fully mobile web “app” that was designed from the start to operate on your phone. So-called “progressive web apps” are being keenly studied among developers, with support from Google, Microsoft and Mozilla, the big browser players. They’ll change how we do things and, delightfully, they’ll do much of this in the background. Here’s the problem: People like apps because they’re straightforward and designed to do just a few things well. But I challenge you to look carefully at the apps on your own phone. Some people have few, but most have a large collection, trying different apps from business as well as recreational and productivity apps like note-takers and to-do list creators. And the funny thing is, most of those apps get used a few times and then they’re left to languish. In my own case, I keep forgetting just which apps I’ve got on the phone, and when I recently upgraded to a Google Pixel, I realized when I went to restore my apps that I couldn’t even remember what most of them were. The few I do use I rely on, but most just wasted space. So here’s the progressive web app (PWA) solution. Let’s say you rely on a particular website a lot – maybe it’s a travel site, or a place where you get your recipes. Whatever the case, as you use the website more than a few times, things begin to happen. The site loads just as always, but now it begins sending you data in the background. A regular app might require a lengthy download before you can install it. A PWA can load data without your noticing. Now the mobile web begins to get turbocharged, because while the website retains its functionality, the PWA can be placed on your screen as an icon to perform specific tasks, but only those you’ve shown that you need to be doing – no unnecessary app downloading here. Notice, too, that this model doesn’t require you to call up and search an app store to pull down what you need. The website has already figured it out and made the app available – used in this way, a website progressively becomes an app, or can if you use it enough. You don’t have to use the PWA as a separate icon if you’d prefer not to, but you’ll get a prompt asking your preferences. Once it’s loaded, the progressive web app works full-screen and offline. No slow load times and better performance, that’s the promise. What more could companies with a mobile web presence ask for? This at a time when we’re using browsers on smartphones even more than we use them on our PCs, according to recent studies. This is a shakeup of the app store model that has consequences. Early indications are that adopting a PWA makes customers more likely to manage a transaction on the mobile web than they would have been without it. We’ll learn more as PWAs begin to spread. Back to the hurricane. I used Chrome on my smartphone when the power was out to pull off some fairly complicated transactions, but it was both tedious and terrifying, the latter because it’s all too easy to hit the wrong prompt on a smartphone’s small browser screen. A PWA that is downloaded as a result of my activities will simplify what I do and make it far faster. You’ll begin noticing PWAs as this ecosystem evolves, but because they don’t call attention to themselves, you may quickly just get used to them. And that’s a tribute to the concept. Paul A. Gilster is the author of several books on technology. Reach him at gilster@mindspring.com. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Columns & Blogs Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:28 Marvin Ridge wins state title on a PK Pause 1:04 Dramatic video from NC wildfires captures dangerous situation 1:31 Raleigh Christmas Parade kicks off the holiday season 1:50 Republican lawyer's election complaint rejected by Durham County board 11:10 Pulse nightclub shooter calls 911 part 2 of 2 (Warning: explicit language) 5:34 NC State's Dave Doeren talks after the Wolfpack's loss 0:31 Downtown Raleigh coffee shop 42 & Lawrence served coffee the Gilmore Girls way 1:09 'They're still heroes' 1:53 Trump's White House 2:52 Butterfield says election complaints 'orchestrated' by McCrory campaign Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 17 hours ago It's a tough lesson" - Chapel Hill soccer coach Jason Curtis on title loss 3:21 17 hours ago It's a tough lesson" - Chapel Hill soccer coach Jason Curtis on title loss 1:53 16 hours ago Trump's White House 3:18 17 hours ago Durham teen straddles fine line between performance dreams and threat of prison View more video Business Columns & Blogs NC’s nonprofits need succession plans Turning a hobby into a business could help with taxes Websites that act like apps – only better – are a gift to mobile users Siblings don’t want to squander generous gifts from parents – Money Matters What ‘meet me halfway’ really means Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
null
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar 7 Day Forecast Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Politics News Videos Election results MLK in Memphis Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 FOX13 Family Back to School 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Violence in Memphis Jessica Chambers Missing Children 7250151 Sports Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More BREAKING NEWS Crews battling train fire in Orange Mound Live Weather Radar 1/2 AP Top Technology News at 9:38 p.m. EST Updated: Nov 18, 2016 - 11:00 PM Twtter Facebook fixing fake news problem with CEO at trade summit Google hits Pixel resellers with 'digital death sentence' Tesla, SolarCity get shareholder approval for merger Beyond rooms and homes: Airbnb adding tours and activities Google disappointed by South Korean refusal on mapping data Facebook boosts efforts to 'do good' with new tools China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay Facebook buys Pittsburgh-based facial analysis software firm Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter AP Top Technology News at 9:38 p.m. EST AP Top Sports News at 12:29 p.m. EST AP Top International News at 12:25 p.m. EST AP Top News at 12:33 p.m. EST AP Top Entertainment News at 12:37 p.m. EST News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Memphis Coupons About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 EEOC Statement FOX13 Public File © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
null
vator vatorX vatornews Register Log in Newsroom Innovation series Interviews Lessons learned Trends & news Weekly M&A Roundup Funding roundup - week ending 11/19/16 FanDuel and DraftKings merged; Facebook bought FacioMetrics; Hulu acquired The Video Genome Project Innovation series by Steven Loeb November 19, 2016 | Comments Short URL: http://vator.tv/n/4841 Facebook acquired FacioMetrics, a developer of vision-based customer solutions. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed. FacioMetrics products will be shut down and key members of the team, including both founders, de la Torre and CTO Francisco Vicente, have been hired at Facebook.  Founded in 2015 as a spin-off company from Carnegie Mellon University, FacioMetrics developed algorithms for facial feature tracking, and its products included FacioLytics, a library for facial behavioral analysis and demographics from video; FacioSwap, a face swapping tool; and FacioID, a library for facial identification. Hulu acquired The Video Genome Project, a structured database of video content. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed. Hulu plans to combine The VGP’s proprietary technology with its own recommendation engine. The company expects to fully incorporate VGP's data into its recommendation system by the first quarter of 2017. A small group of VGP employees will be joining Hulu. Founded in 2013, The Video Genome Project had raised funding from Segel Group Limited.  ContextMedia, a provider of digital health information, acquired patient education media company AccentHealth, it was announced on Wednesday. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed, but it was revealed that it was an all-cash purchase. AccentHealth's channel is currently seen in over 30,000 physician waiting rooms, serves over 70,000 medical practitioners nationwide, and reaches 173 million patients each year. ContextMedia will invest in bringing its technologies into AccentHealth's network of practices and, as a result, will reach 55,000 healthcare locations. At the present time, AccentHealth will continue to operate as a distinct brand and platform, independent of ContextMedia. Both firms and their teams will operate with no changes in the short term. A joint Accent-Health ContextMedia team will be evaluating the platforms to determine the best way to grow the combined business in the future. ContextMedia also plans to make a significant investment in the technology, footprint and future of the combined platform. The transaction is expected to close by the end of the year subject to customary closing conditions. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC acted as exclusive financial advisor and Kirkland & Ellis LLP acted as legal advisor to ContextMedia. JPMorgan Chase Bank, Goldman Sachs and Citizens First Bank will provide financing. Moelis & Company acted as exclusive financial advisor and Alston & Bird LLP acted as legal advisor to AccentHealth. Doctena, a medical booking platform, acquired Doxter, an online appointment and review system for physicians. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  Doxter co-founder Ron Lehnert is staying on and will become CEO of Doctena Germany. Doxter’s patient portal will be rebranded as Doctena.de. Doctena Germany mobile apps for Android and iOS will also be rolled out. Verizon acquired LQD WiFi, a developer of Smart Cities and ubiquitous WiFi. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  LQD's assets will be integrated with the smart community infrastructure from Sensity Systems, which Verizon acquired last month.  LQD and Verizon are currently designing solutions for municipalities, private developers, academic institutions and entertainment venues. Verizon also sees opportunity to promote civic innovation and deliver data driven solutions leveraging the open data platforms of cities. These solutions will help communities better inform and engage with their constituents. Founded in 2014, LQD had raised $1.73 million in funding. Verizon also acquired SocialRadar, which develops social and location-based space applications for users to connect and interact with others around them. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  Verizon will use SocialRadar’s technology in MapQuest. SocialRadar will keep its existing offices, but the six-person team is already working closely together with the MapQuest team in Denver and other AOL offices to integrate its data and services with MapQuest’s existing tools.  Founded in 2013, SocialRadar had raised $12.75 million in funding from New Enterprise Associates, Growth Tech Ventures, NextGen Venture Partners, Dave Morin, and Ted Leonsis, among others.  GE Digital, which connects streams of machine data to analytics, acquired ServiceMax, a provider of cloud-based field service management solutions. The deal is worth $915 million. With this acquisition GE plans to add analytics and insights into the ServiceMax logistics, workforce optimization and deployment models. GE estimates there is a market-wide opportunity to improve service productivity by $25 billion through the use of analytical tools. The acquisition of ServiceMax is expected to close in January, subject to customary closing conditions, including receipt of applicable regulatory approvals. Morgan Stanley acted as exclusive financial advisor to ServiceMax with Gundersen Dettmer LLP serving as legal counsel for ServiceMax. King & Spalding, LLP served as legal counsel for GE Digital. Founded in 2007, ServiceMax had raised $204 million in venture funding from Cloud Apps Capital Partners, Crosslink Capital, GE Ventures, Mayfield Fund, Salesforce Ventures and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, among others. GE Digital also acquired Wise.io, a provider of machine learning tools for automating customer service. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  The acquisition will enable GE Digital to further accelerate development of advanced machine learning and data science offerings on the Predix platform. The Wise.io technology deepens GE’s machine learning stack and the team will spearhead innovative solutions in GE’s vertical markets to develop intelligent systems offerings. Founded in 2013, Wise.io had raised $3.58 million in venture funding from Alchemist Accelerator, Citrix Startup Accelerator and Voyager Capital. xAd, a location intelligence provider that drives sales, acquired WeatherBug, a provider of weather information services. No financial terns of the deal were disclosed.  The acquisition included WeatherBug mobile, desktop and iWatch apps, WeatherBug.com, and WeatherBug connected TV assets.  Founded in 1993, WeatherBug has over 20 million unique users per month and an average time on site of 25 minutes. The company had raised $34 million in venture funding from Allegiance Capital, HarbourVest Partners, Outcome Capital, Polaris Partners and Sequoia Capital. Marvel, a Web and app design platform, acquired POP, an app that transforms sketches into click-through prototypes. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  All POP projects will be converted into Marvel projects. That means prototypes and designs will continue to be accessible and editable within Marvel.  The POP Web app will redirect to Marvel. Founded in 2012, POP has over 500,000 users. Earlier this year the POP team joined Priceline. The compant had raised $700,000 in venture funding from 500 Startups, Amino Capital and Golden Gate Ventures. Samsung acquired NewNet Communication Technologies, a company operating Rich Communications Services. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  The acquisition reinforces Samsung’s commitment to RCS as mobile networks transition to IP-based networks and services. NewNet Canada, based in Halifax, Nova Scotia, will continue to operate independently under the existing leadership of Brent Newsome and Gavin Murphy as a wholly owned subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Canada Inc. Samsung also acquired audio products and electronic systems manufacturer Harman. The price was $112.00 per share in cash, or total equity value of approximately $8 billion. Harman has more than 30 million vehicles currently equipped with its connected car and audio systems, including embedded infotainment, telematics, connected safety and security. Approximately 65 percent of HARMAN’s $7 billion of reported sales during the 12 months ended September 30, 2016 are automotive-related, and its order backlog for this market at June 30, 2016 was approximately $24 billion. Sprinklr, a social media management platform, acquired Little Bird, which analyzes social data to deliver insights for smarter enterprise marketing. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  Little Bird’s technology will enhance Sprinklr’s audience insights, segmentation, advertising, and analytics capabilities as part of the only unified platform for enterprises to engage customers and manage their experience at scale. Founded in 2011, Little Bird raised $3.37 million in venture funding from Mark Cuban, the Oregon Angel Fund and Jason Calacanis’ AngelList Syndicate.  Google acquired Undecided Labs, which was developing technology to turn online searches into purchases. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  Cathy Edwards, founder of Undecidable Labs, now oversees engineering and product development for image search at Google. Undecidable Labs gad raised less than $1 million in funding.  Verint Systems, a [provider of Actionable Intelligence solutions, acquired OpinionLab, a provider ofomnichannel Voice of Customer feedback solutions. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  The purchase allows Verint to extended its Customer Engagement Optimization portfolio. Founded in 1999, OpinionLab had raised $15 million in venture funding from SSM Partners, Jones Day served as legal counsel to Verint on the acquisition transaction. Piper Jaffray served as the exclusive financial advisor to OpinionLab and DLA Piper served as legal counsel to OpinionLab on this transaction. FetchFind, a provider of e-learning and career advancement for the pet care services industry, acquired PawedIn, a platform for pet parents. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  FetchFind will leverage PawedIn’s two-sided marketplace, businesses and pet owners, to provide their current business client base greater visibility to pet owners. PawedIn was founded in 2015. DateTix, a mobile and location-based social platform, acquired Noonswoon, a mobile dating app. , It bought 700,000 shares of the company;s its penny stock worth $212,000. Founded in 2013, Noonswoon has created 350,000 dating connections. The app will continue to operate as normal, and team now will become the Bangkok branch of DateTix.  Noonswoon raised $400,000 from 500 Startups and Golden Gate Ventures. Hangar, a company developing an autonomous data capture ecosystem for drones, acquired Autoflight Logic, the maker of a flight automation software for DJI drones. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  Autoflight Logic boasts over 150,000 autonomous flights in over 190 countries flown using its ground control software. The existing software will continue to be sold and supported for current users, and the development team will all join Hangar where founder Jim McAndrew will serve as CTO. Travel agent app Lola acquired hotel metasearch site Room 77. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  Lola sais it intends to maintain Room 77's current operations. The platform will also provide strategic insights for helping Lola deliver the best hotel deals through the best channel for its customers. Founded in 2009, Room 77 had raised $43.8 million in funding from Concur Technologies, Expedia, Felicis Ventures, General Catalyst Partners and Sutter Hill Ventures, among others. TDS Broadband Service, a subsidiary of Telephone and Data Systems, acquired InterLinx Communications and its subsidiary Tonaquint Networks. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  The agreement includes over 170 miles of fiber optic transport. All employees will be offered positions and encouraged to stay with TDS to support customers locally, in addition to helping advance the network throughout Utah. Employees from Tonaquint Networks, InterLinx and TDS will operate out of the current InterLinx office space in St. George. The deal is pending regulatory approval at both federal and local levels. DataStax, a provider of database software for cloud applications, acquired DataScale, a provider of cloud-based management services for data infrastructure. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  DataStax also announced the forthcoming availability of DataStax Managed Cloud, a fully-managed database service. DataStax Managed Cloud will be available in early 2017 on Amazon Web Services, followed by other popular public cloud providers. DataStax will offer customers the opportunity to enroll in the DataStax Managed Cloud beta program starting in early 2017. Versara Lending, a consumer lender, acquired Peerform, a personal loan marketplace lender. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  The acquisition reinforces Versara’s commitment to rapid growth in the consumer lending space. Peerform will operate out of the Versara Lending offices. Founded in 2010, Peerform had raised $5.3 million in venture funding from Corporest Development. Daily fantasy sports companies FanDuel and Draftkings merged into a single company No financial terms of the deal were disclosed. When the deal closes, DraftKings CEO Jason Robins will become CEO of the newly combined company, while FanDuel CEO Nigel Eccles will become Chairman of the Board. The rest of the Board will be composed of three directors from DraftKings, three directors from FanDuel and one independent director, none of whom have been named at this time. The combined company will be co-headquartered in New York and Boston. DraftKings and FanDuel revealed that they will remain separate, standalone companies through the 2017 NFL season, while the deal is being finalized. Once the  transaction, which is expected to close in 2017, is done, it's not clear which brand it will be operating under.  Founded in 2011, Draftkings has raised just under $600 million from 21st Century Fox, Atlas Venture, FirstMark Capital, GGV Capital, Major League Baseball Ventures, Major League Soccer, National Hockey League and Melo7 Tech Partners, among others. FanDuel has raised over $416 million from KKR, Google Capital, Time Warner/Turner Sports, Shamrock Capital, NBC Sports Ventures, Comcast Ventures, Pentech Ventures, Piton Capital and Bullpen Capital. Ivie & Associates, a provider of marketing solutions acquired BuzzShift, a digital strategy agency. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  BuzzShift is a Google Premier Partner headquartered in Dallas with 24 employees. Foumders Cameron Gawley and Eddy Badrina will continue to oversee BuzzShift’s current client base as well as support Ivie’s ongoing expansion into SEM, social media advertising, digital content creation and conversion optimization. Founded in 2010, BuzzShift’s client roster spans industries includes Verizon, Evernote, Everlane, Twilio, and RISE. Warner Bros. signed an agreement to acquire Machinima, a global programming service focused on fandom and gamer culture. No financial terms of were disclosed.  Machinima will operate as a wholly owned part of Warner Bros. Digital Networks, a division founded in June 2016 to grow the Studio’s digital and OTT offerings.  As part of Time Warner’s overall strategy to reach audiences directly through company-owned current and yet-be-launched OTT services, WBDN works closely with Time Warner’s divisions Turner and HBO. Founded in 2000, Machinima had raised $91.55 million in funding from Google, MK Capital, Raine Vetures, Redpoint, and Warner Bros. among others. ABRY Partners, a private equity firm, acquired Nuspire Networks, a provider of managed security services. The price was $35 million. Founded in 1999, Nuspire's Service Level Agreements take responsibility to provide 24/7/365 protection to enterprise networks with geographically dispersed locations. Antares Capital served as administrative agent. JFrog, a DevOps accelerator, acquired Conan, an open source C/C++ package manager. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  The acquisition represents a strategic move by the company to expand the functionality of its platform of DevOps tools, and to support one of the most significant programming languages available. Diego Rodriguez-Losada and Luis Martínez de Bartolomé, primary OSS contributors, will join the JFrog team to build new C/C++ capabilities into JFrog's existing and new products - Artifactory, Bintray, Xray, and Mission Control. LiveRamp, a provider of omnichannel identity resolution, entered into definitive purchase agreements to acquire Arbor and Circulate, two companies that publishers connect people-based data to the marketing ecosystem. The two companies were bought for approximately $140 million. Arbor and Circulate double LiveRamp's publisher partnerships to more than 450 and bring strong "mobile-first" technology, international reach, and impressive teams to LiveRamp. Founded in 2004, Arbor had raised $9.05 millon from from Canaan Partners, First Round, FoundersGuild, Great Oaks Venture Capital, Jim Payne, Nat Turner and Zach Weinberg. Founded in 2009, Circulate had raised $17.4 million from Aol Ventures, Auren Hoffman, Bullpen Capital, Chris Dixon, Felicis Ventures, First Round, Great Oaks Venture Capital, NAV.VC, Roger Ehrenberg and Shervin Pishevar. Togetherwork, a provider of group management software and payments, acquired CircuiTree, a provider of camp management software. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  CircuiTree will become an independent operating company within Togetherwork, with veteran manager and camp expert, Tom Newberry serving as President. Founded in 2006, CircuiTree serves more than 500,000 campers annually.  Advent International, a private equity investor, acquired a majority stake in Ansira Partners, a data-driven, technology-enabled marketing solutions provider. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  Advent acquired its stake from KRG Capital Partners in partnership with the company’s management who will continue to retain a substantial ownership position in the company. Ansira’s management team will continue to lead the company following completion of the transaction. Advent independent Operating Partner Dan Springer will assume the role of Chairman of Ansira’s Board of Directors. The acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to be completed by the end of 2016. M&A advisory firm AdMedia Partners acted as exclusive financial advisor. Inmar, an operater of intelligent commerce networks, entered into a definitive agreement for to acquire Collective Bias, a provider of shopper-focused influencer marketing. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed. Collective Bias will retain its name and operate as its own entity; Bill Sussman, President and CEO of Collective Bias, will remain as President, and will take on additional responsibilities as an SVP at Inmar, and report directly to Inmar Chairman and CEO David Mounts. Founded in 2009, Collective Bias has 145 employees. In 2015, the company generated 2 billion impressions. The company had raised $11 million in funding. LendingTree, an online lending exchange, acquired Iron Horse Holdings, which does business under the name CompareCards, an online source for side-by-side credit card comparison, comprehensive credit education and credit health management. The purchase has a possible total consideration of $130 million. The price consists of $85 million in cash at closing and contingent consideration payments of up to $22.5 million in each of 2017 and 2018, subject to achieving specified growth targets. Founded in 2004, CompareCards delivered revenue of $54.1 million and EBITDA of $11.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Vista Point Advisors, a San Francisco based boutique investment bank, acted as the exclusive financial advisor to CompareCards. Avnet, a distributer of electronic components, acquired a majority interest in Hackster, a community for hardware hackers. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  The acquisition is the first step of a two part transaction in which Avnet will acquire the remainder of the company in January 2017. Hackster engages with nearly 90 technology partners, and maintains 100 Hackster Live ambassadors that support a network consisting of close to 200,000 engineers, makers and hobbyists. Founded in 2013, Hackster raised funding from SOSV. Globant , a digitally native technology services company, acquired L4, a digital services company. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  With this acquisition, Globant expands its US footprint leveraging L4's presence in Seattle. Founded in 2008, L4 has 65 employees. It's clients including Sesame Workshop, Seattle Cancer Care Alliance, Chicago Public Media and Sony Pictures Television. To date, L4 products have been downloaded more than 100 million times. The company had raised money from Omnes Venture Capital, OTC Asset Management and Seventure Partners. (Image source: hotelmilosantabarbara.com) Permalink <span>Send</span> Related companies, investors and entrepreneurs Fanduel Startup/Business Description: Hubdub Ltd is a VC funded start-up based in Edinburgh and San Francisco that aims to be the world&rsquo;s largest developer of premium ... Room 77, Inc. Startup/Business Description: Room 77 is a fast and powerful search and booking engine that offers the most advanced hotel shopping experience on the Web. Travelers ca... Related news It's official: FanDuel and DraftKings are becoming one The company will be run by DraftKings CEO Jason Robins, with FanDuel CEO Nigel Eccles as Chairman Financial trends and news by Steven Loeb ContextMedia buys patient education media co. AccentHealth The acquisition will put ContextMedia's digital solution into 55,000 healthcare locations Financial trends and news by Steven Loeb Hulu buys Video Genome Project for better recommendations The company will incorporate the company's data into its recommendation system early next year Financial trends and news by Steven Loeb Facebook acquires facial image analysis startup FacioMetrics FacioMetrics technology will be used for masks and other photos and video effects Financial trends and news by Steven Loeb Sprinklr acquires Little Bird to find Twitter influencers Little Bird's helps businesses find influencers in their field and follow those conversations Financial trends and news by Steven Loeb Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Programs Vator Splash Health 2017 We believe drivers of change come from new ideas and new startups! And we believe today's startups are driving the digital ... Learn more » Enter now! VatorNews Featured Stories Meet angel investor Dan Scheinman by Steven Loeb It's official: FanDuel and DraftKings are becoming one by Steven Loeb Snapchat said to have filed a confidential IPO by Steven Loeb Apple is developing its own smart glasses by Steven Loeb Meet John Durant, General Partner at Wild Ventures by Ronny Kerr Peter Thiel's bet on Trump is paying off by Steven Loeb Other episodes of this series M&A roundup - week ending 11/12/16 Weekly M&A Roundup by Steven Loeb Adobe bought TubeMogul; Google acquired Leapdroid; Facebook acquired CrowdTangle M&A roundup - week ending 11/5/16 Weekly M&A Roundup by Steven Loeb Spotify acquired Preact; Intel bought VOKE and NAVinci; Broadcom purchased Brocade M&A roundup - week ending 10/29/16 Weekly M&A Roundup by Steven Loeb AT&T bought Time Warner; Groupon acquired LivingSocial; Google purchased Eyefluence M&A roundup - week ending 10/22/16 Weekly M&A Roundup by Steven Loeb Cisco acquired Worklife; Razer bought THX; Proofpoint purchased FireLayers M&A roundup - week ending 10/15/16 Weekly M&A Roundup by Steven Loeb Googe bought FameBit; Morningstar acquired PitchBook; Innofactor purchased Lumagate See all Weekly M&A Roundup episodes » © 2012 Vator, Inc. Events About Careers Contact Directory Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Sunday, November 20, 2016  |  Safar 20, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Ahmed Al Mazroei at his innovation centre in Mussaffah. Delores Johnson / The National #UAEinnovators: The future takes shape through innovation - what Ahmed Al Mazroei did next Mustafa Alrawi November 19, 2016 Updated: November 20, 2016 02:38 PM Related #UAEinnovators: Etihad on efficiency path thanks to technology Innovation Week is a great opportunity Successful innovation comes from an area of real strength Emirati innovator forges his own path to success - video Ahmed Al Mazroei named The National’s top UAE innovator Ahmed Al Mazroei has set up 1,000 square metres of space in Mussaffah dedicated to the future. And he knows what that future will look like. At the heart of Mr Al Mazroei’s new innovation centre is the motto that while anyone can get an idea off the ground, it is where you land that matters. He wants the next generation of Emirati entrepreneurs to understand how important it is to have a clear vision. It is this clarity of thinking that has helped him to be recognised as one of the country’s brightest minds. In June last year, Mr Al Mazroei was named The National’s top innovator for entrepreneurship. It was the culmination of the #UAEinnovators series of stories about the country’s most innovative business owners as nominated by our readers. The self-educated inventor’s innovative mind was clearly on display at his Mussaffah factory floor through a myriad of robotic and electronic concepts brought to life. The National highlighted our knowledge economy as part of the coverage of The Year of Innovation. Since then the call by Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid, Vice President and Ruler of Dubai, to foster a culture of innovation in the UAE has been put into action. For example last year, the Ministry of Education began to implement classes in entrepreneurship and innovation as part of an optional curriculum at three federal and 12 private universities. As of next year these will be compulsory for all students in their second or third years. And Dh2 billion has been earmarked from next year’s federal budget to support government innovation through the establishment of the Mohammed bin Rashid Innovation Fund to help inventors. This is part of the necessary preparation of future generations for what the World Economic Forum founder Klaus Schwab calls the Fourth Industrial Revolution – the technologically-led transformation of business and society that will require a new type of workforce. _________________________________ ■ During UAE Innovation Week give us your thoughts about this critical area for our country’s development, by email, Twitter, Facebook or Instagram, using the hashtag #UAEinnovators _________________________________ According to Sam Blatteis, public policy manager at Google Mena: "The innovation economy has become a realm of creativity and wild ideas. We think youth in the UAE can become a major part of it". This has been in evidence at the Google Innovation Hub in Ras Al Khaimah which, since opening in December 2014, has had an impact on youth attitudes toward innovation, "seeing a contagious enthusiasm to learn", Mr Blatteis said. Schools have sent their teachers there for training, started their own robotics clubs and planned their own innovation hubs after Google gave them access to cutting-edge technologies such as robotics, 3D printing, drone building and software coding at the RAK centre. "We’ve had female youth driving to the hub over two hours each day to take electronics classes for the first time. Incubators and accelerators have also requested to develop their science, technology, engineering and mathematics [Stem] programmes based on the hub’s Stem programmes," he said. Mr Al Mazroei has also been helping to grow this ecosystem, providing training to school-age children and and speaking at events around the country – all the while building and developing new inventions at his innovation centre. "This whole place is an R&D lab," he said. Dedicating three of his Saturdays a month, Mr Al Mazroei teaches the kids about robotics, space-related science, electronics and solar applications at his innovation centre. He has also helped seven- to 10-year-olds develop their inventions. The best one was from an eight-year-old schoolgirl, he said, a robot rubbish bin that brings itself to you. It has pot­ential applications for the dis­abled and in the healthcare sector, according to Mr Al Mazroei. A Majlis of Innovation – a kind of Batcave deep within the innovation centre itself where Mr Al Mazroei comes up with problem-solving ideas – connects to a bright white room for demonstrating inventions which in turn is attached to an R&D lab where his team sit. It is an inspiring place. His higher media profile since winning The National innovation award helped to convince business licensing authorities in Abu Dhabi that opening an innovation centre was something worthwhile. Mr Al Mazroei said that the support of Hamed bin Zayed was also critical. Like his father, he is keen to help those advancing the country’s efforts in the areas of technology and innovation. "Let what you do speak for you, that is one thing Sheikh Zayed used to say," Mr Al Mazroei said. He has also found his way into the government school curriculum, his inventions and story appearing in school textbooks for science and business studies. Since he was a boy he has shown a talent for invention and a passion for hard work. A 550-horsepower "sport buggy, car", camel racing robots, a device for falcon training, reconnaissance robots, aerial drones – just some of the things he has built – many of them award-winning. He promises to reveal something even more exciting at the Idex defence exhibition in Abu Dhabi in February. Toyota has also signed him up to help promote the merits of its hybrid Prius among the petrolheads of the Gulf. Still technology is rapidly evolving around him, from the rise of autonomous vehicles and artificial intelligence to the expanding applications of virtual reality. How can a one-man enterprise, no matter how brilliant, keep up with the changing tides? "I move with the wind, I move with the current, that way I do not get left behind," he said. malrawi@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related #UAEinnovators: Etihad on efficiency path thanks to technology Innovation Week is a great opportunity Successful innovation comes from an area of real strength Emirati innovator forges his own path to success - video More Economy US anti-dumping charge on UAE steel pipe imports a sign of more protectionist times Talal Al Zain to head new Islamic investment bank in Abu Dhabi #UAEinnovators: LoadMe truck-sharing platform to expand into Arabic and Urdu Limits to globalisation becoming apparent MOST VIEWED Business | All Can former UAE resident return with outstanding bank loan? Abu Dhabi bank shares fall as merger talks are denied Demand for Dubai luxury property dips; recovery not expected until 2017, says Cluttons Etihad economy to Cairo pays off Delta Air Lines urges Washington to think again over Aeromexico plan How Opec’s leaders can smash the Texas upstarts #UAEinnovators: LoadMe truck-sharing platform to expand into Arabic and Urdu US anti-dumping charge on UAE steel pipe imports a sign of more protectionist times #UAEinnovators: Etihad on efficiency path thanks to technology More Most Viewed Accidents across Dubai and standstill on Sheikh Zayed Road Helping Hands: An elderly man whose sole carer faces jail over hospital bills F1 cars arrive in Abu Dhabi ahead of grand prix Local resistance is the way to stop ISIL impetus Can former UAE resident return with outstanding bank loan? Abu Dhabi bank shares fall as merger talks are denied UAE National Day and Commemoration Day holidays for public and private sector Demand for Dubai luxury property dips; recovery not expected until 2017, says Cluttons Etihad economy to Cairo pays off More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS UAE megaprojects 2016 – in pictures President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Beats on the Beach 2016: all you need to know about the three-day musical event A vision for a cashless India About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
null
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Science Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More 19 November 2016, 9:53 am EST By Anu Passary Tech Times Galaxy Note 7 vs Galaxy Note 5: Should You Upgrade?Now Playing Latest News And Scoops On SmartphoneNow Playing Even as new flagships from Apple, Google and OnePlus are luring consumers, we check out some top-end smartphones that will be worth the wait in 2017. The iPhone 8, Samsung Galaxy S8 and LG G6 are just some of them.  ( Chris McGrath | Getty Images ) Advertisement Even as holiday shoppers gear up for some fantastic discounts on smartphones this Thanksgiving, they may wonder if they should buy the current-gen models now at a discount or wait for the next-gen impending handsets. We take a look at some of the best upcoming smartphones in 2017 — the iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, One Plus 4, LG G6, Galaxy Note 8 and Galaxy S8. iPhone 8 And iPhone 8 Plus The 4.7-inch iPhone 8 and 5.5-inch iPhone 8 Plus are expected to debut in the second half of 2017 and will house several firsts per rumors. The next-gen iPhone — the tenth anniversary special — is speculated to have an OLED screen instead of the LCD one. The display is rumored to be a curved one. It is also anticipated to offer support for wireless charging and may have an iris scanner, as well as lose a Home button. The iPhone 8 is also tipped to house a faster A11 processor, but the chip will not be produced by Samsung but TSMC. The iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus are also rumored to boast a new form factor — no bezels and curved edges. The devices are also said to tout an all-glass back. A new patent also hinted at the possibility of the next-gen iPhones offering support for gesture control. Samsung Galaxy S8 Rumors pertaining to Samsung's next flagship have been surfacing online for a while now. The Galaxy S8 — the successor of the Galaxy S7 — has apparently been given the codename Dream. However, unlike its predecessor, the Galaxy S8 will be available in a curved screen option alone. The handset is anticipated to tout a 4K screen, a pixel density of 806 ppi and may pack in a 10nm Exynos 8895 SoC. The Galaxy S8 could possibly include the Mali-G71 GPU from ARM. The smartphone may also offer support for Force Touch display and its very own AI assistant called Bixby. The Galaxy S8 is also expected to have no Home button. The smartphone is said to have a "slick design" and a new camera as affirmed by the company's vice president. The Galaxy S8 may also have an optical fingerprint scanner embedded into the device's home screen. The Galaxy S8 is expected to make its appearance in February 2017 at the MWC. The latest buzz is that the smartphone will come in two sizes — a 5.7-inch and a 6.2-inch version to win back Galaxy Note 7 customers. OnePlus 4 Another much-awaited handset in 2017 is the OnePlus 4 which is rumored to sport a 5.5-inch OLED screen which may be a flexible one. The resolution of the display will be an improvement from the OnePlus 3 and is rumored to be 2,560 x 1,440 pixels. The OnePlus 4 will offer support for NFC and house a Snapdragon 830 CPU, as well as 8 GB of RAM. Rumors hint at either a 21 MP or 23 MP primary snapper and either a 16 MP or 12 MP selfie camera. It may have a dual-camera setup with AR/MR support. The OnePlus 4 will apparently offer 128 GB of on-board storage, as well as microSD support (256 GB). The handset will apparently come with Oxygen OS with Android Nougat out of the box. The OnePlus 4 is rumored to debut in April or May 2017. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 The debacle of its Galaxy Note 7 notwithstanding, Samsung is forging ahead to redeem itself with the next-gen Galaxy Note 8. The company has already supposedly got LG on board to make the batteries for its Galaxy S8 and could take the same route for the Galaxy Note 8. Like the Galaxy Note 7, the successor will apparently tout a 5.7-inch screen but with a 4K display. Under the hood, the Galaxy Note 8 may house either the impending Snapdragon 830 CPU or the Exynos 8895 processor. While the Note 7 housed 4 GB of RAM, consumers would be hoping for a bump up to 6 GB or 8 GB of RAM. The handset will likely offer support for fingerprint and iris scanners as well. The Galaxy Note 8 may also house its speaker in the S Pen stylus per a new patent. The Galaxy Note 8 is expected to debut in the second half of 2017. LG G6 The LG G6 — the successor of the LG G5 — is rumored to come with a 4K display, but may stick to the 5.3-inch screen size. It too was said to be packing in a curved OLED screen instead of LCD, which seems to be the new trend for 2017 smartphones, but reports suggested that it had canceled the plans. The LG G6 is also rumored to be discarding the modular design it used for the LG G5. A new and exciting feature for the LG G6 is the iris scanner, which will be welcomed by users. Under the hood, it could house the Snapdragon 830 CPU and 6 GB of RAM. It will likely come with a bigger battery, a dual-camera setup like the LG G5 and Android Nougat. The LG G6 is expected to be unveiled at the MWC 2017 in February and may hit the shelves a month later. TAG Upcoming Smartphones 2017, Best Android Phones 2017, Apple, LG, Samsung, OnePlus © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles LG G6 Specs, Features, Price And Release Date Rumors: Everything We Know So Far About The LG G5 Successor Samsung Galaxy Note 8: Specs And Features We Want To See [Exploding Battery Not Included] Samsung Galaxy S8 Testing Will Reportedly Start In January OnePlus 4 vs. Apple iPhone 8: Specs And Features Comparison Of Upcoming Flagship Smartphones iPhone 8 Specs Rumors: Upcoming iPhone's Wireless Charging Technology Will Make You Go Wow From Our Sponsor Five Reasons You Should Buy An iPhone 6s And Not iPhone 7 The iPhone 7 has hit the stores but iPhone 6s still makes a compelling buy. Here's why. SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Google Here's How To Fix The Google Pixel And Pixel XL Lens Flare Issue 2 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Android 7.0 Nougat Update For Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy Tab S2 In The Works: Release Imminent? Advertisement 4 Apple Black Friday 2016 Best Deals On iPhone And iPad From Best Buy, Walmart, Target And More 5 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech HTC 10 Running Android 7.0 Nougat Spotted, Update Coming In December 6 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech HTC Black Friday 2016 Deals: Massive Savings On HTC 10, RE Camera, One M9, One A9 And More 7 Gadgets Best PlayStation 4 Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deals Kick Off On Target, Best Buy, Walmart, Costco And Kohl's: Whose PS4 Price Is Lowest? 8 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 9 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' vs. 'Pokémon Moon': Here Are The Differences To Help You Decide Which Version To Buy 10 Video Games PS4 Pro Owners Are Getting $10 In PSN Credits Out Of Nowhere: Did You Get Yours? EDITOR'S PICKS Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Advertise 12 Reasons We're SO Thankful This Year Entrepreneur November 19, 2016 Leave a Comment Entrepreneur Anna CroweNovember 19, 2016 SEJ STAFF 319SHARES 97READS 319SHARES 97READS SEJ STAFFAnna Crowe 319SHARES 97READS Sure, everyone is thankful for fall-themed cocktails and the return of the Starbucks red cups. But, as you all gather around to feast on your Friendsgiving potluck and gorge your food-baby, I want to know what you’re thankful for this year. To keep to tradition, I set out to ask the SEJ team what we are thankful for this year. Although it may seem like we’re always on Facebook Live or organizing another SEJ Summit here, we’re actually a global group of techies who are very much like yourselves – though we love us some SEO news, we know the things that matter most in life can’t be announced on Google Webmaster Central Blog. From new babies that made us all smile to gifs that allow us to get a few new laughs on Slack (and little leftovers like roadways free of water that I’ll never take for granted post-Hurricane Matthew), here are the 9 things the SEJ team is thankful for this year. And don’t forget to let us know what you’re thankful for this year too, below in the comments! “The internet, for giving me the ability to pay my bills and keeping me connected in a way that still feels like magic. Animal snuggles and a supportive family. NPR Politics Podcast, for keeping me informed and amused during the craziest campaign season ever. GIFs, obviously.” — Caitlin Rulien, Social Producer @sayscaitlin  “I’m thankful for so much but two things stand out: 1) The SEJ team’s strong and trustful bond, which has taken years to develop and evolve. There is nothing more critical to progress in a small and distributed team like ours. 2) Our team members’ positive embrace of feedback. Sheryl Sandberg recently said the ability to take feedback well is the most important trait an employee can have, and I find this to be so true. This is a hallmark of the “growth mindset” which we’ve worked hard to thread into our company culture.” — Jenise Henrikson, CEO @itsduhnise “The biggest “thank” is my son was born! Regarding career, I am thankful to SEJ for being such a great team!” — Vahan Petrosyan, Senior Developer @vahandev  “I am thankful to work with an amazing team that supports my growth and gives me room to make mistakes and try new strategies. As a parent, I am grateful to work for a company that values a balance between working and family. I simply could not ask for anything more than the opportunity to watch my little girl grow and do work that is both empowering and fun.” — Danielle Antosz, Features Editor @dantosz “About 9 months ago, I started training Jiu-Jitsu and met my coach Manny Soares, who quickly became by best friend. Manny’s and his wife Carol’s friendship, my Jiu Jitsu family (Garra BJJ), and training 6 days a week have helped me through one of the hardest times of my life. OSS!” — Brent Csutoras, Chief Social Media Strategist @brentcsutoras “Thankful for all the blessings. I am also thankful for my family – for each and every one of them. For my friends, for their love and support. I am also very grateful to be a part of the SEJ team.” — Meg Cabrera, Editorial & Research Assistant @megcabrera “The positivity and perseverance of the SEJ team to always want to do better; TSA pre-check; and texting, which has allowed me to stay in touch with my family and friends as we go through medical issues, childbirth, happy moments, and more.” — Kelsey Jones, Executive Editor @wonderwall7 “I’m thankful for all the opportunities I’ve been given this year. I’m thankful for the chance to try, fail, and succeed on those opportunities. As a new member of SEJ, I’m thankful to be part of the team and the community.” — Rina Caballar @rinadianewrites “Always thankful for family and friends :).” — Jessica Cromwell, Director of Sales & Events @jrdoog “I am thankful for the fact that Google has been more transparent this year, with respect to Algo updates and providing information about what’s going on behind the scenes of Google Search. This has been a tremendous benefit when it comes to helping SEOs and site owners stay on top of their game.” — Matt Southern, Lead News Writer @mattgsouthern “I very thankful for the blessings I received this year and I got back to my good health. I am also thankful to my family and SEJ family for the love and support. I am very grateful for being part of this great team!” — Paulo Bobita, Director of Design @paobobita “This year has been one of the most challenging years I’ve had so far. I wouldn’t be able to get through it without my mom and dad. They have made me this quirky, driven person I am today. My friends and our childish inside jokes make me laugh every day.  My two low rider basset hounds, Norman and Mabel that cuddle me unconditionally, even without treats hidden in my pocket. And, I’m so incredibly thankful for the opportunities that have come my way thanks to SEJ. SEJ has given me a home and something to build on for my future. I’m so thankful to be a part of such a talented, amazing team. Thank you to everyone! Cheers to another awesome year!” — Anna Crowe, Features Writer @annaleacrowe So, while some of you may be saying turkey, schmurkey, I know the warm, full of fall feeling you all get from taking a moment to remember what matters most to us. Tell me below in the comments what you’re thankful for this season. And, who knows? Maybe we’ll even start our own Thanksgiving tradition. Image Credits Featured Image: Deposit Photos / vetkit In-Post Photo 1: Screenshots taken by Caitlin Rulien. Taken November 2016.  In-Post Photo 2:Photo by Danielle Antosz. Used with permission.   In-Post Photo 3: Screenshots taken by Anna Crowe. Taken November 2016.  Related Posts Google’s Search Market Share Down in Year-Over-Year Numbers The Top 10 Winners in Organic Search Growth Year-Over-Year 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 13 Things You Should Know About the ‘Word of the Year’ – Selfie Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Anna Crowe Features Writer at Hello Anna & Co. Anna is the Features Writer for Search Engine Journal and an SEO-whisperer at Hello Anna & Co. Over the last 5 years, Anna has successfully... Read Full Bio @annaleacrowe +Anna Crowe Latest posts by Anna Crowe (see all) 12 Reasons We’re SO Thankful This Year - November 19, 2016 8 Tips for E-Commerce Holiday Marketing Success - November 16, 2016 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 - November 7, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Kerry Jones on Creating Content Around Hot Button Topics See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 7.4K reads 10/30/2016 2 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 5.1K reads 11/7/2016 3 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 5.1K reads 11/7/2016 4 100 Amazing Women Marketers to Follow on Twitter 3.5K reads 11/7/2016 5 6 SEO Pricing Factors Where Your Ignorance can be Deadly 3.2K reads 10/24/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 3 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 4 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School 5 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Does Facebook Live Increase Engagement and Website Traffic? [STUDY] Related Posts 1 Google’s Search Market Share Down in Year-Over-Year Numbers 2 The Top 10 Winners in Organic Search Growth Year-Over-Year 3 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 4 2014 A Big Year For Google Photos: Adobe Photoshop Veteran Moves To Google Photo Team [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Google says the Pixel’s security features are ‘better, faster’ and ‘stronger’ than other devices November 19, 2016 Download the OnePlus 3T’s beautiful wallpapers before they’re officially available November 18, 2016 Apple lowers price of iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ repair to $189 CAD November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Microsoft reveals collection of awesome Xbox Store Black Friday deals November 18, 2016 Eastlink releases new ‘Worry-Free Data’ tool for limiting unexpected overages November 18, 2016 Snapchat now allows users to use Bitmojis in custom geofilters November 18, 2016 Drinkbox Studios’ Severed takes home best mobile game at Canadian Video Game Awards November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Public Mobile to offer SIMs at three locations today and tomorrow November 18, 2016 CRTC and FCC sign agreement to work together to block robocalls and spoofing November 17, 2016 Bell Canada hacker sentenced to four years in American prison November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 4 technology promises 5 hours of use for 5 minutes of charging November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Airbnb’s Trips wants to be your new Travel agency November 17, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Google says the Pixel’s security features are ‘better, faster’ and ‘stronger’ than other devices November 19, 2016 Download the OnePlus 3T’s beautiful wallpapers before they’re officially available November 18, 2016 Apple lowers price of iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ repair to $189 CAD November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Microsoft reveals collection of awesome Xbox Store Black Friday deals November 18, 2016 Eastlink releases new ‘Worry-Free Data’ tool for limiting unexpected overages November 18, 2016 Snapchat now allows users to use Bitmojis in custom geofilters November 18, 2016 Drinkbox Studios’ Severed takes home best mobile game at Canadian Video Game Awards November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Public Mobile to offer SIMs at three locations today and tomorrow November 18, 2016 CRTC and FCC sign agreement to work together to block robocalls and spoofing November 17, 2016 Bell Canada hacker sentenced to four years in American prison November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 4 technology promises 5 hours of use for 5 minutes of charging November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Airbnb’s Trips wants to be your new Travel agency November 17, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Google says the Pixel’s security features are ‘better, faster’ and ‘stronger’ than other devices SyrupDrop Nov. 18: Is Amazon Prime Video coming to Canada? Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement Mike Simpson November 19, 2016 11:00am As a Galaxy Note user who finds a stylus invaluable, I’ve been short of alternatives to Samsung’s productivity-oriented phablet since the Note 7 was recalled. Going back to an earlier generation of Galaxy Note wasn’t appealing because the Note 5 lacks expandable storage and even a used Note 4 retails at around $450 CAD on eBay. Thankfully, a contributor to MobileSyrup‘s forums put me on to LG’s Stylo 2 Plus, which seems to have been overlooked in press coverage as an option for Note 7 owners looking to replace their defunct device with something similar. That’s a surprising oversight because the Stylo 2 Plus is a lot like the Note 7, albeit at a price that suggests its specs don’t match up to those of Samsung’s failed flagship. Sure enough, the Stylo 2 Plus is not a premium phone. Yet, no-one should expect it to be. At around $300 in Canada, it costs a third of the price of the Note 7 if bought outright. Since it was only released this summer and still has some decent specs, however, it’s not to be ignored. In the month that I’ve been using a Stylo 2 Plus after returning my Note 7, it has done enough to satisfy my note-taking habitat and be an impressive mid-range phablet to boot. It has a stylus This feature isn’t as elegantly implemented as Samsung’s S-Pen because the stylus itself feels more fragile and LG’s palm rejection technology isn’t perfect. Still, the stylus sits in a slot in the top of the phone so it is unlikely to fall out. Also, LG’s QuickMemo+ software works well enough and its Pen Pop feature is a good match for the screen overlay the S-Pen produced on the Note 7. The Stylo 2 Plus, like the Note 7, also offers Screen-Off Memo note-taking, which allows you to write notes on a black screen without unlocking the phone. It has a removable battery The Stylo 2 Plus isn’t waterproof but I’ve dropped a phone in water before so I’m extra careful. Having a removable battery means its plastic back feels cheap but it’s reassuring to know that my phone won’t run out of juice at a crucial time if I have a spare battery to hand. Although LG doesn’t advertise fast charging, the included battery does collect a charge surprisingly quickly when using a fast charging mains adapter. Moreover, the battery’s part number matches those sold for LG’s V10 handset so spares are readily available on eBay. The Stylo 2 Plus doesn’t come with wireless charging but I was told by LG Customer Support in an online chat that this feature can be added using a wireless charging sticker. I ordered one designed for the V10 on Amazon but it hadn’t arrived in time for this review. I’ll add an update here when I’ve tested it. The phone does, however only come equipped with 16GB of internal storage, which is below the latest premium smartphone standards and way below the Note 7’s 64GB. Still, it does have a microSD card slot and LG’s specs say this can accept cards with a capacity of up to 2TB, just like the Note 7. The screen is big, but… At 5.7-inches, the display on the Stylo 2 Plus is the same size as the Note 7’s. Less impressive on paper is its full HD resolution, which is a step down from the 1440 x 2560 pixel display of the Note 7. It’s also IPS LCD rather than Super AMOLED and has Gorilla Glass 3 rather than Gorilla Glass 5 scratch resistance. My view on screen resolution is that the pixel counts on the newest premium phones aren’t worth the drain on the battery. It’s debatable whether you notice a difference even on a phablet because the tiny details that can be rendered at higher resolutions are too small to see on a 6-inch screen. Even though the Stylo 2 Plus only has a full HD resolution, the graphics in Freeblade and Asphalt 8 looked bright and sharp so 1080p is good enough for me. None of the major carriers in British Columbia offer the LG Stylo 2 Plus so I bought it unlocked on Amazon.ca. All I had to do was insert my Telus SIM card and enter the correct APN settings to get it working on Telus voice and data networks, including 4G LTE. It does multitasking LG’s proprietary QSLIDE feature, which allows you to run windowed apps on top of full-screen apps, is poorly implemented. The QSLIDE apps that LG has included can be accessed easily from the customizable navigation buttons along the bottom of the screen but they only include stock apps such as E-mail, Calendar, Calculator and Messaging. What’s more, you can’t add apps to the QSLIDE feature to make them run in windowed mode. The feature doesn’t appear to have caught on with developers, either, so third-party QSLIDE apps are practically non-existent in the app store. What does work well is Dual Window mode, which allows you to run two apps on screen side-by-side in portrait or landscape orientation. LG’s Quick Cover is a wraparound case like Samsung’s S-View except that it shows notifications such as the time, date and battery level in a narrow window that runs from the top to the bottom. As with many things LG, the implementation could be more polished — the notifications don’t stay on screen long enough to read and you can only reactivate them by opening the case, which defeats the point. Having said that, this case does add class to the Stylo 2’s uninspired appearance and lets you answer calls and control music playback when it’s closed. Buttons are on the back Okay, this is not so great. Having the power and volume rocker on the back of the phone takes some getting used to because you have to feel for where they are. I’ve lost count of how many times I’ve turned off the screen when trying to adjust the volume. It’s relatively cheap At only $305 CAD plus tax on Amazon, the Stylo 2 Plus cost me less than I received with my Note 7 refund and left no outstanding device balance to pay off. Admittedly, what I’ve got for this is an inferior front camera that has a slow response time and poor low light performance; an average processor in the octa-core 1.4 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 and only 2GB of RAM (the last two of these might explain why the Stylo 2 Plus hangs at times and seems to be slow at opening some apps). These are flaws I can live with, though. Ultimately, the LG Stylo 2 Plus is a compromise I wouldn’t accept if the Galaxy Note 7 was still in circulation. Having said that, it has proven to be good enough for everyday use and even mobile gaming that places high demands on graphics performance. In fact, considering the price tag, it’s terrific value. Instead of getting a $100 bill credit by switching over to a Galaxy S7 Edge that doesn’t have a stylus, I can still write on my screen and I’ve got $700 CAD left to spend on something else. Techguru86 Yet it was never explained how is the software ? Does the Stylo have too much bloatware, will it ever see future updates ? Sachin Bahal At least it’s running Android 6.0 Marshmallow and I think there’s a 50/50 chance that it gets Nougat (but not until 2017) Mo Dabbas I think there is almost a 0 chance it getting any updates. ShadowFalls Many thought similar of its predecessor, but it got Marshmallow. David Berry Cheap & better than tge 1st 2or3 stylus phones lg have tried. At leatst its 1080 p which for an artist means a lot. Its the one true way that you can use the 2k resolution & actually have it nake a huge difference. Those tiny pixels add up to way more detail with tge right app like infinite.clover. layer paint hd or mangadraw.or arrtrage sketchbook pro or the others that have good setups for digi artists. If only lg would bump this up a little & get some wacom or penabled pressure sensitivity & decent palm rejection. At least its thinner than the 1st and not a smaller dumb rubber pointer stylus. Its a bit of a step 4ward over the other models. Id almost say that a galaxy tab a10 with s pen & a gear s3 frontier would be my choice to replace a note 7. That or the trusty note 5 or even 3or 4. No doubt the note 3 would run circles around this even with the 64bit v 32 of the old 800 series. Even a used note 10 2014 with a gear s3 if you carry a bag. You get the big screen the 805 &3gig ram with 2k uhd big screen. Youd still get a bit of change from your 700 but would have a much more compotent set up with ip 68 on the gear & that great 2k screen. Top battery life too. Its odd that a note 10 2014 costs less than a note 3or some note2s even on ebay. Its just a note 4 in a 10inch display with huge battery. If you carry the tab in your bag with you its safe and you take calls through gear connection.then youve got almost all the features of note 7 in a big litte package .awesome for students or artists. XY Tldr dirtyKIMCHI This was an editorial, not a review. Though MS doesn’t normally review many mid-range devices that have been on the market for months, it could be a precursor to an actual review. That being said, Videotron & WIND sell this device (guess Mike is in an area that doesn’t have WIND coverage in BC). Mike Simpson You are right, I am just outside the Wind coverage area in BC. Too bad that, considering they have much better BYOD plans than Telus. Abo M I dont get it you checked Wind, but not Fido… is Fido not more of a major carrier than Wind? Fido Carries the LG Stylo 2 Plus in Ontario, im sure they carry it B.C aswell. Mike Simpson I’ll concede that they are carrying it in BC now. Either it didn’t show up when I was looking a few weeks back or I missed it. Thanks for pointing that out. Matt Your welcome for the tip I gave you about the LG Stylo 2 plus. It is an option instead of the NOTE 7 Mike Simpson Thank you very much, Matt, and my apologies for not citing you directly in the article. George What’s wrong with Note 7? I got 3 and I love them. Rev0lver Most people care more about not being on fire than you obviously. George Fire? What Fire? Rev0lver You have 3 Note 7s (for some reason). A fire’s gonna happen at some point. T Carter All Note 7s in Australia (including the replacement devices) received an update that prevents them being charged more than 60%. 60% battery on the Note 7 makes it risky unusable for me. I’m not sure about other countries. philnolan3d A “Note user who finds the stylus invaluable” doesn’t make any sense. I’m a Note user but if I wanted a stylus I could get any phone with a plastic stick. I got a Note because I wanted a digitizer pen. Travis Pinky Mcdowell id love to know how you can expand the on device storage. Jon Shopping I would also care to have you explain how the Note 5 has expandable storage? External solutions are really not, well, solutions to that problem. Aztecgod106 No it doesn’t…It doesn’t have Micro SD slot. Nor does it come with 256 GB of Storage. monsterduc1000 WOW! I can’t believe “tech” people on this site don’t know that you can get Mobile Wireless Drives that aren’t all that expensive, fit easily in your pocket… or some companies even have cases built to add it to your phone! :O In other words, every phone can use these for expandable storage… They use either wifi or bluetooth to link up. Look it up people. Knowledge is POWER! Mo Dabbas I think people like the note for more than the big screen and stylus. It’s the entire package of the phone. Not only the hardware, but the software that make use of that hardware. This comparison is really off. It’s almost like comparing an iPhone with one of those iPhone knockoffs just because they both have a 4.7″ screen and a round home button. JD Ugh why would anyone settle on this from a Note 7? The least you could do is settle to a Note 5 or an S7e. Or hell a Note 4 is better than this L Morrison $249.99 prepaid at MTS bmax So funny .this phone is garbage .lol you cant put this phone in the sme arena as a note adam S7 and S7 Edge with a powered Adonit Snap Bluetooth pen is still a better interm option then the LG Stylo Aztecgod106 I was thinking the same…and it’s around 50 bucks for the Dash 2. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Advertise Frustrated by Lack of Google Keyword Planner Data? Try the Forecasting Tool News  SEO September 2, 2016 News SEO Matt SouthernSeptember 2, 2016 SEJ STAFF 567SHARES 3.2KREADS 567SHARES 3.2KREADS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 567SHARES 3.2KREADS Google recently made a change to its AdWords Keyword Planner tool, which now delivers ranges of data based on how much you spend on ads and how frequently you use the tool. This means that advertisers with low monthly spend are getting ranges of data instead of exact numbers. For example, if you have been affected by this change, a keyword with 590 searches per month will now display as ‘100–1K’. This change was made to prevent bots from abusing the tool, not to frustrate advertisers. However, that’s exactly what it has done. Being met with ranges of data makes it difficult for advertisers to accurately determine which keyword to target or how much to bid on them. Google’s suggested solution to this? Try using the forecasting feature that’s built-in to Keyword Planner. “While search volume gives you a sense of the market size, other settings such as bid, budget, device, and more, affect how much of this search volume a single advertiser can receive. Forecasts, on the other hand, let you customize these settings for a more comprehensive view of how keywords might perform.” How to Use Forecasting in Google Keyword Planner The forecasting feature in Keyword Planner can assist with determining a budget and selecting keywords by following these steps: Navigate to Keyword Planner and sign in. Select the option to search for new keywords using a phrase, website or category. Enter the keywords you want to look up, and click get ideas. Scroll through the suggested keywords returned by the tool, clicking add to plan on keywords you may want to target. Enter forecasting mode by clicking review plan on the right-hand side of the screen. Once in the forecasting screen, you can glean more keyword data in the following ways: Enter bids and budgets for a detailed forecast of the keywords added to your plan. View forecasts based on location, device, or expected conversion rate. If you’re not satisfied with your forecasts, go back to the drawing board. Click back to search on the top right and look for new keywords to add to your plan. Once satisfied, either download the forecasts or save the plan to your account. Related Posts Google’s Keyword Planner Tool Providing Limited Data to Low Spending Advertisers Big Change to Keyword Planner: Google Restricts Access to Those With AdWords Accounts This Week’s Upgrades to Google’s Keyword Tool: What You Need to Know SEO 101: Google Keyword Planner, A Content Marketer’s Secret Weapon Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) Search and Save for Later With New Bing Update - November 17, 2016 Google: Here’s When Your Favorite TV Shows Are On Next - November 17, 2016 When a Website Has Only Desktop + AMP, Google Will Index Desktop Site - November 17, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   SEO Gape Thanks for sharing… Nice article Greg Moore Oh no, bots are abusing the keyword tool. This is scary. I don’t like abuse. Those horrible, horrible bots. Thank goodness Google is on it. (“Bots” = SEOs who want keyword data.) Helen Baik exactly jbachinski Yeah, except forecasting is only good for predicting clicks from AdWords campaigns. semalaia4n Nice post about the forecasting.And your points are very interesting.Thanks for sharing the post. Michael Miller Because of this limitation from Google, I built a tool KeywordPlanner[dot]Pro that provides exact search volume for FREE. Many find it helpful and request more free features. Vlad Tarabasa Michael Miller you absolute legend! Man you’ve just helped the world out big time dude 🙂 When I become a millionaire with the help of your tool, I’ll send half my profits your way haha Pembicara Internet Marketing I agree with you that keyword analyze is very important for us and also being a part of our search engine optimization ( SEO ) process. But Recently the Google Keyword Planner is not shows the exact search volume anymore (they give us a range number as the result), what I want to ask here is : Do you know some other tools or websites to give us the exact search volume? Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Kerry Jones on Creating Content Around Hot Button Topics See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 7.4K reads 10/30/2016 2 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 5.1K reads 11/7/2016 3 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 5.1K reads 11/7/2016 4 100 Amazing Women Marketers to Follow on Twitter 3.5K reads 11/7/2016 5 6 SEO Pricing Factors Where Your Ignorance can be Deadly 3.2K reads 10/24/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 3 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 4 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School 5 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Does Facebook Live Increase Engagement and Website Traffic? [STUDY] Related Posts 1 Google’s Keyword Planner Tool Providing Limited Data to Low Spending Advertisers 2 Big Change to Keyword Planner: Google Restricts Access to Those With AdWords Accounts 3 This Week’s Upgrades to Google’s Keyword Tool: What You Need to Know 4 SEO 101: Google Keyword Planner, A Content Marketer’s Secret Weapon [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-19 American Music Awards 2016: Live Stream, Performers, Presenters — Everything You Need To Know About The AMAs Entertainment 2016-11-19 Mike Pence Booed At ‘Hamilton’ Appearance: See Video Of The Message The Musical’s Cast Delivered To The Vice President-Elect Entertainment, Movies, News 2016-11-18 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Star Emilia Clarke Is Latest Addition To ‘Han Solo’ Film Entertainment 2016-11-18 Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-20 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream News 2016-11-20 Jessica Whelan Loses Battle With Cancer, Father’s Heartbreaking Photo Brought Awareness To Suffering She Endured News 2016-11-20 Ser Je Da Be Search Update: Missing 13-Year-Old Abducted By 22-Year-Old Ex-Boyfriend And In ‘Extreme Danger,’ Police Say News 2016-11-20 Queen Elizabeth And Prince Philip Celebrate 69 Years Of Marriage Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-20 NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight Sports 2016-11-20 Floyd Mayweather Jr. Vs. Conor McGregor: Celebrities Weigh In On Possible Fight Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ Survival DLC: Gameplay Review Of Vendor Reset For 1.5 Update — Alpha Bridge Weapon Builds Likely The Strongest And Talent Requirements More Attainable Gaming 2016-11-20 10-Ban Drafting System For ‘League Of Legends’ Leaked Sooner Than Expected Gaming 2016-11-20 PS4 Vs. PS4 Pro Graphics: ‘FFXV,’ ‘Uncharted 4,’ ‘Last Of Us’ Performance Examined Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Pokemon Sun’ And ‘Moon’ Players Relentlessly Soft Resetting For Shiny Starters BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald J. Trump Twitter: I Watched ‘SNL’ Last Night, It Is A Totally One-Sided, Biased Show — Nothing Funny At All [Videos] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 Mike Pence And ‘Hamilton’: VP-Elect Booed, Hears A Few Words From The Cast At The Show — Was It Appropriate? [Poll] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 WWII Shipwrecks Vanish From Pacific Ocean: Sunken Dutch, British Warships, And A U.S. Submarine Mysteriously Disappear From Bottom Of Java Sea SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Disney’s New Movie ‘Moana’ Renamed In Italy Because Of Famous Porn Star Movies 0 0 0 November 19, 2016 Disney’s New Movie ‘Moana’ Renamed In Italy Because Of Famous Porn Star Tito Ojo-Medubi Disney’s new movie Moana will be released in Italy under the name Oceania to avoid confusion with a porn star that bears the same name, TMZ is reporting. Moana Pozzi is regarded as Italy’s most popular adult actress. She performed in over 100 movies and sold over 1 million video tapes as a star in the 1980s and 1990s. She died in 1994 at age 33 of liver cancer. In 2007, her husband revealed that he had euthanized her by letting air into her IV. This caused air bubbles to travel to her brain and caused her death. Despite her death, Pozzi is still revered in Italy and graced over 50 major magazine covers during her lifetime. Disney Italy has not commented on the name change. However, an Italian marketing expert revealed it is really a no brainer as to why the name alteration went ahead. According to him, the Walt Disney Company is simply trying to avoid an awkward situation where children would Google the name of the animated flick’s Polynesian princess and have porn videos or a famous Italian adult star pop up in search engine results. “There are two very simple reasons for the title change, one is that if you type ‘Moana’ and do a Google search in Italy you risk coming up with porn videos. And it’s very expensive and a waste of money to try and change that…in any Italian focus group ‘Moana’ is Moana Pozzi the porn star.” This is not the first time that the name of a movie would be changed because of national sensibilities. In 2015, Eye In the Sky, a warfare thriller starring Helen Mirren and Breaking Bad’s Aaron Paul was changed to Invisible Enemy in Latin America. Movie executives expressed concerns that because of the large Catholic population in the region, it could be a reference that God was looking down from above. Moana is due out on Thanksgiving Weekend. However, many Pacific Islanders are far from impressed with the movie because they feel Disney has inaccurately depicted the culture by creating a Polynesian fantasy they can milk for profit. Anne Keala Kelly, a Hawaiian journalist and filmmaker, said she was angry that Polynesia was depicted as a race. “Polynesia isn’t a race and so that already is very problematic. There are millions of people in the Pacific, hundreds of languages.” Disney created a group of academics, anthropologists and experts to help the creative direction of the animated flick. Critics have slammed the initiative for a lack of transparency. Vince Diaz, a professor at the University of Minnesota said different areas from multiple ethnic groups were reeled into the movie to represent one culture which is very wrong. The professor said from the trailer he noticed Fijian music, Tahitian drumming and Samoan tattoos, a same old story that the Pacific exists only to entertain.” “Who gets to authenticate Polynesia especially in a historical context in which Polynesia gets to stand for the entire Pacific? For all the bling, all the eye popping visuals, the beautiful music, amazing colors, it’s the same old story of the Pacific existing to entertain, to mesmerize, to make modern humans feel good about themselves.” Diaz said some Pacific Islanders had expressed concerns to Disney over the cultural misappropriation and were seeking financial compensation. The Minnesota professor said the company had offered a scholarship program of $500,000 for students of Asian and Pacific Island decent. The program, tagged the Asian & Pacific Islander American Scholarship Fund, would provide 150 scholarships in three years. Critics have said it is not good enough considering Disney is worth $85 billion. The upcoming movie stirred another round of controversy when Disney halted the sale of a Maui Halloween costume, a character played by Dwayne Johnson. Critics had slammed the movie giant for portraying brown skin as a costume. The company pulled it down and apologized in a statement. Disney has recalled a Halloween costume for the character "Maui" from their new film Moana after a social justice… https://t.co/q4RkJ4nil1 — Infowar Coalition (@InfoWarPage) September 28, 2016 “The team behind Moana has taken great care to respect the cultures of the Pacific Islands that inspired the film, and we regret that that the Maui costume has offended some.” [Featured Image by Flory/iStockPhoto] Now Watch This: ‘The Avengers’ In Dakota Access Pipeline Protest Message Now Read This: Mark Hamill: Filming ‘Star Wars: Episode VIII’ Is Like ‘Working For The CIA’ Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Tito Ojo-Medubi Tags: disney, Dwayne Johnson, Moana Comments LATEST HEADLINES Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election, Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts A Tucson School Stopped A Kid From Being Bullied – By Kicking Him Out Of School NBA Trade Rumors: John Wall, Anthony Davis Top List Of Franchise Players On Trade Block Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight ‘Buy Nothing Day’ Events Planned In Over 60 Countries For Black Friday And Saturday Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream ‘The Simpsons’ Marathon: 600 Episodes Planned In a Row, Starting Thanksgiving Day Electoral Map 2016 Results: Will Michigan Soon Be Called For President-Elect Donald Trump? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Take The Poll: Dump Trump? Should Electoral College Switch Election To Clinton? 6.4k 0 0 Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 13.2k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 874 0 0 Donald Trump On LGBT Issues: Poised To Be First President To Appoint An Openly Gay Cabinet Member 8.6k 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 3.7k 0 0 Michelle Obama’s Designer Refuses To Dress Melania Trump As First Lady, Says ‘Integrity Is Our Only True Currency’ 2.1k 0 0 Will The Shield Reunite At ‘Survivor Series’? Seth Rollins Says He’s Not Opposed To The Idea 2k 0 0 Recent Headlines Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason 0 0 0 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream 5 0 0 ‘The Simpsons’ Marathon: 600 Episodes Planned In a Row, Starting Thanksgiving Day 0 0 0 Electoral Map 2016 Results: Will Michigan Soon Be Called For President-Elect Donald Trump? 0 0 0 Kylie Jenner Dissed By ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Champ After Wearing This 0 0 0 WWE News: Paul Heyman Reveals His Original Plans For Brock Lesnar At ‘Survivor Series’ And ‘WrestleMania 33’ Matches 88 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
null
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery/Video Mobile Huawei Mate 9: Huawei’s best is for naught By Danny Zepeda | November 19, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Last year, Huawei made a name for itself when it teamed up with Google to manufacture the Nexus 6P. Trying to follow up on that success is no easy task but Huawei is back with the Mate 9. The Mate 9 carries similar traits present in the crowd-pleasing 6P. The sleek aluminum unibody is present, but Huawei took the opportunity to toss in a few new additions that might attract consumers. The primary selling point is the dual-lens Leica camera that comes with a 20-megapixel monochrome sensor and a 12-megapixel RGB sensor. Both sensors are used in conjunction through enhanced image fusion algorithms. The camera also comes with optical image stabilization and what Huawei is calling Hybrid Zoom. It also includes a 5.9-inch Full HD display, Kirin 960 processor with an octa-core i6 co-processor, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage with microSD expandability and a 4,000mAh battery. The Mate 9 comes with the latest specs, but it will cost you to the tune of $750. By any standard, this is a terrific phone, but it may fail where Huawei has failed in the past. The Mate 9 is only available online, not in carrier stores where most consumers buy phones, and although it packs terrific specs, there is no QHD display nor wireless charging. These features are by no means deal breakers, but in a world ruled by iPhones, Pixels and Samsung devices, Huawei omitting these features may be the differentiating factor. The Mate 9 also falls short on price. Coming in at $750, that is in the same bracket as the iPhone 7, Galaxy S7 Edge and even the Pixel. It is still a terrific phone and should warrant your consideration, just know there are some sacrifices you are making. Check out Ron’s full review in the video above to see a more comprehensive breakdown. Topics #Huawei #Huawei #Mate 9 Danny Zepeda Danny’s interest in writing began with tech, which influenced his career path in college. After graduating from Vanguard University, he began to write for Screen Rant until he joined the… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV Yesterday GOOG: 760.54 -10.69 Pixel Launcher’s weather widget finally stops showing the sun icon at night Abner Li - 1 day ago @technacity Apps & Updates Google Pixel Pixel Launcher View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The Pixel Launcher is another part of the experience that Google has crafted for their first wholly made phone. Besides circular icons and a redesigned app drawer, the launcher conveniently displays the weather. However, there was one gripe with said widget that has finally been resolved. Weather information is retrieved directly from and updates with the Google app. The icon displayed in the Pixel Launcher matches the one in the feed’s corresponding weather card and in web searches. Depending on the condition, it shows rain, clouds, snow, and more. Previously, the default icon for normal, ‘clear’ weather conditions was a yellow sun. This was the case even during the night. Several users are now reporting seeing a moon icon next to the temperature. The change does not yet appear to be widespread and is likely a server-side update. Having the latest beta version of the Google app does not guarantee the update and the Pixel Launcher (7.1.1-3359438) remains unchanged. Checking the weather in the Google weather app already shows the moon icon, but the Now card still shows a sun even at night. This is a minor fix, but nevertheless one that shows Google’s attention to minute details. Guides Google Pixel View THe Guide Pixel Launcher View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Today Read Look Link Buy Listen Travel About Subscribe Jobs Advertise Contact Kvadrat + Raf Simons Textiles at Avenue Road All Articles ListenUp Kvadrat + Raf Simons Textiles at Avenue Road All Articles ListenUp LINK ABOUT IT Link About It: This Week's Picks LINK ABOUT IT Link About It: This Week's Picks Anger vs hate, more gender options on Tinder, animals being funny and more in our web round-up by CH Editors on 19 November 2016 SCIENCE POLITICS PSYCHOLOGY WELLNESS PHOTOGRAPHY GENDER LGBT LGBTQ TINDER NYC DANCE CULTURE RIP APPLE DESIGN BOOKS PHOTO BOOKS 1. Digitize Physical Prints With Google's New PhotoScan App With Google's new PhotoScan app, one can digitize their physical photos at home using only the standard smartphone camera. It's not quite up to par with a scanner, but it's a substantial improvement upon snapping a photo of a photo and cropping. Using four points on the hard image, the app initiates a more accurate, thorough capture. Additionally, the Google Photos app also received an upgrade with an array of "pro editor" options including exposure, highlights and shadows features. 2. Surreal and Gorgeous Car Images in Palm Springs Arguably the most beautiful Porsche 911 Carrera model, the 1973 iteration has been manipulated for artist Chris Labrooy's surreal, candy-colored "911" series. Each modified piece sees a 911 (or several) placed in unlikely scenes in sunny Palm Springs—with plenty of the city's stunning mid-century architecture included. Labrooy successfully takes a few of our favorite things, morphs them, and makes a combination that's a veritable feast for the eyes. See more at designboom. 3. Designing for Social Reform After the recent election results, many people in the creative community have voiced their determination to work with and for organizations that will need the most help. As FastCo's Meg Miller says, "With a Trump presidency, using design in support of social progress will be more important than ever." From Jennifer Kinon (design director for the Hillary for America campaign) to Jessica Hische (type designer and illustrator), Miller reached out to several design leaders to find out about next steps. Read more at Fast Co. 4. Anger vs Hate While it's perfectly healthy and natural to be angry, NYC-based holistic psychiatrist Meredith Bergman says it's time to slow down and reflect when that anger starts morphing into hatred. This isn't just for your mental health, but your physical wellbeing too: "Doctors say a burst of cortisol (the stress hormone) from negative emotions can trigger inflammation in the body, which is linked to health problems like cancer, heart disease and autoimmune disorders." So in order to keep angry and aware, but not slip into a negative and unhealthy state, head to Well and Good for some tips. 5. New Photo Book Showcases 20 Years of Apple Design From 1998's iMac (remember that one?) to 2015's Apple Pencil, the new hardcover book "Designed by Apple in California" celebrates and explores 20 years of Apple-designed products. Shot by photographer Andrew Zuckerman, each of the 450 images delves into not only the finished product, but also the intense design process. Like its current devices, the photographs are minimal and sleek—the ideal way to demonstrate all the ins and outs of the designs. Available today, the book comes in two sizes—small and large—and costs $199 or $299 respectively. 6. Vale, David Mancuso, DJ and Dance Culture Legend Dance culture pioneer, DJ and The Loft founder, David Mancuso has passed away at age 72. Not only was The Loft considered NYC's first underground dance party, Mancuso was determined to make it a safe and welcoming place for everybody. He told Red Bull Music Academy back in 2013, "The core [idea behind The Loft] is social progress. How much social progress can there be when you're in a situation that is repressive? You won't get much social progress in a nightclub. In New York City they changed the law [for entry into clubs, from] 18 to 21 years old; where can this age group go to dance? In my zone, you can be any age, a drinker or non-drinker, a smoker or a non-smoker. And that's where I like to be." There are several uplifting live mixes by Mancuso online, which we recommend listening to. And you can read more about him at The Guardian. 7. Tinder Allowing More Gender Options In a blog post from Tinder yesterday, the dating app announced it's introducing more gender options for users—meaning everybody can identify authentically. In the post, the company outlines just how easy it is: "When you tap 'I Am' and select 'More' you can type a word that describes your gender identity. You can also select to be shown in searches which best reflect your identity." Acknowledging that the app hasn't had enough tools to be inclusive before, the team at Tinder says that while they haven't been perfect, they are continuing to learn and grow—and want to make everybody welcome. 8. 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards Winners Whether it's a bear completely missing his prey, a grinning zebra or a fox diving head-first into snow, the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards winners are guaranteed to deliver good cheer. This year's awards saw around 2,200 submissions from all over the world, and the winners (and finalists) are worth a look. There are many notable images but the pelican's look of shock as it drops a fish from its beak is particularly amusing—and poignant. See more at The Washington Post. Link About It is our filtered look at the web, shared daily in Link and on social media, and rounded up every Saturday morning. SCIENCE POLITICS PSYCHOLOGY WELLNESS PHOTOGRAPHY GENDER LGBT LGBTQ TINDER NYC DANCE CULTURE RIP APPLE DESIGN BOOKS PHOTO BOOKS About Subscribe Jobs Advertise Contact Kvadrat + Raf Simons Textiles at Avenue Road All Articles LINK ABOUT IT Link About It: This Week's Picks Slower melting ice cream, double black holes, Australia's bubblegum pink lake and more in this week's look at the web by CH Editors 1. "Flaming" Auroras in Sweden Capturing the Aurora Borealis is nothing new for nature photographers, but it’s possible nobody else has seen anything close to what astrophotographer Göran Strand did one night in Sweden. In a video called “Flaming... LINK ABOUT IT Link About It: This Week's Picks Selfie performance art, a benefit auction for Syria, how our brains respond to music and more in our weekly look around the web by CH Editors 1. Hello! Selfie Miami Like a real-life Tumblr page, artist, author and feminist Kate Durbin created "Hello!Selfie Miami," a performance piece that occurred last week during Miami Art Week. The response to a man's attack on Durbin's piece about... CULTURE This is a Book for Parents of Gay Kids A comprehensive, everyday guide written by the founders of Everyone is Gay by David Graver Over the last four years, Dannielle Owens Reid and Kristin Russo have used their platform Everyone is Gay to answer pressing questions asked by members of the LGBTQ community and their families. As their charm and wisdom has granted honest hope... CULTURE Photographer Jessica Yatrofsky's "I Heart Girl" A book exploring the dynamic concept of feminine beauty via intimate portraits by Hans Aschim For a portrait photographer, mastering the finer points of three-point lighting is as important as bringing out the best in your subjects. Brooklyn-based multimedia artist and photographer Jessica Yatrofsky has clearly excelled in both; constructing... CULTURE Touching Strangers: Photographs by Richard Renaldi NYC publisher Aperture seeks crowd-funding support to bring the photo series to print by Lauren Espeseth Photographer Richard Renaldi has been working on his latest project since 2007. In creating the "Touching Strangers" series, Renaldi invites total strangers on the street to pose together—touching—and captures a fleeting moment of intimacy, turning... LINK ABOUT IT Link About It: This Week's Picks Facebook's "dislike" button, a long-lost GoPro and the legends who shaped NYC culture in this week's look at the web by CH Editors 1. Legendary Typographer Adrian Frutiger Has Died at 87 Typography legend Adrian Frutiger, best known for sans-serif design and for creating the typeface used in London’s street signs, died last week at the age of 87. Frutiger began his career... LINK ABOUT IT Link About It: This Week's Picks Saying farewell to Mary Ellen Mark, living off the grid with Ecocapsule, 38 new Emoji and more in this week's look around the web by CH Editors 1. Photographer Mary Ellen Mark Dies at 75 Pioneering photojournalist Mary Ellen Mark—who died on Monday, 25 May at the age of 75—will forever be remembered for telling the stories of those who were unable to tell their own. In her most famous photo... CULTURE "Sleep" by Ted Spagna Where science meets art, a photo book of humans in their most vulnerable state by Lauren Espeseth Teacher, filmmaker and photographer Ted Spagna was as engrossed in the sciences of sleep and technology as he was in creating art. His sleep project depicts a shift from the conceptual side of science to a more human one; exploring the intimacy... CULTURE This is Mars Art and science merge in a book of hi-res space camera images that reveals the red planet's beauty by Nara Shin Eight years ago, the NASA space probe Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter was fitted with the largest and most powerful camera (more commonly known as the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment, or HiRISE for short) to ever be launched past Earth's... STYLE Pride 2016 Style Wear your heart on your sleeve and celebrate love, respect and equality by CH Editors If there's one universal truth (apart from the age-old adage about death and taxes) it's that respect and love will always be in style. While plenty of people take pride in who they are and support the LGBTQIA community in several ways, the most visible... LINK ABOUT IT Link About It: This Week's Picks An LGBTQIA-inspired bank, how "ugly" food can end hunger, the music of Star Wars and more in our look around the web by CH Editors 1. Donate to Planned Parenthood on Behalf of the GOP with DefundRefund A grassroots fundraising campaign called Defund Refund makes it simple to counteract the GOP’s efforts to shut down Planned Parenthood. The website allows users to easily... CULTURE Adriana Kertzer: Favelization Author of the upcoming e-book on the fetishization of favelas and Brazilian culture by Phuong-Cac Nguyen Plastic furniture ubiquitous at cheap botecos in Brazil made to look like they were riddled with bullets (and sold at high-design prices), a chair created from wood scraps that was inspired by discarded furniture designers once saw in a favela... Loading More... COOL HUNTING Kvadrat + Raf Simons Textiles at Avenue Road All Articles No matches for your search Unfortunately, we don't have any articles that match your search. Try again or explore some of these links: CATEGORIES Design Tech Culture Travel Style Food + Drink FEATURES Word of Mouth Interviews Studio Visits Off Piste Scene by All Song of the Car Cool Hunting Video PEOPLE Artists Illustrators Graphic Designers Product Designers Fashion Designers Architects Scientists Makers Entrepreneurs Inventors THINGS Cars Watches Bags Bicycles Motorcycles Cameras Jewelry Gadgets Snacks Websites TOPICS Sustainability Collecting Invention Show Best Matches Loading More...
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 11/19/2016 7:10 AM After mastering Go, bots are learning to play StarCraft Facebook Twitter 200 Google+ LinkedIn 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   The Google-backed researchers who designed AlphaGo have their sights set on dominating a new game: Starcraft, the classic computer strategy game that has attracted millions of fans, some of whom duel online in professional tournaments hosted by real-life sports leagues. (AP Photo/David Goldman, 2014)   Brian Fung The Washington Post     Earlier this year, researchers' artificial intelligence beat a human in the dazzlingly complex board game known as Go. Not just once, but four times. It was a milestone in machine learning. Now, the same Google-backed researchers who designed AlphaGo have their sights set on dominating a new game: Starcraft, the classic computer strategy game that has attracted millions of fans, some of whom duel online in professional tournaments hosted by real-life sports leagues. Researchers from U.K.-based DeepMind want to train a bot that can play StarCraft II in real time -- making decisions about which military units to send on scouting missions, and how to allocate resources and ultimately conquer other players. Beginning next year, the game will serve as a research platform for any AI researcher who wants to use it, potentially allowing myriad player-algorithms to train off the same game. And joining the effort is the game's publisher, Blizzard, which is working with DeepMind to set up the platform. Unlike Go, StarCraft represents an entirely different challenge. Whereas players of the ancient board game take turns putting down stones to control physical territory, StarCraft players have to manage a constantly shifting digital economy to achieve victory. They have to mine minerals and gases, build defensive structures and offensive troops, survey the terrain and, finally, close with and engage the enemy. The best players have to know not only what's going on at their home base but also what may be happening in distant corners of the battlefield. Efficiency of motion is key; commentators talk of "actions per minute" as a way of measuring a human player's productive capacity. "StarCraft is an interesting testing environment for current AI research because it provides a useful bridge to the messiness of the real-world," DeepMind wrote in a blog post Friday. "The skills required for an agent to progress through the environment and play StarCraft well could ultimately transfer to real-world tasks." At this point, you may be wondering what kind of "real-world tasks" a computerized military genius might put its mind to -- hopefully, that doesn't include sending siege tanks or space marines after us. The reality is that we're nowhere near to building the kind of "general" artificial intelligence that science fiction has trained us to fear. Our most sophisticated machines tend to be strong at pattern recognition but relatively weak at logic and deductive reasoning. DeepMind is not the first to think of using StarCraft as a training tool. In fact, AI researchers have spent years thinking about StarCraft precisely because of the unanswered problems for AI created by the game's open-ended style of play. And all joking aside, the implications are enormous. "Optimizing assembly line operations in factories is akin to performing build-order optimizations" in strategy games, according to one paper by an international group of researchers in 2013. "Troop positioning in military conflicts involves the same spatial and tactical reasoning used in [real-time strategy] games. Robot navigation in unknown environments requires real-time path-finding and decision making to avoid hitting obstacles." Since at least 2011, one annual competition has pit dozens of bots against one another in games of StarCraft. And that's increasingly true of other games: Last month, developers of the turn-based strategy game "Civilization VI" unleashed eight computer players on one another to see what would happen. You can watch that here. Until a few years ago, "computer gaming" used to mean sitting down in front of a keyboard and mouse yourself. Now, it seems to mean teaching the computer to play, too. Tweet This article filed under: Business Technology Video Games Washington Post Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 11/19/2016 7:15 AM Prosecutors aim to stop sex trafficking without breaking the web Facebook Twitter 200 Google+ LinkedIn 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   In a 2013 letter to Congress, California Attorney General Kamala Harris and other state AGs complained that federal law protecting websites from being held accountable for things their users posted inappropriately kept them from prosecuting Backpage for its role in the online sex trade. (AP Photo/Richard Vogel, File)   Joshua Brustein Bloomberg     In 2010, the seedy business of online prostitution lost a major platform when Craigslist, the eponymous web bazaar for everything from jobs to apartments, bowed to criticism for facilitating sex trafficking and shuttered the adult categories on its site. Government officials, including Kamala Harris, then the district attorney for San Francisco, had been pressuring the company to get rid of the sex trade ads for years. Shortly afterward, Harris became California's attorney general. She'd spend the next six years grappling with a new adversary. The online sex trade didn't disappear when Craigslist got out of the game; it migrated to Backpage.com, a Craigslist clone then run by a publisher of alt-weekly newspapers. Soon after Craigslist's action, a group of state attorneys general sent letters to Backpage's executives asking it to get rid of the site's ads for escorts, erotic massages, and other services often used as fronts for prostitution. They refused. In the ensuing years, the company successfully fended off multiple lawsuits and legislation trying to shut it down. In a 2013 letter to Congress, Harris and other state AGs complained that federal law protecting websites from being held accountable for things their users posted inappropriately kept them from prosecuting Backpage for its role in the online sex trade. But their request to loosen restrictions on pursuing websites who facilitate human trafficking fell on deaf ears. Last month, Harris took action. In cooperation with the Texas attorney general, she had the chief executive officer of Backpage, Carl Ferrer, arrested in the Houston airport and charged with pimping. Officers raided Ferrer's home and Backpage's offices in the Dallas area. Backpage's co-founders, Michael Lacey and James Larkin, also turned themselves in on criminal conspiracy charges. It looked like Harris's play at a coup de grace. The arrest took place just weeks before she was elected to the Senate on Nov. 8. The criminal complaint against Ferrer identified nine unnamed minors who were allegedly sold for sex in California through listings on the site. "Backpage and its executives purposefully and unlawfully designed Backpage to be the world's top online brothel," said Harris in a statement. A spokesman for her campaign directed questions to the California Department of Justice, which declined to comment. Backpage has asked a court to dismiss the case, citing the Communications Decency Act, a 1996 law. The attorney general's claims that the company is somehow directly involved in prostitution, rather than web publishing, rely on insinuation rather than proof, said Bob Corn-Revere, a lawyer for Backpage. When an investigator for the prosecution reported a suspicious ad, Backpage quickly removed it, according to court documents. "The only evidence presented in the papers suggest that Backpage was doing what it was supposed to be doing," said Corn-Revere. The suit tests the limits of a law that is a vital part of the business model of many major internet companies. Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act says website operators can't be held liable for content created by their users. It's credited with allowing for the rise of Facebook, Google, and the broader world of social media and online marketplaces. The CDA has been the subject of hundreds of lawsuits, often brought by people seeking to sue websites for defamatory content from users. Tech companies get nervous at the thought that they'd stop winning these fights. In regulatory filings, eBay has mentioned unforeseen shifts in the way the law is enforced as a risk factor investors should be aware of. John Doherty, the Sacramento-based general counsel for trade group Technet, laughs nervously when asked what weakened CDA protections could mean. "Asking internet service providers to monitor content could change the whole game -- in a bad way," he said. "You lose all the privacy and First Amendment rights." Doherty praises Harris for finding novel lines of attack on other internet-based sex crimes like revenge porn. But this latest prosecution scares him. Like many people who support the CDA, Doherty picks his words carefully when discussing Backpage, a website he clearly wishes would just go away. "I understand the intent of the prosecution," he said. "I am concerned about the unintended consequences." Representatives from Facebook, Amazon, and Google declined to comment. eBay didn't respond to an interview request. A judge will consider Backpage's request for dismissal at a hearing on Wednesday in Sacramento. Two other cases, in Massachusetts and in Washington State, allege that Backpage is a co-conspirator in an illegal prostitution business. In the Massachusetts case, the plaintiffs were held hostage by traffickers and raped as many as 12 times a day by men who responded to ads on Backpage.com, according to court documents. The company has prevailed so far, and the U.S. Supreme Court is considering whether to hear the case. If none of these efforts stick, anti-trafficking groups say there's likely to be a renewed push in change the Communications Decency Act itself. It would certainly face opposition. This week the internet Association, a trade group whose members include most of the well-known internet companies, sent a list of its policy priorities to President-elect Donald Trump. At the top of the list was the protections offered by CDA 230. The internet Association declined to comment directly on the Backpage case, but David Greene, civil liberties director at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, says the controversy over the site can't be separated from the broader protections of the law. "The big picture view is that people aren't out there defending Backpage. They're out there defending the internet as we know it," he said. "You can't only grant immunity to people you like." Lawyers have an old cliché: Hard cases make bad law. The maxim comes up often with Backpage. The company has its roots in New Times, a free weekly newspaper started in the early 1970s in the Phoenix area. The company eventually expanded to become a national chain of alt-weekly papers, and owned publications across the country. Backpage.com was New Times's answer to Craigslist, the online classified agency that emerged as a fundamental threat to the business model of print journalism in the 1990s. In 2012, New Times spun off Backpage into its own company after pressure from investors and advertisers. Ferrer took over in 2014. As of June 2015, the company's 180 employees were mostly split between Dallas and Phoenix, and about two-thirds of them moderate ads submitted by users, according to a U.S. Senate report. Through his lawyer, Ferrer declined an interview request. The co-founders, Lacey and Larkin, issued a statement saying the case was a publicity stunt, arguing that Harris didn't have the legal authority to bring the charges. Backpage today looks a lot like Craigslist has looked since the 1990s. Unadorned lists of text ads advertise graphing calculators, apartment shares, and vaguely worded business opportunities in all caps. Upward of 95 percent of its revenue comes from the commercial sex industry, according to court documents. The Senate found that Backpage had revenue of $135 million in 2014, indicating a fivefold growth in its revenue from the sex trade compared with three years earlier. It pegged the company's value at about $620 million. Backpage is private, and has fought every attempt to provide more information about its operations. To demonstrate how people actually use the site, a special agent for the California Department of Justice put up two listings last March, one purporting to be an ad for an escort, and another claiming to sell a couch. The agent said the listing for the escort prompted hundreds of inquiries. A single person called about the sofa. The site looms large over what anti-trafficking groups say is a rapidly expanding market for child sex trafficking. The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children said in 2015 that there has been an increase of about 850 percent in suspected child sex trafficking because of the internet, and that about 7 of every 10 reports it receives about child sex trafficking relates to Backpage. The company's lawyers say it has been a constructive partner for law enforcement. Backpage also argues that shutting down its own adult classifieds section wouldn't end child exploitation. These claims haven't convinced prosecutors or anti-trafficking groups. For years, a multi-front legal battle over Backpage has played out at a dizzying pace. Backpage has enjoyed near-complete success in using the CDA as a defense, both in getting courts to dismiss lawsuits and to strike down state laws designed to punish it. Plaintiffs in Massachusetts and Washington have argued that Backpage shouldn't have protection under the CDA because it has designed policies specifically tailored to facilitate sex trafficking. They argue moderators change language on ads to avoid legally problematic language. When credit card companies refused to process payment for the company, it allegedly set up nontraditional payment methods to hide illegal activities. Backpage also removes location tags from photos that would help investigators find trafficking victims, according to the complaint. In legal filings, Harris' office argues that Ferrer can't use the CDA as a defense because he set up several other websites displaying reposted ads from Backpage.com that didn't accept user postings, effectively creating new ads on his own. It also argues that Ferrer isn't protected by the law because he had direct knowledge of the child trafficking on the site. In court filings, Backpage's lawyers ridiculed the prosecution's rationale. "The AG's argument is illogical sophistry," they wrote. Similar charges have fallen flat multiple times. In March, Bruce Selya, a judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit, practically apologized for siding with Backpage in the Massachusetts suit. The plaintiffs had made a convincing case that the site had been tailored to make trafficking easier, he said, but that didn't matter. "Congress did not sound an uncertain trumpet when it enacted the CDA, and it chose to grant broad protections to internet publishers," he wrote. "Showing that a website operates through a meretricious business model is not enough to strip away those protections." At some point, Backpage's legality has to be seen as settled law, says Eric Goldman, a law professor at Santa Clara University. Perpetual legal action is, basically, harassment, argues Goldman. "If the AG can drive Backpage out of business by prosecuting its key executives, 230 will have failed," he said. Anti-trafficking groups are laying the groundwork for a change to the CDA itself. Sen. Richard Blumenthal, a Democrat from Connecticut, came to Washington pledging to stop online trafficking. His staff has been exploring ways to address the CDA, and plans to introduce legislation at some point, according to two people familiar with the efforts who didn't want to be named because the discussions are still nascent. A spokeswoman for his office declined to comment. As a new senator, Harris could find herself immediately pulled into the debate. Her opinions on the shortcomings of the current law are a matter of public record. At the same time, a legislative battle over the CDA would inspire attention from some of her most powerful constituents. Technology freedom advocates who reject prosecutors's concerns out of hand are missing the point, said Samantha Vardaman, senior director of Shared Hope International, a group combating sex trafficking. "It seems to be their view that it's all or nothing, that if they give any of their protections away it all becomes subject to retraction. That's not what we're advocating for," she said. "We all love our internet." Tweet This article filed under: Business News Technology Nation/World Bloomberg Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Tab S2, Galaxy S6, S6 edge, S7, S7 edge Samsung will end the beta test of Android 7.0 Nougat by mid-December, hinting its official roll out would begin soon. Raymond Ronamai   November 19, 2016 18:15 IST Samsung Galaxy Note 5Reuters Samsung smartphone users were disappointed by the pace at which the company rolled out last year's Android Marshmallow. The Korean electronics manufacturer seems to be working hard this time around to release Google's latest operating system Android 7.0 Nougat to its eligible devices like the Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Tab S2, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. The South Korean technology giant has rolled out the Galaxy Beta Programme to the Galaxy S7, and Galaxy S7 edge in select markets. The users of the devices in Europe have received the second beta test too. This has given the them the chance to have a test of Android 7.0 Nougat and fix the glitches, if any, before the public rollout. Why advertise with us? [READ: Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge get Android 7.0 Nougat beta build 2] Android 7.0 Nougat for the Galaxy Note 5 and the Galaxy Tab S2 is being developed, according to a report by SamMobile, a clear hint the devices will receive the new firmware update sooner than later. It came after some reports claimed that Samsung has started the OS for the Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 edge. Samsung has confirmed that it would end the beta test of Android 7.0 Nougat by mid December, which means the official rollout could begin by the end of the year or early next year. Going by the reports, it appears like the OS will be first released to the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge before other devices. Devices like the Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge, Galaxy S7 Active, Galaxy S7 Batman edition, Galaxy S7 Olympic edition, Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge, Galaxy S6 edge+, Galaxy S6 Active, Galaxy S6 Ironman edition and Galaxy S6 Active will get the new firmware update but it is not sure if other popular handsets from A, J and C series will also get it. Android 7.0 Nougat will come with features such as Grace UX, multi-window, direct reply notifications, Extra power efficiency, Google Assistant, VR interface, Seamless updates, Data saver, Improved file browser, Instant Apps, bundled notifications, and improved Java 8 language support. [Source: SamMobile] Post Comment IBT TV Close Paralysed ALS patient uses computer to speak with her mind Why advertise with us? Latest News Update OnePlus One with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod CM 14.1 custom ROM 3 hours ago By Rohit KVN Apple iPhone 8 series tipped to boast upgraded dual-lens camera 7 hours ago By Rohit KVN Editor's Pick International Men's Day: The 10 Sexiest Men Alive of 2016 Is the iconic commercial aircraft Boeing 747 being retired? Why advertise with us? most popular When will Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus get Android 7.0 Nougat update? Motorola has revealed the list of devices that will receive the Android 7.0 Nougat, and it includes Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus. Moto Z and Moto Z on Verizon receive Android Nougat OS update; Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus to follow suit You are in luck if you are a Moto Z and Moto Z Force owner in the US having subscribed to Verizon. Reliance Jio vs RCom: Unlimited calls, free national roaming, 4G data bundles drive competition RCom and Jio have started a tough war in the telecom industry. HP tipped to launch new Windows 10 handset with Microsoft Lumia phone features Microsoft is reportedly to offering Nokia Lumia's display and camera technology to build HP's new Windows 10 Mobile OS-powered phone. Pokemon Go Gen 2 rumored to surface on December 7 An employee of Starbucks is rumoured to have leaked an internal memo that contains references to the release date of Pokemon Go Gen 2. Mark your calendar to officially witness Nokia Android phones in 2017 The new smartphones would be Android powered devices, which would be a first for Nokia as a brand. Lenovo to launch K6 series in India soon, hints teaser Lenovo is expected to either launch K6 Power or K6 Note in India in coming weeks. Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) gets Bluetooth certification The Galaxy A7 (2017) was earlier spotted on Zauba, an imports and exports tracking site in India, with model number SM-A720S. Photo Gallery Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch. Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai Bengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Life Style Books Google's exhibition on Indian women tries to show their impact on history By IANS  |   Published: 19th November 2016 04:34 PM  |   Last Updated: 19th November 2016 04:34 PM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email File photo, shows a sign outside Google headquarters in Mountain View, California. (File | AP) MUMBAI: Technology giant Google on Saturday unveiled a digital collection of artworks and exhibitions on the life of Indian women in history -- spanning 2,500 years and from 26 cultural institutions across the country, the company said in a statement. 'Women in India: Unheard Stories,' is a collection of over fifty virtual exhibitions with more than 1,800 artworks, photographs and videos. It captures the stories of India's unsung heroines ranging from goddesses to leaders, artists and doctors. "This project is an effort to recognise the impact of Indian women in history and their impact on culture and while looking at where we are, we also wanted to look forward and inspire women and leaders of the future," said Luisella Mazza, Head of Operations at Google Cultural Institute, at the launch.  The narratives, which includes exemplars like Rakhmabai -- the first practicing woman doctor -- and Muthulakshmi Reddi -- the first woman legislator -- as well as artworks by several young women artists, were in partnership with Zubaan Books, India's first feminist publisher. "It is our ongoing effort to make important cultural material available and accessible to everyone and to digitally preserve it to educate and inspire future generations," Mazza added.  Users can also tour historical exhibits that capture stories from as early as the 1st century BCE from the Indian Museum in Kolkata, on Saktirupena - on how the Mother Goddess has been depicted in Indian art across millennia.  Additionally, there are 17 new virtual exhibits from the Centre for Art & Archaeology of the American Institute of Indian Studies.  Users can also explore gigapixel images captured using 'Art Camera' - a robotic, custom built device that moves to capture hundreds of high resolution close-ups of a painting.  These collections by can be explored on the web, iOS and Android. O P E N Coupon Flipkart Shopclues eBay Mobile Prices Samsung Mobile Prices Micromax Mobile Prices Apple Mobile Latest Bhagwant Mann to contest against Sukhbir Badal: Kejriwal Over Rs 16 lakh cash seized in Gujarat's Sabarkantha district Man burns 16-year-old daughter to death in Mathura Bihar MP Pappu Yadav asks people to burn down ATMs PM attacks Mamata on demonetisation Gallery Chennai's Saidapet gets old cine charm with graffiti on station walls First glimpses from bypolls: Citizens vote in Puducherry, Tamil Nadu arrow Videos Taylor Swift becomes an 'experience' Why Pennsylvania Democrats voted for Trump arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express. 2016 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Sakhi | Cinema Express | Malayalam Vaarika Contact Us | About Us | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Glenmark leads growth in diabetes drugs market Hardware start-ups get a leg-up at Intel Maker's lab Business Standard Zoho takes on Zendesk, Freshdesk with platform built in a village Designed by over 150 engineers, Zoho Desk, a customer software platform, has been built in over five years Gireesh Babu  |  Chennai  November 20, 2016 Last Updated at 00:16 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJF5fo Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. Zoho Corp, the Chennai-based software maker, has built products that have taken on Salesforce, Google and Microsoft. Now, it has Zoho Desk, a customer software platform built in rural India that will take on two large rivals, local product FreshDesk and global major Zendesk. Over 150 engineers at Tenkasi, 650 km south of Chennai in Tirunelveli district, known for its proximity to the Courtallam waterfalls, have designed and built Zoho Desk over five years and will also expand Zoho's made-in-India software offerings for global customers. "Zoho has challenged conventional wisdom so many times in its history," says Sridhar Vembu, chief executive officer of Zoho Corp.  "In an industry where companies have come to believe that the only location that matters is a few square miles near downtown San Francisco, we are proving that a determined and sincere group of people can build path-breaking products anywhere,” he adds. Tirunelveli has over 25 engineering colleges and hosts US firms Syntel, a technology services provider, and TechFetch, a technology-focused job-generating platform founded by US-based Prabhakaran Murugaiah who has roots in the region. Zoho Desk, the sixth product the company launched in 2016, uses contextual information such as customer history, activities and prior issues to help service agents provide a speedy resolution. According to Forrester, 42% of service agents are unable to resolve customer issues due to disconnected systems and multiple applications that hold relevant customer data. In almost 50 per cent of instances, customers report service agents fail to answer relevant questions. Lack of sufficient context of the customer’s problem is often the reason.  "We built the first software products from India when IT services were the rage and established them in the global market. We are now showcasing something that has never been done before: the first software product created in rural India, world-class in its refinement, competing with the best," says Vembu. Zoho, which  continues to be bootstrapped because of Vembu's aversion to venture funding, has helped make Chennai India's hub for software-as-a-service companies, whose business model is to let customers pay a small fee for the software they use as opposed to conventional models of selling expensive licences to clients. “We believe rural talent should not have to leave home to find opportunity. Our broken urbanisation model creates severely overcrowded and polluted megacities and denudes rural areas of talent. That is why what Zoho Tenkasi is doing matters,” he adds. The company has around 4,500 employees and more than 20 million users across the world. Rajendran Dandapani, director of engineering, Zoho, says the challenges the company had to face in building a team in Tenkasi included Internet provisioning and talent acquisition. These it addressed through hard work and by keeping expectations low, he adds. "We recruited from local colleges, word of mouth was a big source. Many employees in our Chennai office were from down south and this was a good opportunity for them to stay close to their families," he says. "We did not realise so many would want to go back to their hometowns. We might eventually look at a 50-50 split of our employee strength between Chennai and Tenkasi," Dandapani says. ALSO READ Zoho's founder built a SaaS hub in Chennai without VC money; here's how Freshdesk launches all-in-one CRM solution for sales representatives SaaS-based GRC firm FixNix starts initiative to train students Salesforce announces the launch of new development centre in Hyderabad Read More On Zoho Corp | Salesforce | Google | Microsoft | Customer Software | Crm | Freshdesk | Zendesk | Forrester | Saas PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Zoho takes on Zendesk, Freshdesk with platform built in a village Designed by over 150 engineers, Zoho Desk, a customer software platform, has been built in over five years Designed by over 150 engineers, Zoho Desk, a customer software platform, has been built in over five years Gireesh Babu Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Zoho takes on Zendesk, Freshdesk with platform built in a village Designed by over 150 engineers, Zoho Desk, a customer software platform, has been built in over five years Gireesh Babu Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Tech Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Tech Home Computers Google Video Games Military Tech War Games Slideshows Computers 3 things not to buy this Christmas By Kim Komando Published November 19, 2016 The Kim Komando Show Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print A woman takes a picture with her iPad Mini during the official lighting ceremony of the U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree in Washington December 4, 2012. (REUTERS/Jason Reed) According to the National Retail Federation, 32 percent of us want consumer electronics this year, and 40 percent yearn for digital entertainment like DVDs and video games. If you’re looking for a high-end stocking stuffer, gadgets may be the way to go. But be careful. People usually have very specific preferences that you can’t guess, no matter how well you know them. Just because a new technology is sleek and popular doesn’t mean everyone wants it. To help you avoid an un-merry moment, here are three gifts Santa should avoid this holiday season. Cheap tablets At first, a tablet looks like the perfect gift. It’s small and fits into an ambiguous box, so recipients will have a hard time guessing what’s inside. The product’s marketers tout cameras, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, processors and storage that surely won’t disappoint. Tablets also come dirt-cheap. It’s not unusual to find a tablet under $50 that appears to be exactly what your recipient needs and wants. But people tend to be particular about their tablets. Windows users typically want a pricy Surface. Apple fans are willing to pay for an iPad. Anyone who owns a high-end Android phone will frown upon anything that isn’t a high-end Android tablet. Amazon’s Kindle Fire is a great option for Prime Members. Bookworms gravitate toward the Barnes & Noble Nook, which just launched a $50 model that is $30 cheaper than the Kindle. Most of these cheap tablets have a major flaw. Many use a version of the Android operating system that can’t be upgraded. As Google releases newer and better Android features, that cheap tablet is stuck in the past. This is particularly true of tablets running Lollipop or earlier. If you’d like to know how tablets stack up against each other, check out my handy comparison feature charts. Cheap TVs Visit any big box store and you’ll find a cornucopia of televisions: flat screens, wide screens, LEDs, LCDs, UHD, curved, 3D, smart TVs and everything in between. At first glance, the deals will blow your mind. Only $249.99 for a 4K television? Sign me up! If you’re giving a television as a gift, there are many things to consider. For starters, you want to get the right size, which means you need to know how far the recipient will sit from the set. Once you know that, divide the distance (in inches) by 1.6 to get the perfect screen size in inches. For example, someone who sits 10 feet (120 inches) from the TV would enjoy a screen about 75 inches long on the diagonal. Unfortunately, many holiday TV deals are on smaller sets, and they have other issues, too. Low-end televisions usually come with only one or two HDMI ports, which are becoming increasingly important for add-on technology. You want three HDMI ports. Cheaper TVs also have a low refresh rate of 60 hertz, or 60 refreshes a second. Basically, with 120Hz, the TV creates new frames to go between the usual 60 frames. Those in-between frames help reduce blur when there's movement on the screen. Some people don't like it for TV and movies because it tends to give things a "soap opera" look. Sports fans need sets that have a 240Hz refresh. Your uncle may appreciate the sentiment, but a cheap TV will make your gift a real boob tube. Click here for my television buying guide that makes it easy to make the right choice. Bargain laptops If your young student is looking for a starter computer to type reports and play educational games, pretty much any laptop will do. But if she's planning to edit digital video or import hundreds of gigs of footage, she'll want a laptop with powerful RAM, tons of storage, a fast processor and a high-end display. The sad truth is that most decent Windows-based laptops start at $600. You'll find functional laptops for a song during the holidays, but you can't expect much longevity and features. The lower-priced models under $300 are a decent choice for a young student. These laptops usually have smaller screens (11 inches or lower), only one USB port and minimum RAM, hard drive space and processing power. Stay away from any laptop that runs Windows 8.1. Windows 10 is the latest version. Then there's Google's Chromebook, which runs an upgraded version of Google's Chrome browser, uses apps and web services in place of programs and stores their information online. Chromebooks have two huge selling points. One, they're quite inexpensive; most cost less than $200. Two, if you groan each time your PC or Mac takes forever to open up, Google Chromebooks start super fast. On the other hand, Chromebooks don't run standard computer programs. And — heads up! — Chromebooks don't work well without a fast internet connection, because they’re designed to be synced with the cloud. Your best bet is to buy a good laptop in August, when students are returning to school. If you are in the market for a new PC or Mac desktop or laptop, click here to read my buying guide, which includes features and specifications. So what should you invest in this holiday season? Be sure to listen to or download my podcasts, or click here to find it on your local radio station. You can listen to the Kim Komando Show on your phone, tablet or computer. From buying advice to digital life issues, click here for my free podcasts. Copyright 2016, WestStar Multimedia Entertainment. All rights reserved. Learn about all the latest technology on the Kim Komando Show, the nation's largest weekend radio talk show. Kim takes calls and dispenses advice on today's digital lifestyle, from smartphones and tablets to online privacy and data hacks. For her daily tips, free newsletters and more, visit her website at Komando.com Advertisement Trending in Tech 1 Tech Q&A: Boosting your cell signal, saving precious voicemails 2 3 things not to buy this Christmas 3 Top Gifts Under $200 4 How to Download and Watch Movies and TV Offline 5 Vatican taps space technology to preserve its treasures See all Trends Scitech Connect Subscribe to the daily Geek Sheet for the top science and technology stories. Thank you! Your subscription has been submitted. Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-19 American Music Awards 2016: Live Stream, Performers, Presenters — Everything You Need To Know About The AMAs Entertainment 2016-11-19 Mike Pence Booed At ‘Hamilton’ Appearance: See Video Of The Message The Musical’s Cast Delivered To The Vice President-Elect Entertainment, Movies, News 2016-11-18 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Star Emilia Clarke Is Latest Addition To ‘Han Solo’ Film Entertainment 2016-11-18 Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-20 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream News 2016-11-20 Jessica Whelan Loses Battle With Cancer, Father’s Heartbreaking Photo Brought Awareness To Suffering She Endured News 2016-11-20 Ser Je Da Be Search Update: Missing 13-Year-Old Abducted By 22-Year-Old Ex-Boyfriend And In ‘Extreme Danger,’ Police Say News 2016-11-20 Queen Elizabeth And Prince Philip Celebrate 69 Years Of Marriage Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-20 NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight Sports 2016-11-20 Floyd Mayweather Jr. Vs. Conor McGregor: Celebrities Weigh In On Possible Fight Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ Survival DLC: Gameplay Review Of Vendor Reset For 1.5 Update — Alpha Bridge Weapon Builds Likely The Strongest And Talent Requirements More Attainable Gaming 2016-11-20 10-Ban Drafting System For ‘League Of Legends’ Leaked Sooner Than Expected Gaming 2016-11-20 PS4 Vs. PS4 Pro Graphics: ‘FFXV,’ ‘Uncharted 4,’ ‘Last Of Us’ Performance Examined Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Pokemon Sun’ And ‘Moon’ Players Relentlessly Soft Resetting For Shiny Starters BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald J. Trump Twitter: I Watched ‘SNL’ Last Night, It Is A Totally One-Sided, Biased Show — Nothing Funny At All [Videos] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 Mike Pence And ‘Hamilton’: VP-Elect Booed, Hears A Few Words From The Cast At The Show — Was It Appropriate? [Poll] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 WWII Shipwrecks Vanish From Pacific Ocean: Sunken Dutch, British Warships, And A U.S. Submarine Mysteriously Disappear From Bottom Of Java Sea SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Disney’s New Movie ‘Moana’ Renamed In Italy Because Of Famous Porn Star Movies 0 0 0 November 19, 2016 Disney’s New Movie ‘Moana’ Renamed In Italy Because Of Famous Porn Star Tito Ojo-Medubi Disney’s new movie Moana will be released in Italy under the name Oceania to avoid confusion with a porn star that bears the same name, TMZ is reporting. Moana Pozzi is regarded as Italy’s most popular adult actress. She performed in over 100 movies and sold over 1 million video tapes as a star in the 1980s and 1990s. She died in 1994 at age 33 of liver cancer. In 2007, her husband revealed that he had euthanized her by letting air into her IV. This caused air bubbles to travel to her brain and caused her death. Despite her death, Pozzi is still revered in Italy and graced over 50 major magazine covers during her lifetime. Disney Italy has not commented on the name change. However, an Italian marketing expert revealed it is really a no brainer as to why the name alteration went ahead. According to him, the Walt Disney Company is simply trying to avoid an awkward situation where children would Google the name of the animated flick’s Polynesian princess and have porn videos or a famous Italian adult star pop up in search engine results. “There are two very simple reasons for the title change, one is that if you type ‘Moana’ and do a Google search in Italy you risk coming up with porn videos. And it’s very expensive and a waste of money to try and change that…in any Italian focus group ‘Moana’ is Moana Pozzi the porn star.” This is not the first time that the name of a movie would be changed because of national sensibilities. In 2015, Eye In the Sky, a warfare thriller starring Helen Mirren and Breaking Bad’s Aaron Paul was changed to Invisible Enemy in Latin America. Movie executives expressed concerns that because of the large Catholic population in the region, it could be a reference that God was looking down from above. Moana is due out on Thanksgiving Weekend. However, many Pacific Islanders are far from impressed with the movie because they feel Disney has inaccurately depicted the culture by creating a Polynesian fantasy they can milk for profit. Anne Keala Kelly, a Hawaiian journalist and filmmaker, said she was angry that Polynesia was depicted as a race. “Polynesia isn’t a race and so that already is very problematic. There are millions of people in the Pacific, hundreds of languages.” Disney created a group of academics, anthropologists and experts to help the creative direction of the animated flick. Critics have slammed the initiative for a lack of transparency. Vince Diaz, a professor at the University of Minnesota said different areas from multiple ethnic groups were reeled into the movie to represent one culture which is very wrong. The professor said from the trailer he noticed Fijian music, Tahitian drumming and Samoan tattoos, a same old story that the Pacific exists only to entertain.” “Who gets to authenticate Polynesia especially in a historical context in which Polynesia gets to stand for the entire Pacific? For all the bling, all the eye popping visuals, the beautiful music, amazing colors, it’s the same old story of the Pacific existing to entertain, to mesmerize, to make modern humans feel good about themselves.” Diaz said some Pacific Islanders had expressed concerns to Disney over the cultural misappropriation and were seeking financial compensation. The Minnesota professor said the company had offered a scholarship program of $500,000 for students of Asian and Pacific Island decent. The program, tagged the Asian & Pacific Islander American Scholarship Fund, would provide 150 scholarships in three years. Critics have said it is not good enough considering Disney is worth $85 billion. The upcoming movie stirred another round of controversy when Disney halted the sale of a Maui Halloween costume, a character played by Dwayne Johnson. Critics had slammed the movie giant for portraying brown skin as a costume. The company pulled it down and apologized in a statement. Disney has recalled a Halloween costume for the character "Maui" from their new film Moana after a social justice… https://t.co/q4RkJ4nil1 — Infowar Coalition (@InfoWarPage) September 28, 2016 “The team behind Moana has taken great care to respect the cultures of the Pacific Islands that inspired the film, and we regret that that the Maui costume has offended some.” [Featured Image by Flory/iStockPhoto] Now Watch This: ‘The Avengers’ In Dakota Access Pipeline Protest Message Now Read This: Mark Hamill: Filming ‘Star Wars: Episode VIII’ Is Like ‘Working For The CIA’ Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Tito Ojo-Medubi Tags: disney, Dwayne Johnson, Moana Comments LATEST HEADLINES Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election, Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts A Tucson School Stopped A Kid From Being Bullied – By Kicking Him Out Of School NBA Trade Rumors: John Wall, Anthony Davis Top List Of Franchise Players On Trade Block Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight ‘Buy Nothing Day’ Events Planned In Over 60 Countries For Black Friday And Saturday Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream ‘The Simpsons’ Marathon: 600 Episodes Planned In a Row, Starting Thanksgiving Day Electoral Map 2016 Results: Will Michigan Soon Be Called For President-Elect Donald Trump? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Take The Poll: Dump Trump? Should Electoral College Switch Election To Clinton? 6.4k 0 0 Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 13.2k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 874 0 0 Donald Trump On LGBT Issues: Poised To Be First President To Appoint An Openly Gay Cabinet Member 8.6k 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 3.7k 0 0 Michelle Obama’s Designer Refuses To Dress Melania Trump As First Lady, Says ‘Integrity Is Our Only True Currency’ 2.1k 0 0 Will The Shield Reunite At ‘Survivor Series’? Seth Rollins Says He’s Not Opposed To The Idea 2k 0 0 Recent Headlines Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason 0 0 0 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream 5 0 0 ‘The Simpsons’ Marathon: 600 Episodes Planned In a Row, Starting Thanksgiving Day 0 0 0 Electoral Map 2016 Results: Will Michigan Soon Be Called For President-Elect Donald Trump? 0 0 0 Kylie Jenner Dissed By ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Champ After Wearing This 0 0 0 WWE News: Paul Heyman Reveals His Original Plans For Brock Lesnar At ‘Survivor Series’ And ‘WrestleMania 33’ Matches 88 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Mobile Phones Google reverses digital death sentence imposed on Pixel resellers Mobile Phones Google reverses digital death sentence imposed on Pixel resellers By Bindu Nair - Nov 19, 2016 Google’s found itself at the center of major controversy involving its Pixel phones and people trying to sell the handsets through less than legal means. The search giant apparently banned the individuals involved in the scheme but later rolled back its punishment to a certain degree. As chronicled by DansDeals, a number of people claimed that they were not able to gain access to their Google account and were being greeted with a message stating that it had been disabled. They also got an email from the company which told them that all their data would be deleted unless they successfully appealed the suspension. The site then determined that the common factor amongst all the affected users was that they had all taken part in a plot to purchase Google Pixel smartphones and then send it to a dealer in New Hampshire who took advantage of the state’s lack of sales tax. The phones were resold to others and the original buyers were paid a profit on each. However, Google expressly forbids this sort of activity in its terms, laying out that people may buy devices only for their personal use or gifting and not for commercial resale. The site’s owner Daniel Eleff looked into the matter and found that over 200 people who took part in the plan were locked out of their Google account. Also See: Google Pixel hacked in less than 60 seconds Interestingly, the dealer in question has been following this scheme for years, stretching back to the original Nexus. The only notable difference in pattern appears to be the fact that all the handsets ordered were via Google’s Project Fi. Google chose to punish the people engaged in the scheme by taking away access to services such as Gmail, Google Voice, and Google Drive. Crucially, this meant that emails being sent to them were bouncing back as undeliverable and their photos were completely locked out of their grasp. The situation clearly highlights how integrated Google has become in our daily life, with Eleff calling the sentence a digital death penalty. After the news went viral, he reported that the brand had found that many of the accounts suspended were created just for the scheme. However, Google decided to be merciful towards those with genuine accounts, sending them an email which informed them that their profiles had been restored. It also advised them to back up their data while their account was active, a vital reminder for anyone who tries to go around its terms. SOURCEDansDeals TAGS Google Google Pixel SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleFirefox’s new Focus browser makes private browsing simple Next articleNokia confirms new smartphones coming in 2017 Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Nokia confirms new smartphones coming in 2017 OnePlus 3, OnePlus 3T to get Nougat in December OnePlus 3 officially discontinued in the US, Europe 246,359FansLike 13,717FollowersFollow 13,061SubscribersSubscribe ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu HOW CAN I HELP? Apple wants to put Siri in your messages Written by Ananya Bhattacharya November 19, 2016 Better late than never. (Reuters/Robert Galbraith) Share Written by Ananya Bhattacharya November 19, 2016 You may someday have another participant in your group messaging chats: Siri. An Apple patent application published Nov. 17 describes how Siri could be pulled into iMessage chats to help with scheduling and making payments. Any of the participants in a conversation can choose to bring in Siri to assist people with tasks, the filing with the US Patent and Trademark Office says. When summoned to a message thread, the AI assistant uses semantic analysis to decipher which messages are meant for it. Once users direct a message toward Siri, it will be able to carry out tasks like checking people’s availability on their respective calendars or estimate how far people are from each other by using their locations. In one instance, a user asks, “Siri, when are we all free to grab lunch?” and Siri responds by scouring their calendars for matching availabilities and presenting a poll of possible times. Siri iMessage integration patent. (USPTO) With iOS 10, Apple announced Siri would support a myriad of third-party apps, including payment apps like Venmo, Paypal and Square Cash. In renderings included with the application, the outlined technology appears to allow for peer-to-peer payments from within the conversation. In an example, a participant says, “Siri, can you send Brett 10 bucks?” The assistant then pulls up a range of payment apps to choose from, and asks for fingerprint authorization before making the transfer. At any given time, participants can choose to deny Siri access to their personal information. Apple’s latest patent filing echoes functions already available in Google Assistant, which makes similar in-conversation contributions within Google’s text chat-only app Allo. Google Assistant’s functionality is more extensive than what’s described in the Apple patent, which only gives examples of scheduling and payments. Google Assistant can scour for addresses, movie showtimes, restaurants, flights, and hotels from within the app, as well as report on news, weather, traffic, sports, and more. That said, it’s worth noting that Apple filed for this patent in April 2015, well before Google’s Assistant made its debut last month. And the trend toward using machine learning to help virtual assistants better serve users is on the upswing across the board: consider Amazon’s Alexa, Facebook Messenger bots, and Samsung’s acquisition of a Siri-like assistant called Viv. Apple’s concept is still just a patent application, which is not an indication that the technology will be deployed—now or ever. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Google Arts and Culture unveils virtual exhibition on Indian women Google Arts and Culture unveils virtual exhibition on Indian women Source : Last Updated: Sat, Nov 19, 2016 15:20 hrs Post your Comments Tweet Mail Print Mumbai, Nov 19 (IANS) Technology giant Google has on Saturday, through its cultural arm Google Arts & Culture, unveiled a virtual collection of artworks and exhibitions on the life of Indian women in history -- spanning 2,500 years and from 26 cultural institutions across the country, the company said in a statement here. 'Women in India: Unheard Stories,' is a collection of over fifty virtual exhibitions with more than 1,800 artworks, photographs and videos, captures the stories of India's unsung heroines ranging from goddesses to leaders, artists and doctors. "This project is an effort to recognise the impact of Indian women in history and their impact on culture and while looking at where we are, we also wanted to look forward and inspire women and leaders of the future," said Luisella Mazza, Head of Operations at Google Cultural Institute, while speaking at the launch. The immersive narratives, which includes exemplars like Rakhmabai -- the first practicing woman doctor -- and Muthulakshmi Reddi -- the first woman legislator -- as well as artworks by several young women artists, were in partnership with Zubaan Books, India's first feminist publisher, and can be accessed at g.co/WomenOfIndia. "It is our ongoing effort to make important cultural material available and accessible to everyone and to digitally preserve it to educate and inspire future generations," Mazza added. Google Arts & Culture created by the Google Cultural Institute is a new, immersive way to experience art, history, culture and world wonders from over a thousand organisations worldwide. Users can also tour historical exhibits that capture stories from as early as the 1st century BCE from the Indian Museum in Kolkata, on Saktirupena - on how the Mother Goddess has been depicted in Indian art across millennia. Additionally, there are 17 new virtual exhibits from the Centre for Art & Archaeology of the American Institute of Indian Studies. Users can also explore gigapixel images captured by using our latest innovation, The Art Camera - a robotic, custom built camera that moves to capture hundreds of high resolution close-ups of the painting. These collections by can be explored on the web, iOS and Android. --IANS rt/vgu/vm SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features In pictures: Israeli President in India, says 'thank you' '50 days' : PM Modi's gift to Children! Donald Trump wins The politics of OROP! 59 killed as terrorists storm police academy in Pakistan's Quetta About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Gear Style Cars Tech Shelter Vices Body Etc Search Search Gear Style Cars Tech Shelter Vices Body Etc Magazine iPhone App Android App Most Wanted Random Thing Enlist Instacrate Members Devour Tech / Misc Gadgets Google Earth Live Case Cases with matching wallpaper are nothing new. The Google Earth Live Case takes the idea and improves on it in several subtle ways. Each case pairs rear graphics of South Pacific beaches, Antarctic ice formations, or East African deserts with live wallpaper that shows landscapes culled from Google Earth. Find one that interests you, and a shortcut button will take you right to that location in Google Maps. Yes, it's a lot of Google, but if you've already bought a Pixel, you likely don't mind. Buy from Google / $50 Share Stash REMOVE Featured Gear Leatherman Tread Wearable Multi-Tool Multi-tools are a staple of nearly every EDC kit. They also take up room in your pockets. The Leatherman Tread Wearable Multi-Tool moves the tools — and the ensuing bulge — from your pants to your wrist. Made from high-strength 17-4 stainless steel, it features multiple individual links that perform two or three jobs each, giving you a total of 25 tools including drivers, a cutting hook, box wrenches, a glass breaker, and the obligatory bottle opener. Available with a natural silver or black DLC finish. Presented by Leatherman. Buy from Leatherman / $165+ Share Stash REMOVE Featured Gear Fuego Box Trying out new hot sauces is easy. Finding ones that taste awesome is not. That's where Fuego Box comes in. Available as a subscription or as a gift, this service brings boxes of little-known, high-quality hot stuff right to your door, with an emphasis on flavor instead of heat. Your first shipment will include three full-sized sauces, a few samples, and a mini tasting notebook, and every one after that will arrive with three full-sized bottles. No long-term commitment is necessary, so there's even less reason not to give it a shot. Presented by Fuego Box. Sign Up with Fuego Box / $30/mo. Share Stash REMOVE Tech / Misc Gadgets Awesomatic Photo Booth Photos aren't just a way to capture a moment — they can also be a great way to liven up a party. The Awesomatic Photo Booth is an ideal way to do both. Available for rent, this gadget combines a quality camera, strobe flash, a touchscreen monitor, and a printer all in a single unit. The rental includes four hours of booth operation, unlimited 4x6 prints, digital copies of every photo it takes, an attendant to help fix any issues, and a backdrop. A far better investment than hiring your friend's cousin who moonlights as a "DJ". Buy from Awesomatic / $1,000+ Share Stash REMOVE Tech / Misc Gadgets Wipebook Pro Coders, managers, illustrators — whatever your job, odds are you've had to deal with a whiteboard before. Now you can carry one with you with the Wipebook Pro. This full-sized notebook holds 20 8.5" x 11" writeable pages that work just like a normal whiteboard, letting you write, erase, and re-write countless times. Brass binding lets it lay flat, cow-friendly faux leather front and rear covers help when it's time to digitize a page, and unlike the board at work, you can take it home without ever having to worry about an overzealous janitor "cleaning" away your valuable notes. Presented by Wipebook. Buy from Wipebook / $25+ Share Stash REMOVE Copyright © MMXVI Uncrate, LLC About Contact Advertise Privacy Terms Newest Popular Members Gear Style Cars Tech Shelter Vices Travel Body ETC Magazine App Dispatch Instacrate
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Home Tech Entertainment Social Lifestyle Business Deals Podcast Tip Us Search 3D Accessories Breaking Business Cars Celebrities eBooks Events Exclusive Featured Gaming Hardware Entertainment Humor Internet Interview Lifestyle Opinions Retail Security Services Software Tablets TV Previous Kanye West declares he would have voted for Trump, if he voted at all Previous Next Idiot tweets his desire to assassinate Trump and blow up the US - guess what happens next Next 9 paid iPhone apps on sale for free for a limited time By Zach Epstein on Nov 18, 2016 at 2:01 PM Email @zacharye Apps & Software Share This Story Tweet Like Share Submit Shop ▾ Black Friday shopping season is officially upon us, ladies and gentlemen, and today we showed you all of the best deals currently available at Best Buy, Walmart and Amazon. You’ll save tons of cash by following along with our Black Friday 2016 coverage, but you’re still going to be spending a good amount of money this holiday season. Save a few extra bucks each day with our daily lists of paid iPhone and iPad apps on sale for free. DON’T MISS: 10 hidden iPhone tricks Apple never told you about These are paid iPhone and iPad apps that have been made available for free for a limited time by their developers. There is no way to tell how long they will be free. These sales could end an hour from now or a week from now — obviously, the only thing we can guarantee is that they were free at the time this post was written. If you click on a link and see a price listed next to an app instead of the word “get,” it is no longer free. The sale has ended. If you download the app, you will be charged. Sleeply Normally $0.99. Track your sleep duration and stats automatically with Sleeply. Sleepy uses the phone’s sensors & time to automatically to track your sleep. FEATURES • Track your sleep duration & timings automatically • Get statistics like the approximate number of sleep cycles, time awake in between & healthy sleep durations • Get all your sleep history • Export all this data as a csv Just install Sleeply to automatically start tracking your sleep. You shouldn’t keep your phone on the bed for Sleeply to track accurately. Designed and developed by Emberify. Download Sleeply Photo Cleaner Normally $0.99. Let scan your iphone now to find out duplicate pictures and free up your gallery storage. “Photo Cleaner – Delete duplicate photo” can help you quickly scan the whole images in your device to find out duplicate pictures, similar photos, even low quality photos that are too faint or boring. You can choose to delete these images to liberate phone memory, get more space for new photos and videos. This app has many scanning options which are very convennient and fast to users, including scan snapshot, similar images, screenshoots and videos. Now users no need to spend more time to check all pictures & videos in their devices, just using this app and it can bring to you what you really need Download Photo Cleaner Center Widget Normally $0.99. Center Widget App in the Notification Center it makes using your iPhone or iPad. Quick show calendar. Download Center Widget VigTask Normally $0.99. VigTask – Smart organizer for your tasks! VigTask is an organizer for your task with a rich set of advanced features including: ADVANCED ORGANIZER • Supports multiple categories for tasks, color code and put them in the same view. • Categories can be merged. • Lunar date supported. • Group events, tasks and notes by Calendars, Dates, Manual, Contexts, Tags, Locations and Contacts. • Search in advanced. SAVE YOUR TIME – QUICK CREATION • Tasks can be created quickly with minimum of taps. • Can be created directly from categories, weather forecast, email or from main screen. ADVANCED TASK • Integrated with Contacts to add invitees, or sharing. • Alert with snooze. • Priority task with important levels. • Sorting tasks with different criteria. • Completed tasks can be exported many kinds of file format so that you can read them on PC. CHECKLIST • Sub tasks can be formatted as checklists so you know what needs to be done and what you have already accomplished. • Easy to show/hide completed checks. LINK DATA • Tasks can be linked together to make them into flows. • Task can also link to photo, audio, video, document files from Photo library or from email. INVITATION/SHARING • Send/receive invitation your task or event to a list other VigTask users via email. • Data can be shared with your friends via VigCloud. SMART SCHEDULER • Schedule your tasks one by one, in groups, or all at once. • VigTask will fit your list of tasks by booking them into your contexts’ time. SMART TIMER • Tasks can be timed, just set the timer. • Timer logs can be exported to many kinds of file format. • Set multiple times for a single task. DATA ON MAP • Show your tasks, that are around your current location, on an embedded map with adjustable distance. SYNCHRONIZATION • Task can be synced with Google tasks, built-in Reminders and Toodledo. • VigTask can sync with other VigTask (iPhone or iPad version) via iCloud/VigCloud. BACKUP AND RESTORE • Your data can be automatically (or manually) backup to Google Drive or Dropbox for future restoring. PRINT, FACEBOOK, PDF, CSV AND EMAIL • Data can be printed anywhere. • Data can be posted to Facebook anywhere. • Data can be exported as PDF/CSV/PNG and sent via email. INTUITIVE INTERFACE • Many kinds of skins. • Data can be viewed as list or folders. • Clean looking and easy to understand. • Minimal of taps to enter your data. • Easy to complete task with one click. More and more advanced features need you to explore… Download VigTask PaintVideo Normally $4.99. PaintVideo is an EASY-TO-USE video drawing application with Real-Time Editing features with which you can draw, write, fill, blur and add music within an existing video. Be as creative as you want there are no limitation with this App. Draw anything you want on the video, as many painting as you want and put them wherever you want; What’s more, you also can set the animation of your painting, it will turn your videos into funny and interesting edited movies, it is fun for every age, and it can be shared on Instagram, Facebook, Youtube, Flicker and Email in seconds; here are some of the amazing features: Paint and write on video Animation set of your painting Support adding background music Shape video in different shapes Cut out any unwanted moments Crop video and adjust scale Rotate video by 90 degree Flip video Adjust transparency of video Generate excellent video output Share your video montages in seconds No internet connection required Superior customer support and updates HOW TO USE: 1) Import your video from camera roll 2) Tap the plus sign icon (+ Button) to add your painting (choose brush size and color, duration time and animation set of the painting) 3) To cut unwanted video moment, firstly tap on the original video clip, click on “Edit” button from the menu and then select “Crop & Cut”, select the video portion with precise frame-by-frame and then mark “Start” & “End” time to remove the unwanted moment; 4) To delete a painting, tap the painting clip and then press the garbage can icon; 5) To delete the whole project, tap on the background video and then press the garbage can icon; 6) To add music, tap the “Music” button, and then tap “Add music”. You can adjust the volume of the music video with the volume controller. Download PaintVideo Angularis Normally $0.99. Are you looking for a REAL challenge? Angularis requires perfect concentration, timing and skill! You need to have the ability to concentrate on what you do in order to beat the high score. The longer you play the faster and challenging the game will be. Definitely a must have for all who like to play high score games with neon look and a high degree of difficulty. * Crazy hard gameplay * Beat the high score on Game Center * Future flat neon look * Optimized for phones and tablets Download Angularis today and test your reflexes! – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – ”The brain power required for this tap on the higher levels is probably comparable to trying to make your way home from a rave at 7am“ – 08/14 idtapthat “You’ll find yourself unable to put this game down as you compete against yourself to beat the high score. If you are looking for a quick game that exercises your concentration and reflexes, look no further” – 07/14 appadvice.com “Tetris fans will love this game for sure. It can really be learned in two seconds but can be played for hours for no apparent reason” – 07/14 appszoom.com “Those of you who like to play high score games with neon look and a high degree of difficulty, should definitely take a look at this game” – 07/14 iplayapps.de Download Angularis VigNote Normally $0.99. VigNote – Daily record for future planning! VigNote is for your daily note taker. It is an universal note application for iOS with rich set of futures including: ADVANCED NOTE – Supports rich text with multiple kinds of formatting text style such highlight, underline, strike through, different font name / font size / text color / alignment for any part or whole text. – Can be inserted shapes, photos, audios, videos, documents (PDF Text, MS Word / Excel / Power Point), music files… as inserted objects in to its content and the objects can be rotated, set title… – Can link to other notes (and vice versa), photos, audios, videos, documents, music files… as linked objects in separated panel and linked objects can set title. – Supports note date and time, alerts, multiple background styles, tag, categories and contexts. – Supports check list for each text item in note. – Supports two kinds of input: virtual keyboard and free hand drawing. – Smart drawing with various styles: solid line, dashed line, outline drawing along with color alpha supported. – Different ways of selection text / drawing lines: double tap or area select for actions. – Can record audio / video while inputing note. – Can play audio / video while inputing note. – Can phone, show map, send email, search on web, create contact, create event (to VigCal or iOS Calendar), create task (to VigCal or iOS Reminder) directly from app. – Can be starred or marked with different important levels. – Export to many kinds of document: PDF, PNG, Text to email, Facebook. – Import from popular kinds of document from Email, Web and other apps directly to app. – Supports long note with unlimited pages in the same view. – Directly create note from Weather forecast. – Directly print to air printer. SUPER ORGANIZATION – App supports multiple categories, that notes belong to, color code and put them in the same view. – Category can be merged. – Show or hide any category, notes in category will be showed/hidden corresponding. – Support multiple contexts. – Notes can be grouped under categories, dates, contexts and manual. – Notes can be sorted by note dates, by important level or by created date. – Categories and contexts can be sorted by title or created date. – Many ways of filtering notes or searching notes. – Support lunar date. – Show current weather and weather forecast. DATA ON MAP – Notes that have location specified will be on map with adjustable distance from current location. PRINT, FACEBOOK, PDF & EMAIL SHARING – Note can be printed, posted to Facebook, exported to PDF or send to your friend via email anywhere. SYNCHRONIZATION – Notes and their links can be synced between your devices via iCloud/VigCloud. BACKUP/RESTORE – Data can be backed up to Google Drive or Dropbox. You can restore from there when you need to. INTUITIVE INTERFACE – Clean looking and easy to understand. – Minimal taps to enter your data. – Rich set of skins supported. – Different note’s background supported. – Many kinds of view: 3-D or flat shape combine to list or folder view styles. More and more features are waiting for you to explore… or visit at http://www.vigstore.com for more detail Download VigNote 36 Ways For Ninja To Die Normally $0.99. Welcome to “36 Ways To Die For Ninja”! In this game, there are 36 amazing and addictive ninja games, all available in one download. With these games you only need the tap of one finger to stay alive. Simple but hardcore addictive. We’d love to hear your suggestions and comments! Download 36 Ways For Ninja To Die Where To Eat? PRO Normally $0.99. ⊛⊛⊛⊛⊛ No matter where you are in the world, WhereToEat displays the closest places to eat. Select from over 45 cuisine types and even get turn-by-turn directions to your chosen restaurant. Full Retina HD for iPhone and iPad. ⊛⊛⊛⊛⊛ An incredibly simple interface hides a sophisticated engine that plugs into the largest restaurant database and global map on the market. Fully customizable, you can order your owns list and make maximum use of your GPS. Can’t decide where to eat? Use our Shake-to-Suggest feature to explore and experiment! √ Over 100 preset searches including over 45 cuisines and 30 food types. √ Full Retina Graphics for iPhone and iPad √ Search can be done within a few taps, no typing needed. √ Fully customizable. You can sort, add, remove, rename all items. √ Simple user interface and intuitive user experience. √ Review your recent searches and most used searches. √ Configure start-up view, choose between home, recents or last viewed. √ Shake-to-Suggest, deciding on what to eat can be just a shake away. √ User Ratings and Reviews, sharing your experience with other diners. COMING SOON: Our team is already working on new features including offline restaurant database and translation into many languages. Stay tuned for the free update and feel free to contact us for any feedback so we can improve the app for you. Download Where To Eat? PRO Tags: Apple, Appsale, iPad, iPhone Older StoryPrevious Newer StoryNext Trending Today’s your last chance to get a NES Classic Microsoft is offering major discounts on Xbox One games and consoles for Black Friday All the best pre-Black Friday deals you can buy right now at Walmart, Best Buy and Amazon Release date for Pokemon Go Generation 2 might have just leaked Related Articles Apple's iPhone call logging is a feature, not a security scare Stephen Colbert eviscerates Apple's ridiculous $300 photo book The worst thing about the MacBook Pro's non-replaceable SSD BGR Store Certified Ethical Hacker Bootcamp Pocket Tripod PRO PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle View Comments Hubs Apple Apple’s iPhone call logging is a feature, not a security scare Stephen Colbert eviscerates Apple's ridiculous $300 photo book Android New study finds iPhones fail far more often than Android devices Some Android phones have been covertly sending sensitive user data to China Mobile Apple’s iPhone call logging is a feature, not a security scare Cool HP smartphone turns into a Windows 10 desktop Retail Microsoft is offering major discounts on Xbox One games and consoles for Black Friday You can now save over 90% on a lifetime of secure internet zen FOLLOW BGR Like BGR on Facebook Follow @BGR on Twitter BGR on Google Plus Follow BGR on LinkedIn BGR ON TWITTER Jonathan S. Geller @boygenius 15 Nov Copping that apple coffee table book asap Zach Epstein @zacharye 19 Nov Late night @mcuban is the best @mcuban blogmaverick.com/2016/11/19/my-… Advertise Contact About Reviews Apple Mobile Android Topics PMC Hollywood Life Deadline Variety TVLine India.com WWD FN Copyright 2016 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms of Use × Tip Us Name(required) Email(required) Subject(required) URL Would you like us to keep you anonymous? Yes No Message(required)
Gigjets Technology Gaming Computers Phones Software and Apps Tablets Connect With Us: X Search this site: Search for: X Navigate Here: Sitemap X Home » Phones » Nexus 6P 2016 or Nexus 5X 2016 free of lags with this modified camera app Nexus 6P 2016 or Nexus 5X 2016 free of lags with this modified camera app By Wayne Westerberg / November 15, 2016 / Phones, Software and Apps No Comments on Nexus 6P 2016 or Nexus 5X 2016 free of lags with this modified camera app 226 Google’s new line of Pixel devices have better camera hardware in comparison with their own Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P, but Nexus devices can have their software optimized using apps in order to bring the Nexus camera performance closer to the one Pixel has. The most important enhancement that you can bring to a Nexus 5X or 6P in regards of camera quality is the shutter lag, and this can be done using an app. There is an app that allows the Nexus 5x and Nexus 6P to take pictures with zero shutter lag. The camera app has been developed by Charles Chow and it’s called the Camera NX V4. This is not the first time Charles Chow has meddled with Nexus and Pixel devices, since he is the one that released the app that can reproduce the same Pixel home button animation on Nexus devices. The app can be found on Google’s Play Store under the name Camera NX V4. The camera app is still an unofficial hack, but if you choose to install it on your Nexus 5X or Nexus 6P device you will be able to enjoy the same shutter speed that Google’s Pixel device have. The user feedback regarding this app has been great. No one complained about unwanted bugs, and the camera performed just the way it supposed to do. The ability to take pictures with zero shutter speed, truly improves the process of taking pictures, it feels smoother, sleeker and more up to date. The camera shutter does start lagging on Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P devices after a while, but that only if you are taking many consecutive pictures, the reason behind that is that the hardware Nexus 5X and 6P devices have is not the best one out there. Related Tagged as: Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Nexus shutter speed enhancement Recommended stories you may like: Pixel Launcher 7.1.1 Update comes with new features for Pixel and Pixel XL devices Install Android 7.1 Nougat with Euclidean ROM for Nexus 5 Nexus 6P vs. LG V20 – Lower Priced, Better Specs Samsung, Google and Nexus Devices Receives Android Nougat 7.0 Nexus 7 and Nexus 6 Gets New Improvements with CyanogenMod 14.1 Nexus 5X Becomes Google’s Biggest Issue? Samsung Galaxy J3 2016 vs Galaxy J2 Prime – Winning with their similarities Vivo X9, X9 Plus, and Xplay 6 Impressive Specs and Firmware Updates Install Official Android 7.1 Nougat (CM 14.1) on Nexus 7 (2013) PS4 Pro V4.05 Firmware Update comes with issues and glitches iPhone 2017 Comes in Three Models Huawei P10 Newest Leaks Reached Online Google Nexus 6 vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Mid Range Budget Comparison Google Nexus 6 will not receive Android 7.1 Nougat Update OnePlus 3T New Hardware and Software Improvements Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge with Firmware Development Updates Mafia 3 New Lincoln Clay Patch Comes with New EnhancementsNovember 20, 2016 Xbox Scorpio made for premium consumers with the very best featuresNovember 19, 2016 Pixel Launcher 7.1.1 Update comes with new features for Pixel and Pixel XL devicesNovember 19, 2016 Install Android 7.1 Nougat with Euclidean ROM for Nexus 5November 19, 2016 MacBook Pro 2016 Updated with Touch Bar Available on ShelvesNovember 18, 2016 Nexus 6P vs. LG V20 – Lower Priced, Better SpecsNovember 18, 2016 Kingdom Hearts HD 2.8 Final Chapter LeaksNovember 18, 2016 Red Dead Redemption 2 Release Date in 2017November 18, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Leaks Spotted in Two VariantsNovember 18, 2016 Samsung, Google and Nexus Devices Receives Android Nougat 7.0November 18, 2016 Nexus 7 and Nexus 6 Gets New Improvements with CyanogenMod 14.1November 18, 2016 Nexus 5X Becomes Google’s Biggest Issue?November 18, 2016 Samsung Galaxy J3 2016 vs Galaxy J2 Prime – Winning with their similaritiesNovember 17, 2016 Final Fantasy XV Leatest Bugs and Patches got ExplainedNovember 17, 2016 Vivo X9, X9 Plus, and Xplay 6 Impressive Specs and Firmware UpdatesNovember 17, 2016 © GigJets 2016
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search World Business Conclave 2016 – Globe Platinum Awards Celebrating Asia-Pacific's success story and offering impetus to the world's fastest growing economy, India.   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * World Business Awards * Globe Platinum Awards * Best Business Award By Industry: * PublishingNOIDA, India - Nov. 19, 2016 - PRLog -- The prestigious summit will be a glittery affair marked by the presence of business barons in collaboration with The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM) and Indian Chamber of Commerce (ICC) as Associate Partners, Dun & Bradstreet (D&B) as Knowledge Partner, Asia Pacific Research Committee (APRC) as Strategic Partner, Unirich Jewellery Limited as Luxury Partner, Buttar & Associates as Financial Partner and Sarjan Group as Country Partner. From Baidu's Director (International Business Development) Mr. Richard Lee talking about the company's application of artificial intelligence in the self-driving race to Google India MD Mr. Rajan Anandan speaking on the entry of Google Pixel smartphones in India and the launch of the new app Google Trips in India to  Microsoft India Chairman Mr. Bhaskar Pramanik throwing light on India's first cybersecurity engagement centre (CSEC), the Conclave will witness high octane discussions on several business issues pertinent to globalisation. Integral to the Conclave will be the GLOBE Platinum Awards 2016, which will acknowledge and reward brands and leaders from the Asia-Pacific region for their business excellence, innovation and best practices. The entries will be judged by the editorial team of World of Business and a Jury of influential people from different business sectors to make sure the prestigious awards are bestowed upon deserving people. One of the four big accounting firms has been appointed to review that winners are determined on the basis of the evaluation carried out by the panel of Jury and the editorial team of World of Business. More details please visit our website: http://www.globeplatinumawards.com/ Contact Suresh ***@stimulusresearchservices.com End Source : Stimulus Research Services Email : ***@stimulusresearchservices.com Listed Under- Tags : World Business Awards, Globe Platinum Awards, Best Business Award Industry : Publishing Location : Noida - Uttar Pradesh - India Subject : Companies A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Trending News Janet Eilber Artistic Director - Martha Graham Dance Company - on the GingerNewYork TV Show NYC Hip Hop Sensation Suspens Jr® Set to Drop Music Release in November 15th Award for Humor Novel THE LOBBY by Randi M Sherman "Holiday Miniatures" at James Ratliff Gallery, Sedona, AZ Business Soulwork Releases Copywriting Alchemy, a New Kindle Book on Copywriting & Personal Branding Top Daily News Lorain Life Coach Helps Community to Cope Post-Election - 354 views Janet Eilber Artistic Director - Martha Graham Dance Company - on the GingerNewYork TV Show NYC - 254 views Marsha Crawford Named REALTOR® of the Year - 238 views University of Tennessee Ice Vols Celebrate 50 Years of Club Hockey - 217 views Hip Hop Sensation Suspens Jr® Set to Drop Music Release in November - 184 views Top Weekly News Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 1480 views 2016 Denver Christkindl Market Brings European Charm to Downtown Denver - 1226 views Wisco Hotel Group hires Regional Vice President for Milwaukee Area - 900 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 830 views Wayman Aviation Opa Locka to Relocate After 30 years - 758 views PTC News First Bancorp Of Indiana, Inc. Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend - 342 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 239 views Dave Bautista (WWE Superstar Batista), Finn Bálor Blast Into Wizard World Comic Con New Orleans - 182 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Guardian sustainable business what if? economics Rise of the drones: from policing the streets to painting your house With automation and artificial intelligence the delivery of parcels is only the tip of the iceberg for the next generation of drones Drones and the transport revolution: see what’s coming next - interactive A Merseyside police drone. Amazon is developing drones to act as all-seeing body-cam for the police. Photograph: Merseyside Police/PA Supported by About this content Mark Harris @meharris Saturday 19 November 2016 03.00 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close If technology companies have their way, the buzz of a drone will soon be as ubiquitous as the glint of a smartphone screen. Facebook aims to deliver internet access from drones high in the stratosphere, Google wants to drop piping hot food at your door via quadcopter, and Amazon has just patented a shoulder-mounted drone to help police officers. Today’s commercial drones carry lightweight radios and cameras, and pack powerful lithium ion batteries whose flight times last minutes rather than seconds. But that is nothing compared to what could be coming soon. The change that Silicon Valley is working towards, and that many people fear, is drones harnessing the growing power of automation and artificial intelligence. When drones no longer need humans to control them, their usefulness will improve exponentially. How drones are sparking a transport revolution – in pictures Read more Deliveries of small packages, medicines and takeaway food, all of which have already happened, are only the tip of the iceberg. Why put up scaffolding to paint your house when an intelligent drone could do it in a flash? Drones could swarm into agriculture, industry and sports. They could hunt for missing hikers, respond to burglar alarms, and act as mobile speed cameras. Uber thinks that autonomous drones will one day even transport people around cities. What’s holding drones back? Such is the hype. But for every tech company with its head in the clouds, there are problems to bring them back down to earth. “There are big technical challenges,” says Ryan Calo, a law professor at the University of Washington. “There’s a bunch of PhD theses that need to be completed before you can build a drone to autonomously police an area, find intruders, and use facial recognition to know who is meant to be there. Plus, having these things stay aloft beyond a few minutes is non-trivial.” The problems get larger still when you think of a drone having to avoid obstacles: weather, birds, manned aircraft and all the other drones zipping around. Nasa is developing an automatic low altitude air traffic control system called UTM but is not due to complete its research until 2019. Any real-world deployment of such a network is still many years off. In the meantime, there is growing tension between drone enthusiasts who want flying robots filling our skies, and some regulators, pilots, politicians and the public who are less than excited at the prospect. New rules this summer from America’s Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), called Part 107, made it easier for commercial drone users to get airborne but stopped short of giving comprehensive guidance. “Privacy is the biggest unanswered question,” says Arthur Holland Michel, director of the Centre for the Study of the Drone at Bard College, in New York. “The FAA has no hard rules relating to privacy or data collection and use, nor does it have any rules regarding overflights of private property.” While the federal government dithers, some American states and cities have passed their own laws, creating a patchwork of legislation that could frustrate future commercial services. Drones and the transport revolution Read more There is also uncertainty about when or even whether hi-tech operations, including flights without human operators, will be allowed. “At the end of the day, I just don’t know whether or not the FAA has the internal expertise to sign off on some of the more interesting uses,” says Calo. Which country is leading on drones? Little surprise, then, that some of the world’s biggest tech companies are testing their drones elsewhere. Last month, Amazon founder Jeff Bezos told a conference in Seattle: “We’re getting really good cooperation from the British equivalent of the FAA, the CAA [Civil Aviation Authority]. It’s incredible. It’s really cool.” Amazon is developing and testing its Prime Air delivery drones in the fields around Cambridge. Despite the UK’s enthusiasm for Amazon, and similarly permissive test flights elsewhere in Europe, Canada and Australia, “no single country stands out as being aeons ahead of everyone else,” says Holland Michel. “Though they may vary on the details, all countries are grappling with the same concerns. The deciding factor will be how flexible and responsive their regulations are.” Public opinion will also play a role, especially in the use of controversial devices like police drones. Drones are already used by fire services and police forces to carry out aerial surveillance, but Amazon imagines a small personal drone acting as an all-seeing body-cam for the police. Even armed drones are possible. “We are very likely to see drones equipped with less-than-lethal weapons, like sound cannons or tear gas canisters,” says Holland Michel. “The idea of weaponised drones will make a lot of people uncomfortable but if one of these drones saves lives, say by resolving an active shooter situation, that could change minds at both the regulatory and the popular level.” More features Topics Drones (non-military) Transport Transport policy Amazon.com Facebook More… Google Drones (military) Air transport Alphabet E-commerce Internet Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Guardian Sustainable Business › Drones (non-military) Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search the BBC Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Politics Tech selected Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Technology Technology Facebook fake news row: Mark Zuckerberg is a politician now Dave Lee North America technology reporter 19 November 2016 From the section Technology comments Image copyright Getty Images I’ve long suspected that Mark Zuckerberg, who often refers to himself as the “leader” of Facebook, has dreams of high office. This week, a taster of what that might be like has been knocking at his door in the wake of the US election result. While Donald Trump’s visit to the White House was an apparently sobering experience about the level of responsibility he’d soon inherit, Zuckerberg has had a brutal political awakening of his own. Facebook’s “fake news” crisis has had the normally stoic 32-year-old visibly irritated, and that’s because for the first time he is being treated like a politician, rather than just a tech CEO. With that comes distrust and anger, not to mention disloyalty in the Facebook ranks and what for him must be the growing realisation that it’s impossible to please everyone. Whether Zuckerberg was right to say fake news had little impact is largely irrelevant. By dismissing it apparently without second thought as “crazy”, he attracted a global pitchfork of people demanding that he at the very least acknowledge the potential role his empire had in Donald Trump’s election win. That interview, carried out by journalist David Kirkpatrick, also contained one other exchange which should give Zuckerberg some serious food for thought -  and may even represent the biggest threat the network and its leader is yet to face. Checks and balances Kirkpatrick first laid out the context. Facebook, he said, was the most influential commercial enterprise ever created, with unparalleled power that is yet to be fully understood. Zuckerberg himself is a multi-billionaire in charge of a network that has intricate personal data on 1.8 billion people and counting. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mark Zuckerberg often describes himself as the "leader" of Facebook “What are the checks and balances that need to exist for this new kind of entity?” asked Kirkpatrick. “Do you think about that? At the moment it seems like you are the check and balance.” Zuckerberg’s answer didn’t come close to addressing the question. He said it was about “listening to what people want”, and continuing to give people “the power to share” and to make “the world more open and connected”. But is he confident the checks and balances are in place to stop Facebook over-stepping the mark? “I mean… yeah,” he said, peering out into the audience for support. Even though I was watching via a live stream, I could tell the room took an awkward turn. Kirkpatrick moved on - but the issue won’t. The accountability gap The exchange had touched upon a problem that surely deserves more attention. There’s an urgent accountability gap between what technology companies do and what the public is allowed to know. This isn’t about giving up trade secrets. You can inspect KFC’s kitchen without knowing the Colonel’s secret recipe. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The 32-year-old has defended his site over accusations it negatively influenced the election It’s about being able to examine the reach and influence of technology companies, where supremely powerful men, and a few women, are able to control without any genuine scrutiny other than what appears every three months on a company earnings sheet (and even that’s unnecessarily cryptic). Revealing moments like the one Kirkpatrick summoned from the usually robotic Zuckerberg are few and far between. The depressing accepted reality in technology journalism is that if you give a company a hard time, they’ll shut you out. And that’s because many major technology companies guard their work with barbed wire, and wrap their executives in cotton wool. Interactions between big tech and the outside world are orchestrated and engineered to the nth degree. On those rare occasions, even the mildest scrutiny about anything other than the new product being flogged that day is swiftly shot down with tech’s unofficial motto. “Sorry… but that’s not what today is about.” Unprecedented power So what, you might think. So what if technology companies want to keep their affairs to themselves -  it’s not a public service or anything. You might also think that this is a technology journalist throwing his connected toys out of his smart pram -  and for the most part you’d be right, I’m not ashamed to say. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption What do we really know about how Google works? But what Facebook’s challenges over fake news reveal, I think, is that we’re in completely uncharted territory. Never has any private company had such immediate power over the way we act, feel, think, date, buy, fight - whatever. And it’s impossible, if you plan on living in the modern world, to avoid Facebook or Google. Even if you never create a Facebook account, your browsing habits will be logged when you visit pages that contain the Facebook ‘like’ button. Google’s near-$500bn value is made up almost entirely from selling advertising, which is why they’re absolutely everywhere on the internet. It’s the scale that makes the money. How the internal cogs of these sites work is a complete mystery. My colleague Rory Cellan-Jones’ recent radio documentary into Google summarised that its algorithm was so complex that no single person could possibly grasp how it worked. At odds This situation, this imbalance, will surely not be able to last much longer. While technology bosses, Zuckerberg in particular, talk about their “mission” to “connect the world”, we do know that under their watch unacceptable things do take place. Thanks to whistleblowers and investigative journalists, for instance, we know that Google at one time scooped up private wi-fi data from homes as it carried out its Street View trips. We know that Facebook knowingly manipulated News Feeds in an attempt to alter users’ emotions. Image copyright Facebook Image caption Mark Zuckerberg in 2009 talking about Facebook's governance You can see how both of those examples could have seemed harmless -  or at least fascinating - to the engineers involved. But what they demonstrate is that what may seem a bright idea for the tech sites may be directly at odds for what is good for the users themselves. One person in agreement with this is Zuckerberg, in 2009 at least. That was when Facebook was at around 200m users, and he posted a video message (in a shirt and tie!) saying how he wanted users to have a bigger say in how the site is governed. A special section -  FB Site Governance - was set up. Check on it today and you’ll see there have been no significant updates since 2012 - other than to tell people about privacy policy changes. Soft power Zuckerberg’s political ambitions, if he has them, are off to a very rocky start. The fake news row was a big test, and he handled it poorly -  dragging out the issue in the news agenda for well over a week. Had he been thinking like a politician, as he now must, things could have gone differently. The new reality for Zuckerberg is that it’s no longer okay to be an awkward tech nerd. Instead he must deal with his users’ concerns with respect, and not call them “crazy”. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mark Zuckerberg welcomed the Indian prime minister to Facebook's campus last year There’s a lot in it for him to get things right. Zuckerberg’s global ambitions will live or die on his ability to be an astute political operator. He already played a bad hand in India, where local businesses said he was harming their chances online. If Facebook is to hit the potential of connecting the unconnected, Zuckerberg will need to think like a world leader and engage in soft power and openness in order to build, or restore, trust. And he must stop using “increased engagement” as the key metric for Facebook’s success. What’s popular isn’t always good, and what’s good isn’t always popular. Zuckerberg’s record on dealing with controversy has been pretty solid, and there’s of course no suggestion he has any bad intentions with Facebook. But this week has demonstrated that it’s simply no longer enough for Zuckerberg to deny an issue and expect people to blindly take his word for it. Even if he is right, he’ll have to learn how to prove it. Because the message the public appears to have given Zuckerberg, and perhaps all of Silicon Valley, is that when you’re unfathomably powerful, “no comment” is fast becoming not good enough. Follow Dave Lee on Twitter @DaveLeeBBC and on Facebook View comments Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Linkedin More on this story Tech Tent: Truth and hate in an online world 18 November 2016 Students 'solve' Facebook's fake news problem in 36 hours 17 November 2016 Quiz: Can you spot the fake stories? 17 November 2016 Denzel Washington hit by Facebook fake news story on Trump 15 November 2016 More Technology stories Top Stories Hammond aims for 'match fit' UK economy The chancellor tells the BBC he aims to make the UK economy "match fit" for the challenges of Brexit. 20 November 2016 Angela Merkel to stand for fourth term 20 November 2016 Cargo ship hits barge in Storm Angus 20 November 2016 Features Breitbart rising The website that connects Trump and Farage Meeting a mutilator My quarrel with a proud and prolific FGM cutter 'A new religion' The rise of evangelical Christianity among Gypsies Your pictures Readers' stunning images of autumnal scenes 10 things You can get pregnant while already being pregnant Secret porn Does Korea have a problem with hidden cameras? Weekend reads The English football match between black and white players The Crown's mistake Did the Queen stop Princess Margaret marrying a war hero? Popular vote The rise of referendums and their dangers News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit US Election 2016 Tech selected Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2016 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
The Hollywood Reporter THR, Esq. Subscribe exec suite movies tv music tech the business style culture awards video Subscribe Blogs heat vision bastard machine live feed behind the screen esq earshot the race Newsletter THR Social:  Megyn Subscribe Now Never Miss A Story. Sign up for our Newsletters. Daily Edition Login to download November 15, 2016 3:13pm PT by Eriq Gardner Internet Giants Warn of Mass User Terminations If Recent Appellate Ruling Left Untouched Justin Sullivan/Getty Images A 2nd Circuit rehearing is demanded in the MP3Tunes case. The recent appellate decision in the long-running lawsuit brought by record labels and music publishers against MP3Tunes didn't get a tremendous amount of attention, but Google, Facebook, eBay, Twitter and other digital giants are aghast at the result and warning of dire consequences without a do-over. On Oct. 25, the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals gave copyright holders some big victories by narrowing the circumstances whereby internet service providers can claim safe harbor from copyright liability.  MP3Tunes has now filed a motion for a rehearing en banc, and the company is being supported by friends in the tech industry. An amici curiae brief filed Tuesday on behalf of some of the largest online service providers is authored by noted legal scholar and advocate Mark Lemley and points to "three things" that "could be read to require OSPs to act in ways that are socially undesirable and technically infeasible." The first deals with the 2nd Circuit panel's conclusion that MP3Tunes didn't properly implement a repeat-infringer policy. Initially, the headline news here was the conclusion that "repeat infringers" need not be "blatant infringers," but the tech companies are extra worried because the 2nd Circuit wrote that a reasonable jury could have concluded that MP3tunes should have tracked users who repeatedly created links to infringing content or who copied files from those links. In other words, consumers of piracy. "Amici are concerned that some will read this to suggest that OSPs must identify as repeat infringers not only users who repeatedly post infringing content ... but also anyone who interacts with content that is later alleged to be infringing, including those who merely access it or refer to it using a hyperlink," writes Lemley. "That would wreak havoc on the routine practices of OSPs far removed from MP3Tunes. For example, it might require companies like Yahoo!, Google and Pinterest to force their users to log in so they can track their activity and require termination of huge numbers of internet users who have never been accused of copyright infringement." Lemley argues that DMCA takedown notices are standard protocol for figuring out who is an infringer.  "It is entirely different, however, to impose on OSPs an obligation to tally strikes and terminate users merely for having accessed, viewed, or otherwise engaged with content that later might be the subject of a takedown notice," he adds. "That would upend existing practices for responsible OSPs that host user-submitted material. On this view, a repeat infringer would be not just one who serially causes infringing content to be stored on a provider’s system, but potentially anyone who has ever come into contact with that content." The second and third tech objections deal with the 2nd Circuit panel's discussion of "red flag knowledge," meaning an awareness of "facts or circumstances from which infringing activity is apparent." If an internet service provider has "red-flag knowledge," they can be disqualified from safe harbor under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. The appeals court panel suggested that MP3Tunes had the ability to search its sideload.com for MP3s before 2007 when major record labels had not yet authorized songs in MP3 format. Additionally, the appeals court discussed a class of works like Beatles songs that MP3Tunes and its founder Michael Robertson had general knowledge weren't being licensed for online use. Thus, a finding of facts and circumstances supposedly making infringement obvious. The tech companies, though, don't like how "the panel opinion can be read as creating a duty to investigate potential infringement whenever a category of infringing material — rather than specific infringing material — is identified" nor how "general knowledge about authorized distribution channels or even general statements about infringement" can create red-flag knowledge. In short, they prefer the onus be squarely on the shoulders of copyright holders to identify what's copyrighted and what's an infringement. Too many loopholes, they see, although they profess open-mindedness about the ultimate outcome in the MP3Tunes case. "It may well be that MP3Tunes has engaged in conduct that gave it red-flag knowledge," writes Lemley. "Amici express no opinion on that issue. But the Court would avoid great mischief by eliminating language that suggests a copyright owner can create red-flag knowledge merely by saying that their works are 'never authorized.'” Here's the full brief. This one could incite others in the content industry like the MPAA to defend what's been decided. Eriq Gardner eriq.gardner@thr.com eriqgardner Comments comments powered by Disqus The Hollywood Reporter © 2016 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard
null
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 10 things you need to know in markets today Oscar Williams-Grut Nov. 16, 2016, 1:48 AM 388 facebook linkedin twitter email print A man walks through a garden on an autumn day in Srinagar, India November 15, 2016. REUTERS/Danish Ismail Good morning! Here's what you need to know in markets on Wednesday. EU antitrust regulators are set to fine HSBC, JPMorgan, and Credit Agricole by the end of the year for rigging financial benchmarks linked to the euro, two people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday. Reuters reports that charges were levied in May 2014 against the three banks, which denied wrongdoing. The European Commission could penalise HSBC, JPMorgan, and Credit Agricole next month, the people said. The decision has been delayed several times and another hold-up could still occur. Google still plans to open a new UK headquarters building in London, which the BBC reports could create up to 3,000 jobs in the country by 2020. Sundar Pichai, the CEO of Google, told the BBC the company sees "big opportunities" in the UK despite the country's vote to exit the European Union in June. Employment and wage data is coming. UK earnings and job figures for September and October are due at 9.30 a.m. GMT (4.30 a.m. ET). The unemployment rate is forecast to remain steady at 4.9% and wage growth is forecast to be 2.3%, the same as in the prior month. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied for a seventh straight day on Tuesday, clinching another record closing high overnight near 19,000. The rout in the bond market finally paused as traders bought Treasurys, sending yields lower for the first time since last week's election. Japan's Nikkei hit a 9 and a half month high. The Japanese stock market closed up 1.1% at its highest level since February, buoyed by the weak yen helping exporters. Elsewhere in Asia, China's Shanghai Composite is down 0.07% at the time of writing (6.25 a.m. GMT/1.25 a.m. ET) and the Hong Kong Hang Seng is up 0.45%. Saudi Arabia will reveal how much oil it is sitting on as it prepares to sell shares in Saudi Aramco. "This is going to be the most transparent national oil company listing of all time," Khalid al-Falih, Saudi Arabia’s energy minister, told the Financial Times in an interview. Intel will invest more than $250 million (£200 million) to make autonomous driving a reality. Intel wrote in a press release that the investment will be geared toward advancing tech related to connectivity, communication, deep learning, and cybersecurity for cars. Deutsche Bank has shaken up some of its senior ranks in its US investment bank. The firm has promoted Michael Santini to vice chairman of Americas corporate finance and John Anos to cohead of global industrials alongside Richard Sheppard. Senior Morgan Stanley executives collectively earned about $10.5 million (£8.4 million) over the past week by exercising options and selling shares, with most of them profiting from an election-fueled rally in bank stocks, according to securities filings. The executives made the sales after shares of Morgan Stanley, which traded as low as $22 in the last 12 months, reversed course to become the best performing of the six largest US banks so far this year, closing Monday at $39.35. An aggressive tax avoidance scheme used by temp recruitment agencies is depriving the taxpayer of “hundreds of millions” of pounds a year, a Guardian investigation has found. A number of agencies have been making large windfalls by using “contrived” financial arrangements to slash their employer’s national insurance bills. NOW WATCH: These are the watches worn by the smartest and most powerful men in the world Loading video... More: 10 Things Before European Markets Open facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 10 things you need to know in markets today 10 things you need to know in markets today Good morning! Here's what you need to know in... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Smartwatches Review Asus Zenwatch 3 Review: Stylish Midrange Smartwatch by Althea Chang Nov 18, 2016, 3:26 PM Asus ZenWatch 2 The good Good battery life Attractive design Customizable watch faces The bad No heart-rate monitor Lacks GPS Verdict Though it lacks GPS and a heart rate monitor, the affordable Asus Zenwatch 3 sports an attractive design and long battery life. 7/10 Very good $229 Amazon Now in their third generation, smartwatches have become much more refined, but have yet to become a must-wear for your wrist. The Asus Zenwatch 3 is unlikely to reverse that trend. But while the Android Wear-based watch doesn't break any new ground, it's still an attractive timepiece with an endlessly customizable display. At $229, it's also about $100 less than the Apple Watch and other premium smartwatches, and boasts slightly better battery life than the competition. That may be enough to pick one up, if you're willing to give the Android Wear platform a shot. Design The Zenwatch 3 ranks up there with the Moto 360 and the Fossil Q Founder as one of the best-looking smartwatches I've strapped on my wrist. Asus went from a squared-off design on its previous model to a circular face, which makes it looks much more like a traditional timepiece — and one I'm much more likely to wear. The dark Gunmetal bezel of the Zenwatch 3 blends smoothly into its brown leather wristband. Although it measures 45mm in diameter and is 9.95mm thick, the Zenwatch 3's rounded edges make it feel less chunky than either the Moto or the Fossil, which makes it more accessible to anyone with smaller wrists. Credit: Jeremy Lips / Tom's GuideThe face of the Zenwatch 3 has a 1.39-inch, 400 x 400-pixel AMOLED display. On the right of the watch is a crown with a button on either side. You can customize the top button to quick-launch an app or a feature. The center button, which is slightly larger than the other two and has a copper accent, lets you change a number of functions. The bottom button activates Eco mode. Credit: Jeremy Lips / Tom's GuideThe Zenwatch 3 comes in five different styles. Options include a Silver, Gunmetal or Rose Gold case, with white or brown leather straps. Credit: Jeremy Lips / Tom's GuideThe watch can survive 30 minutes in up to 1 meter of water, but given that it has a nice leather strap, I would be loath to take the Zenwatch into the shower or pool. Watch Faces Apart from the design of the watch itself, watch faces are the one area where Android Wear makers can set their product apart from the competition. Asus goes for broke, letting you choose from more than 50 faces split into six categories. It was easy to become lost in all the options. Asus-ZenWatch-3-G06 Asus-ZenWatch-3-G09 Asus-ZenWatch-3-G11 Asus-ZenWatch-3-G01 Asus-ZenWatch-3-G02 Asus-ZenWatch-3-G05 Asus-ZenWatch-3-G04 Asus-ZenWatch-3-G03 Asus-ZenWatch-3-G07 Asus-ZenWatch-3-G08 Asus-ZenWatch-3-G10 If none of these faces appeal, the FaceDesigner app lets you create your own, which can be as tasteful or as garish as you like. You can customize just about everything, from the color of the background, to the style and color of tick marks and hands, to all the subdials and their colors. You can even add little icons if you really want to clutter things up. Zenwatch Manager Asus' Zenwatch Manager app lets you customize the Zenwatch 3's face, install apps, and manage settings. It's an attractive and easy-to-understand interface. The main part of the app shows the face of the watch as it's configured. Any change you make on your phone is instantly reflected on the watch itself. Using the app, you can customize certain aspects of each watch face. For example, the Velocissimo has three subdials, each of which can be changed to show the weather, battery life, daily steps, missed calls and more. You can also change watch faces using the Android Wear app, but it's not as fun to look at. Other Asus Apps include FoneHelper (find my phone, forgot my phone), Asus Weather, Flashlight, SOS and Remote Call control. Remote Camera proved the most interesting: It lets you use the Zenwatch 3's screen as a remote viewfinder, and take pictures by tapping the watch's display. Android Wear Currently, the Zenwatch 3 runs Android Wear 1.5, but it will be compatible with Android Wear 2.0 when that update arrives sometime in 2017. (The Zenwatch 2 will also get this update). Delayed by Google from its scheduled fall 2016 release, Android Wear 2.0 will feature new apps, handwriting recognition, customizable faces and automatic fitness activity recognition, among other things. The current iteration of Android Wear on the Zenwatch 3 proved responsive, but I still have the same issues I've always had with Google's watch OS, primarily involving notifications. Once you swipe away a notification — such as an email or text message — there's no way to get it back. ZenFit Using the Zenwatch 3's 6-axis accelerometer and gyroscope, the ASUS ZenFit app tracks your steps as well as a number of workouts, including running, pushups and situps. The app also reminds you to stand and move if it senses you've been sitting too long. Credit: Jeremy Lips / Tom's Guide However, unlike the Apple Watch and the Huawei Fit, the Zenwatch 3 lacks a heart rate monitor or GPS. I don't consider this a huge loss, though, as I'm unlikely to use it as my primary fitness tracker. I was able to eke out about 28 hours from the Zenwatch 3, which is slightly better than other smartwatches I've tested. Asus' fitness-tracking app, ZenFit, will show your steps, sleep, workout data, and provide workout reminders and insights. It was moderately accurate, counting 500 actual steps at 473. However, it's nowhere near as comprehensive as more established fitness apps, where you can also input food data and connect with friends. My advice? Connect the Zenwatch 3 to Google Fit, and then connect Google Fit to MapMyFitness. Battery Life According to Asus, the Qualcomm Snapdragon Wear 2100 processor in the Zenwatch 3 is 25 percent more efficient than the Snapdragon 400 chips found in previous smartwatches (both from Asus and others), which means you should be able to get through at least a full day on its 340 mAh battery. Eco mode, which turns on airplane mode while disabling touch on the watch, supposedly increases battery life by more than 200 percent. I was able to eke out about 28 hours from the Zenwatch 3, which is slightly better than other smartwatches I've tested, but you'll probably want to recharge the watch every night to make sure you don't run out of juice. Fortunately, the Zenwatch 3's charger — a magnetic charging ring that snaps to the bottom of the watch — is much more compact than the Fossil Q Founder's behemoth pad, and will get the watch to 60 percent charged in just 15 minutes. An optional battery pack will give you an extra 40 percent endurance, but it also will make the watch noticeably thicker. Bottom Line At $230, the Asus Zenwatch 3 is an attractive and relatively affordable smartwatch. However, it lacks a heart rate monitor and GPS, features found on even less expensive devices, such as the Samsung Gear Fit 2. Still, the ease with which you can customize the Zenwatch 3's face, as well as its good battery life, makes it a worthy midrange device. 7/10 Quick Take Get the Asus Zenwatch 3 if youare looking for an affordable smartwatch that lasts a long time on a charge. If you need a heart rate monitor or GPS features, consider the Apple Watch Series 2 instead. $229 Amazon About the author Althea Chang @thealtheachang Althea Chang is senior writer at Tom's Guide covering mobile tech and wearables. Althea was previously a web video producer at CNBC after more than a decade covering business and financial news in print as a reporter and researcher. When she's not wrangling her toddler, she's watching old sci-fi, action and horror movies. Read more Smartwatches Wearables Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Smartwatches forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish 3 comments Your comment Javier3600 Nov 18, 2016, 9:57 PM is it possible to answer calls from the smartwatch? i really want to know this before to buy it. i hope you can answer. 0 BradenP123 Nov 18, 2016, 10:05 PM Would this watch fit a 6in/ 15 cm wrist? 0 BradenP123 Nov 18, 2016, 10:09 PM Yes Javier you can make calls through the smartwatch 0 Comment Firstname Submit Also for wearables Editor's choice Bose QuietComfort 25 10/10 Perfection $299.00 Amazon Editor's choice Garmin Forerunner 225 9/10 Superior $239.99 Amazon Editor's choice V-Moda XS 9/10 Superior $176.99 Amazon The Latest On Tom’s Guide Best Picks 7 mn Best 4K Ultra-HD TVs 2016 Best Picks 2 hr Best Drones 2016 News 19 hr Apple Reportedly Throttling Verizon iPhone 7 (Update: C... Round-Up 1 day Best iOS Games 2016 Deals 1 day The Best Black Friday Tech Deals of 2016 Review 1 day Asus Zenwatch 3 Review: Stylish Midrange Smartwatch Review 1 day Dishonored 2 Review: A Stealthy Masterpiece Best Picks 1 day Best DSLR Cameras 2016 Review 1 day Xperia XZ Review: Battery and Display Impress, Camera D... Best Picks 1 day Best Cameras of 2016 News 1 day The Truth Behind the Google Pixel Account Ban News 1 day DirecTV Streaming Service Launches Nov. 28 Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2016 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Home Telecom Startups Gadgets Contact Skip links Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar Home Telecom Startups Gadgets Contact You Can Now Translate Roman Urdu to English Using Google! 820Shares FacebookTwitterGoogleWhatsappLinkedinPrint Rehan Ahmed 4 days ago Google’s magical little search box is much more than just a way to check if the internet is working or not. You can use it to perform calculations, check currency rates, and translate texts as well, be it in the normal Urdu script or even when written in Roman Urdu. Google Translate has been around for quite a while, letting you translate texts from one language to another. It supports over a hundred languages, including Urdu. However, the lack of Urdu-script keyboards somewhat curtails our ability to translate a piece of text from Urdu to English or from Urdu to any other language. Fortunately, there is a nifty little trick that you can use to get Google to translate Roman Urdu— Urdu words written using English alphabets— in English, or any other language you want to. Apparently, Google has trained its search algorithm to detect Hindi words written in Roman English. Since a lot of words between the two languages are similar, you can use it for Urdu as well. I have tried it out and it worked great for the most part, and almost all of the words I tried to translate gave me a correct result. Here is how you can do it. Translate Roman Urdu to English Simply type the Urdu word you want to translate to English, followed by “in English”. However, this seldom works. If this doesn’t work for you, head over to the next point. You can also achieve the same results with “Translate Hindi to English” term on Google. It will quickly pull up a nice Google Translate box right inside the search results. Write a word in the first box and it will translate it as best as it can for you in the next box. It should be mentioned here that Google should incorporate the same functionality for Urdu as well and not just Hindi as it does here. But given how most phrases in Urdu and Hindi sound the same, it works for most common phrases used in the subcontinent. Knowing Google, it may only be a matter of time before it does so. It also works inside Google’s mobile app: Google was excellent at detecting single words but messed up when translating sentences, or even a couple of words. Nonetheless, it is definitely impressive. It is also one of the best solutions I have found to quickly translating an Urdu word to English without having to search for the word written in Urdu script. 820Shares FacebookTwitterGoogleWhatsappLinkedinPrint Primary Sidebar ProPakistani Viral Stories Pakistan’s Telecom Industry is in Deep Trouble [Part 2] This CCTV Documentary on CPEC is a Must Watch! Pakistan's GDP Projected to Grow More Than 5% in FY17: SBP Report Anti-Virus Software Are Useless, Says Google Security Engineer DebtClock: Every Pakistani is Over Rs. 115k in Debt, Thanks to Government! Mobilink Starts LTE Trials, Warid Customers to Enjoy 3G Trials Dubai Based Group To Acquire Majority Stakes in Hascol Petroleum Latest Today Fake Whatsapp Video Calling Messages Could Expose Your Personal Info: MoIT Yayvo and JazzCash are Launching their Black Friday Sales Early MyGerrys.com Announces up to 85% Discounts from 22nd to 27th Nov Qualcomm & Samsung Reveal the Snapdragon 835 Apple Is Keeping iPhone Call Logs Through iCloud: Security Firm German Pakistan Chamber of Commerce & Industry Inaugurates Its Islamabad Chapter 23 US & Pakistani Universities to Collaborate on Research, Academic Projects Home About Contact Us Privacy Policy © 2016 Copyright Propakistani.pk
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Pixel encryption promised to be stronger, faster JC Torres - Nov 17, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit One of the biggest criticisms of Google’s open mobile platform is security. For some, especially those looking from the iOS camp, Android’s security framework is a joke. That’s not to say that Google hasn’t been working on improving the situation significantly. Especially in its first ever “by Google” smartphone, the Pixel. Now Google briefly explains some of the added security measures implemented for the device, specifically on the rather contentious topic of encryption. While smartphones, both iPhone and Android, have been capable of encrypting their storage for quite a while now, the matter really came to a head this year when Apple was ordered by a court on the FBI’s behalf to unlock the San Bernardino shooter’s iPhone. Since then, encrypting mobile devices has been become a common recommendation to protect one’s self from spying or hacking. In the Pixel, Google implemented file-based encryption or FBE, as opposed to full disk encryption (FDE) that is the most common method used on smartphones. In a nutshell, this means that different files get encrypted and later decrypted with different keys. There are some benefits to this system, as it allows Android to have handle different types of encrypted data at different times. For example, during boot, you can immediately get access to important functionality, like alarms and phones, immediately, without having to wait for the device to be decrypted. But encryption’s promise of security does come at the price of performance. On beefier desktop computers and SSDs, that might be negligible. Not so for smartphones with more meager resources. That is why for the Pixel, Google ditched the industry-standard eCryptFS for a slightly newer encryption feature baked right inside the Linux ext4 filesystem. With this, Google was able to implement file-based encryption with the same speed as full disk encryption. For those not using Pixel smartphones, the new FBE encryption is also available as long as they are running on Android Nougat. The new ext4-based encryption, however, is still too new and is currently only for Pixel owners. SOURCE: Google Tags AndroidEncryptiongoogleGoogle PixelPhonessmartphone Must Read Bits & Bytes 20 Black Friday phone deals: iPhone, Pixel, Galaxy and more Bucking trends, Acura reveals vision of tomorrow’s dashboard Now Alfa Romeo has an SUV, and we have so many questions 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 Latest Headlines GoPro Karma owners given free HERO5 for returning failed drone Nov 20, 2016 Star Wars Battlefront Rogue One DLC unveiled, quadruple XP weekend continues Nov 20, 2016 Overwatch: First Strike graphic novel canceled by Blizzard Nov 20, 2016 Sources: Microsoft and HP will launch consumer Windows 10 phone in 2017 Nov 20, 2016 New Alexa skill has Amazon Echo reading 60,000 recipes Nov 20, 2016 Latest Reviews Review: Funlux Smart Wireless Mini CAM security camera Nov 18, 2016 GPD WIN Review: Mobile Windows 10 for gaming Nov 18, 2016 Review: Logitech Z337 Bold Sound with Bluetooth 2.1 Speaker System Nov 16, 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com What's the Difference Between SEO and SEM? What’s the Difference Between SEO and SEM? Search engine optimization and search engine marketing can be a confusing concept to grasp. Is there even a difference between them [ClickPress, Fri Nov 18 2016] Search engine optimization and search engine marketing can be a confusing concept to grasp. Is there even a difference between them? Both terms are often used interchangeably, which makes matters even worse. It is important to understand the difference between the two terms and that they are different. In this post, I will help clear up this issue with some frequently asked questions that I have heard from others. Download our free on-page SEO template here to help plan and manage your SEO strategy. What is search engine optimization (SEO)? SEO is essentially a component of the larger category, SEM. According to Google’s Knowledge Graph, search engine optimization is “the process of maximizing the number of visitors to a particular website by ensuring that the site appears high on the list of results returned by a search engine.” The SEO industry is continually changing due to the frequent changes made to Google’s algorithm. But, there is one aspect of SEO that stays constant: SEO is made up of On-Page and Off-Page activities. What components does SEO include? As stated above, SEO is comprised of two different activities. On-Page SEO includes: Incorporating selective keyword naturally into title tags, meta descriptions, heading tags, alt text, etc. Blog posts and page copy that is written and optimized with quality Clean and formatting page URLS Optimized page load speed Google authorship incorporated Social sharing integration within your content And much more! Off-Page SEO includes: Creating a high quality, natural backlink profile (aka having other high quality/authoritative sites link to your site naturally) Social sharing signals Social bookmarking (Stumbleupon, Reddit) List goes on here too! What is search engine marketing (SEM)? According to Wikipedia, “Search engine marketing is a form of Internet marketing that involved the promotion of websites by increasing their visibility in search engine results pages (SERPS) through optimization and advertising.” SEM includes SEO tactics, as well as several other search marketing tactics. What components does SEM include? Other than search engine optimization, SEM includes the use of paid search, such as pay per click (PPC) listings and advertisements. Most of the time, SEM strictly includes PPC campaigns and activities, but if you use SEO and paid search, that falls under SEM efforts. What is the main difference of SEO and SEM? The main difference between these two terms is that search engine optimization is simply a component of search engine marketing. As mentioned above, SEM includes components of paid search, such as PPC and also SMM (social media marketing). It is important to note that you should never use the terms SEO and SEM interchangeably, because although they work hand in hand, they are not the same term. Which marketing tactic is better? Many marketers debate whether one is better than the other. As an Inbound Marketer, I would argue that organic SEO is the best approach, but as you can see, true SEM cannot succeed without the use of organic SEO. Additionally, there are many situations where PPC (a component of SEM) makes more sense than SEO. For example, if you are first launching a site and you want immediate visibility, it is a good idea to create a PPC campaign because it takes less time than SEO, but it would be unwise to strictly work with PPC and not even touch search engine optimization. Although organic SEO takes longer to show results, in the end it will be less costly and you will establish a search credibility that you might not establish with PPC. Company: Grabbit Media Contact Name: grabbitmedia Contact Email: grabbitmediait@gmail.com Contact Phone: +92-3322777331 Related website [+] Global news distribution by ClickPress. To manage your News Alerts Subscription, click here. To reach News Alerts subscribers via an Enhanced Distribution, click here. Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 19, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Global Wood Vinegar Market Trends, Size, Share, Growth and Forecast to 2023 Next Next post: How to clean your hard drive? Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Melbourne Moving Company pledges $10,000 to help domestic violence victims this December Emma Has A Dilemma, A New Children’s Book that Teaches Grammar to 4-8 Year Old Children, Hits the Online Market. Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Donald Trump's mock assassination draws ire at Texas high school Wet weather to continue through Thanksgiving George Takei speaks out on Trump, internment terror South Korean prosecutors say leader conspired with her friend Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors The next Big Game thing? Stanford, Cal e-sports teams compete at Cal’s Webb sums it up: ‘It sucks losing to your rival’ Durant goes down, but gets back up Warriors barely survive Bucks, 124-121 Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Dolby opens private cinema test lab on Market Street Trump win could spell the end of FCC net neutrality regulations Fired Wyndham time-share-fraud whistle-blower gets $20 million Pro-Trump bots overwhelmed pro-Clinton messages, researchers say Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Solange, ‘A Seat at the Table’ review The latest from Dear Abby Classical music for the holiday season With “Fantastic Beasts,” Potter formula does the trick again Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Sabra recalls hummus over listeria fears Bar Agricole’s Melissa Reitz out as executive chef, Sriracha-themed Lexus is one hot custom car Revival at the Applewood Inn: The 3-star review that wasn’t Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Ice, Ice Baby: Where to get your skate on How to throw an unforgettable holiday party Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Madeline Hotel and Residences, Telluride Gear Review: Eagle Creek International Carry-On Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Artistic flair radiates through remodeled condo in Gutted Bernal Heights Victorian turned Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow See the Sea Cliff mansion with cliffside hot tub and Golden Gate Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1957 Ford Thunderbird Are smaller, basic trucks even made anymore? An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Get another perspective of the salary issue Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Udacity-offers-tech-job-trials-10624285.php Udacity offers tech job trials New York Times Updated 5:32 pm, Friday, November 18, 2016 Udacity, an online learning startup founded by a pioneer of self-driving cars, is finally taking the wraps off a job trial program it has worked on for the last year with 80 small companies. The program, called Blitz, provides what is essentially a brief contract assignment, much like an internship. Employers tell Udacity the skills they need, and the Mountain View company suggests a single candidate or a few. For the contract assignment, which usually lasts about three months, Udacity takes a fee worth 10 to 20 percent of the worker’s salary. If the person is then hired, Udacity does not collect any other fees, such as a finder’s fee. For small startups, a hiring decision that goes bad can be a time-consuming, costly distraction. “This lets companies ease their way into hiring without the hurdle of making a commitment up front,” said Sebastian Thrun, Udacity’s co-founder and chairman. When Udacity started four years ago, there were predictions it could transform higher education. But in recent years it has homed in on filling the high-tech skills gap. Half a million tech jobs went unfilled last year. By 2020, there will be 1.4 million computer-science-related jobs in the U.S., and only 400,000 computer science graduates to fill them, according to government statistics and think-tank projections. The Blitz initiative and Udacity’s evolution point to the role that nontraditional education organizations might play in addressing the needs of workers and employers in the fast-changing labor market for technology skills. Thrun, a former Stanford professor and Google engineer who led the company’s effort in self-driving cars, said he was also trying to nudge the tech industry’s hiring beyond its elite-college bias. “For every Stanford graduate, there are hundreds of people without that kind of pedigree who can do just as well,” he said. Udacity has 13 job-targeted courses, which it calls nanodegrees, including some to train Web developers, data analysts, machine-learning engineers and Android programmers. Three courses have just been added to cater to hot fields: artificial intelligence, virtual reality and self-driving cars. The nanodegree courses typically cost $200 a month and take three to six months to complete. They are rigorous and come with an unusual payment plan: If you complete a nanodegree course, you get half your money back. Completion rates range from 12 to 25 percent. Acquiring skills is one thing, but landing a job is another. Since Udacity’s nanodegree courses began two years ago, more than 900 graduates have obtained jobs, including more than 20 workers at Google. Miraj Hassanpur, a computer science major at Cal State Sacramento, wanted to be a developer who worked with the Android operating system after he graduated in 2014. “But it was hard to break in,” he said. Hassanpur, 25, got a job at Accenture, a professional services company, where he worked for a year doing programming in the Java computer language for a government client. But he wanted to focus on Android, so he went to Udacity for the Android nanodegree. The degree was created by engineers at Google, where Android was largely developed. Hassanpur began his Blitz trial at a startup in Palo Alto in early 2016 and was hired in April. His compensation — salary and stock — is “definitely better” than what he made at Accenture, he said. The 22-person startup is still under wraps and will not even reveal its name. It is working on artificial intelligence technology for consumers. Hendrik Dahlkamp, a founder and the chief technology officer of this mystery company, called the Udacity program “a very low-risk way of hiring someone. You’re not stuck with the person” if it doesn’t work out. If someone has made it through an Udacity course, he said, it is a sign that person is a self-starter. James Peterson, 22, has a high school degree and completed one year of community college. He has had minimum-wage jobs at McDonald’s and Vince’s Spaghetti Express, a fast-food pasta restaurant in Temecula (Riverside County). Peterson started with a couple of the free courses at Udacity, and then paid for a nanodegree course in Web development that he began in August 2015. It took him five months to complete, and $500 of his $1,000 investment was refunded. He trimmed his hours at the restaurant and spent up to 70 hours a week on the Udacity course. “It was pretty difficult because I had no prior experience,” Peterson said. “All of my free time was on the course.” Within weeks of finishing, Peterson landed a job at Einstein Industries, where he works on websites for physicians. He makes three times what he did before, and this week moved out of his father’s house and into an apartment in San Diego, near his new job. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. WEEKEND WEATHER Wet weather to continue through Thanksgiving Check the latest radar and forecast Latest News SNL mocks in-over-his-head Donald Trump Popular hummus brand recalled over listeria fears SF scrambles to protect sanctuary city status 115 dead as train derails in India; some still trapped Major injuries reported in 4-car crash at Berkeley curve Santa Cruz County deputy shoots, kills man Warriors barely survive Bucks, 124-121 Spike in hate puts Bay Area Muslim students on guard Gold Star family of slain California soldier booed on flight Gold Star dad Khizr Khan rips Trump: 'This isn’t your America' Beastie Boys' memorial park defaced with pro-Trump graffiti SF leaders on hate crimes: ‘The fear in the community is... A look inside Amazon before Black Friday An unlikely store is expected to crush Black Friday For 2nd day, Trump demands apology from 'Hamilton' Trump mock assassination draws ire at high school ‘Unprecedented’: More than 100 million trees dead Wet, windy weather to continue over holiday week Today's Gate Features Abandoned Coca-Cola mansion could become a boutique hotel The 49ers' most disappointing players of 2016 Bo Derek celebrates her 60th birthday, still looks stunning SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored How to add 200GB of storage to your Macbook, minus the bulk These smartphone-controlled lightbulbs change colors with a... Most Popular 1 Garrison Keillor: Life after the election 2 ‘SNL': Alec Baldwin’s Donald Trump is in way over his head 3 Sabra recalls hummus over listeria fears 4 Gold Star family of slain California soldier booed on flight 5 Cute 'polar bear petting dog' video questioned after dog eaten 6 An unlikely type of store is expected to defy the curse... 7 Trump again slams 'Hamilton'; Pence says he wasn't offended 8 Minerva's Sunday Horoscope: 11/16/16 9 Update: Major Injuries Reported In Four-Car Crash At Berkeley... 10 ‘Unprecedented’: More than 100 million trees dead in... View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Package Index Browse packages Package submission List trove classifiers RSS (latest 40 updates) RSS (newest 40 packages) PyPI Tutorial PyPI Security PyPI Support PyPI Bug Reports PyPI Discussion PyPI Developer Info About News Documentation Download Community Foundation Core Development Package Index > dazel > 0.0.25 Not Logged In Login Register Lost Login? Use OpenID Login with Google dazel 0.0.25 Downloads ↓ Run bazel in Docker, in a reproducible and portable container. Run Google’s bazel inside a docker container via a seamless proxy. bazel is awesome at creating fast and reproducible builds on your own development environment. The problem is that it works in an imperfect and non-portable environment. Enter dazel. dazel allows you to create your build environment as a Docker image, either via a Dockerfile or a prebuilt repository. The tool itself is a simple python script that sends the command line arguments directly to bazel inside the container, and maps all of the necessary volumes to make it seamless to you. It uses the ‘docker exec’ command to achieve this, and maps the current directory and the bazel-WORKDIR link directory so that the results appear on the host as if you ran the command locally on the host. It is run the same way you would bazel: dazel build //my/cool/package/...
dazel run //my/cool/package:target
 This was a simple build and run. The command line arguments were sent as-is into the docker container, and the output was run in the same manner inside the container. Running the command for the first time will start the container on it’s own, and it will automatically detect if there is need to rebuild or restart the container (if the Dockerfile is newer than the conatiner). You can configure anything you need through the “.dazelrc” file in the same directory. Take a look at the configuration section for information on how to write one. Installation Dependencies apt-get install python python-pip
apt-get install docker
 Install dazel pip install dazel
 That’s all there is to it. Even bazel is not required! Configuration You can configure dazel in two ways (or combine): * A .dazelrc file in the current directory. * Environment variables with the configuration parameters mentioned below. Note that specific environment variables supercede the values in the .dazelrc file. The possible parameters to set are (with their defaults): # The name of the docker container to run.
DAZEL_INSTANCE_NAME="dazel"

# The name of the dazel image to build or pull.
DAZEL_IMAGE_NAME="dazel"

# The command to run when running the image (the continuous command that will
# hold the container active while we connect to it).
DAZEL_RUN_COMMAND="/bin/bash"

# The path to the Dockerfile to use to build the dazel image.
DAZEL_DOCKERFILE="Dockerfile.dazel"  # in DAZEL_DIRECTORY

# The repository to pull the dazel image from.
DAZEL_REPOSITORY="dazel"

# The directory to build the dazel image in.
DAZEL_DIRECTORY=$PWD

# The command to run inside the container.
# NOTE: You should add flags to the .bazelrc file instead of here, since it is
#       also shared in the volume and it is a much cleaner way.
DAZEL_COMMAND="/bazel/output/bazel"

# Add any additional volumes you want to share between the host and the docker
# container, in the normal "hostdir:dockerdir" format.
# This can be a python iterable, or a comma-separated string.
DAZEL_VOLUMES=[]

# Add any ports you want to publish from the dazel container to the host, in the
# normal "interface:dockerport:hostport" (e.g. "0.0.0.0:80:80").
# This can be useful if you use the "dazel run //my/cool/webserver/target"
# command for example, and need to publish port 80.
DAZEL_PORTS=[]

# The name of the network on which to load all run dependencies and dazel container.
# If you are using a docker-compose.yml file to load the environment, this must
# be the network name to which all of the necessary dependencies are connected.
DAZEL_NETWORK="dazel"

# Add any additional images that you want to run as dependencies and hook up to
# the same docker network as the main container.
# The format is the standard "repository/image:tag", but you can optionally add
# the name of the container to create with "repository/image:tag::container".
# This is useful if you want to add "postgres" or "rabbitmq" for instance, and
# have them run as part of your test environment in a seamless reproducible way.
# This can be a python iterable, or a comma-separated string.
# Note: alternatively, you can use a docker-compose.yml file for dependencies.
DAZEL_RUN_DEPS=[]

# Add a docker-compose.yml file here to use it to load any services you want to
# launch as part of the environment for running bazel.
# This can be a much more complex environment than what is possible using run
# dependencies.
# Note: you can control both the project name and which services to run with the
# variables below.
DAZEL_DOCKER_COMPOSE_FILE=""

# If using a docker-compose.yml file, this will set the COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME
# environment variable and thus the project name.
DAZEL_DOCKER_COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME="dazel"

# If using a docker-compose.yml file, you can specify the services to run in the
# file (and empty string means all services - as in running: docker-compose up).
# This can be a python iterable, or a comma-separated string.
DAZEL_DOCKER_COMPOSE_SERVICES=""

# Whether or not to run in privileged mode (fixes bazel sandboxing issues on some
# systems). Note that this can be a python boolean equivalent, so if setting
# this from the environment, simply set it to an empty string.
DAZEL_DOCKER_RUN_PRIVILEGED=False

# Path to custom .bazelrc file to use when running the bazel commands.
DAZEL_BAZEL_RC_FILE=""
   File Type Py Version Uploaded on Size dazel-0.0.25-py2.py3-none-any.whl (md5) Python Wheel py2.py3 2016-11-19 11KB dazel-0.0.25.tar.gz (md5) Source 2016-11-19 11KB Author: nadir.izr Home Page: https://github.com/nadirizr/dazel Keywords: docker,bazel License: MIT Categories Development Status :: 4 - Beta Intended Audience :: Developers License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License Programming Language :: Python :: 2 Programming Language :: Python :: 2.6 Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7 Programming Language :: Python :: 3 Programming Language :: Python :: 3.2 Programming Language :: Python :: 3.3 Programming Language :: Python :: 3.4 Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules Requires Distributions coverage; extra == 'test' check-manifest; extra == 'dev' Package Index Owner: nadir.izr DOAP record: dazel-0.0.25.xml Website maintained by the Python community Real-time CDN by Fastly / Hosting by Rackspace Object storage by Amazon S3 / Design by Tim Parkin Copyright © 1990-2016, Python Software Foundation Legal Statements
Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux More College students develop a solution to Facebook’s fake news problem Most Read A.V. Club Most Read 1 Screenshot: NBC Posted Nov 20 Kristen Wiig comes home for a funny, political SNL Thanksgiving 2 (Photo: Don Emmert/Getty Images) Posted Nov 19 12 hours later, Donald Trump is still yelling about Hamilton on Twitter 3 Screenshot: YouTube Posted Nov 18 Let’s check in on No Man’s Sky fans, who are out of their goddamned minds 4 Posted Nov 20 Tensions come to a head between co-workers Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Newswire Reviews Video Great Job, Internet! Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Newswire Features Reviews Videos Great Job, Internet! The Latest From Newswire (Photo: Don Emmert/Getty Images) 12 hours later, Donald Trump is still yelling about Hamilton on Twitter Mortal Kombat Hollywood is putting another quarter in the Mortal Kombat movie franchise The Latest From Features Tensions come to a head between co-workers Gene, Zeke, Jocelyn, Tammy (Image: Fox) Let a double serving of Bob’s Burgers warm you up for Thanksgiving The Latest From Reviews B Bruno Mars (Photo: Kai Z Peng) Bruno Mars takes homage-pop to the next level on the escapist 24K Magic B Colin Quinn (Photo: Chris Owyoung/Netflix) In The New York Story, Colin Quinn looks to stereotypes for wisdom—and finds some The Latest From Videos Aparna Nancherla rates the excuses of less dependable comedians   America’s best tiki bartender shows us how to make his signature drink   The Latest From Great Job, Internet! Screenshot: YouTube Midnight, the stars, and Pence: Did The Shining predict Trump’s win? Watch the Harlem Globetrotters do some great Harlem Globetrotters-y shit All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Facebook Twitter Tumblr AUX Newswire College students develop a solution to Facebook’s fake news problem By William Hughes Nov 18, 2016 4:10 PM (Photo: NurPhoto/Getty Images) (Photo: NurPhoto/Getty Images) Share Tweet “Fake news” has become a popular bête noir in the aftermath of the 2016 election, with numerous people blaming the wide spread of online disinformation for playing a part in Donald Trump’s surprise victory last Tuesday. And while Google and Facebook have both moved to cut ad revenue to fake news sites—despite Mark Zuckerberg’s assertion that claims that false information on Facebook impacted the election are “a pretty crazy idea”—the problem is far from solved. A team of college students are looking to change that, though, with The Washington Post reporting on the work of Nabanita De, a masters student at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst. Working with a team at a Princeton University hackathon, De has developed FiB, a Chrome extension that checks the credibility and reliability of articles posted on Facebook, and labels them either “verified” or “non-verified.” It also provides users with a list of more credible sources for non-verified information. Google named the extension its “Best Moonshot” at the jam, but neither the search engine company nor Facebook have reached out to De about making the extension more official. It’s not clear whether that’s because both companies are working on their own solutions to the problem, as promised, or if they just don’t think telling people the stories they’re consuming are blatant lies will do much good in a “post-truth” world. Either way, FiB has been released by De and her teammates as an open-source project, available to all. (At least, once the crushing demand abates and it’s available to download again.) Send your Newswire tips to tips@avclub.com Share Tweet Filed Under: AUX, Facebook, Google More Newswire Previous Newswire AMC considers raising ticket prices on big-budget blockbusters Next Newswire Get Involved, Internet: Help Shelley Duvall get back on her feet WATCH VIDEO FROM THE A.V. CLUB Don't miss a story—follow The A.V. Club on: Can't see comments? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. More Newswire 12 hours later, Donald Trump is still yelling about Hamilton on Twitter Nov 19, 2016 7:59 PM Hollywood is putting another quarter in the Mortal Kombat movie franchise Nov 19, 2016 5:19 PM Come, sonny boy: It’s time for this year’s Bad Sex In Fiction nominees Nov 19, 2016 3:57 PM Wyatt Cenac is giving away a politically charged stand-up EP Nov 19, 2016 2:46 PM A.V. Club Most Read 1 Screenshot: NBC Posted Nov 20 Kristen Wiig comes home for a funny, political SNL Thanksgiving 2 (Photo: Don Emmert/Getty Images) Posted Nov 19 12 hours later, Donald Trump is still yelling about Hamilton on Twitter 3 Screenshot: YouTube Posted Nov 18 Let’s check in on No Man’s Sky fans, who are out of their goddamned minds 4 Posted Nov 20 Tensions come to a head between co-workers Sign up for news Daily Newsletter Highlights from The A.V. Club What's On Tonight A daily update on the world of TV Submit Links and such All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Contests RSS About Us Contact Advertise Jobs Privacy Policy Our Partners Hitfix Mental Floss Oh My Rockness Uproxx Upworthy Vice © Copyright 2016 Onion Inc. All Rights Reserved.  
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Mi Mix now subjected to drop tests: Has Xiaomi given a resistive smartphone? Did the Xiaomi Mi Mix survive and operate after JerryRig's drop tests? Rahul R November 20, 2016 13:00 IST Mi Mix now subjected to drop tests: Has Xiaomi given a resistive smartphone?Hugo Barra via Twitter After Xiaomi's recent bezel-less smartphone, the Mi Mix was subjected to reliable tester JerryRig's durability and scratch-tests; the phone came out as a winner in these tests; it is now the turn of the handset to undergo drop tests. Will the bezel-less Mi Mix at least survive JerryRig's latest drop test is the thousand dollar question at this point in time. Check out below and find out how the Xiaomi Mi Mix performed in JerryRig's drop tests (YouTube video embedded at the end): Why advertise with us? Related Xiaomi gets taken to court in China by user of Mi 5S Plus Lenovo overtakes Micromax as second biggest smartphone-maker: IDC Firstly, JerryRig takes a fully-working Xiaomi Mi Mix handset as the host. Other competing phone susch as the Google Pixel and the Apple iPhone 7 are also considered as reference objects in the drop tests. The actual drop Now, the actual drop test begins, JerryRig drops the Xiaomi Mi Mix bezel-less phone from a height of 6 inches (15 cms). The ceramic rear of the phone is the part that hits the ground. After the handset is dropped, there are no visible scratches/marks on the ceramic rear end. The front also remains intact. Drop from a greater height After the above test, the Xiaomi Mi Mix is dropped form a height of 1 feet (30 cms). Now, the phone falls on the ceramic and somersaults (after it hits the concrete ground) to land on the front. Like before, no scratches/marks are observed. The layman test scenario After the above tests, JerryRig turns a layman and drops the phone while sitting on a bench. Here, the height of the drop is 2 feet (60 cms). This scenario is very common as people tend to drop their devices absent-mindedly while getting up from a sitting posture. Upon being dropped, the Mi Mix lands on its face after the top corner hits the ground. After this test, the ceramic coating gets chipped off in a small way, along with two big cracks being formed on the screen. Nonetheless, the Xiaomi Mi Mix is still working; without an attractive corner area that is. Inference JerryRig's durability tests conducted on the Xiaomi Mi Mix indicate that the phone's outer part and the screen could get permanently disfigured even after a fall from 2 feet which does not represent a great height. An outer case for the smartphone should do a world of good for buyers. Also read Xiaomi Mi 3W, Mi 4 get Android Nougat update via CyanogenMod CM 14.1 custom ROM Mi Band 2, Mi Power Bank and other Xiaomi accessories available offline: Where to buy Post Comment IBT TV Close Black Friday: A quick history Why advertise with us? Latest News Update OnePlus One with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod CM 14.1 custom ROM 4 hours ago By Rohit KVN Apple iPhone 8 series tipped to boast upgraded dual-lens camera 7 hours ago By Rohit KVN Editor's Pick International Men's Day: The 10 Sexiest Men Alive of 2016 Is the iconic commercial aircraft Boeing 747 being retired? Why advertise with us? most popular When will Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus get Android 7.0 Nougat update? Motorola has revealed the list of devices that will receive the Android 7.0 Nougat, and it includes Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus. Moto Z and Moto Z on Verizon receive Android Nougat OS update; Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus to follow suit You are in luck if you are a Moto Z and Moto Z Force owner in the US having subscribed to Verizon. Reliance Jio vs RCom: Unlimited calls, free national roaming, 4G data bundles drive competition RCom and Jio have started a tough war in the telecom industry. Android 7.0 Nougat development for Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Tab S2 begins Samsung will end the beta test of Android 7.0 Nougat by mid-December, hinting its official roll out would begin soon. HP tipped to launch new Windows 10 handset with Microsoft Lumia phone features Microsoft is reportedly to offering Nokia Lumia's display and camera technology to build HP's new Windows 10 Mobile OS-powered phone. Pokemon Go Gen 2 rumored to surface on December 7 An employee of Starbucks is rumoured to have leaked an internal memo that contains references to the release date of Pokemon Go Gen 2. Mark your calendar to officially witness Nokia Android phones in 2017 The new smartphones would be Android powered devices, which would be a first for Nokia as a brand. Lenovo to launch K6 series in India soon, hints teaser Lenovo is expected to either launch K6 Power or K6 Note in India in coming weeks. Photo Gallery Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch. Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
null
null
null
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Airtel Open Network: Will it address call drops or is it just a marketing gimmick? By Naina Khedekar 39   Comments Airtel offers 3G/4G data at Rs 51 per GB in special scheme to check Reliance Jio effect 12   Comments Twitter testing in-line Subscribe button for Android app By Nimish Sawant 2   Comments WhatsApp to withdraw support for Symbian and BlackBerry devices from 31 December By Aditya Madanapalle 2   Comments 5 reasons President-elect Donald Trump may impact Tesla CEO Elon Musk’s SpaceX 1   Comments more from #Internet China calls for more strict regulations on the internet citing terrorism and fake news Mark Zuckerberg challenges APEC countries to connect everyone with Internet for economic gains Elon Musk lead SpaceX submits request with US for satellite based global internet network Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> China calls for more strict regulations on the internet citing terrorism and fake news #Internet Image: Reuters 0   20 Nov 2016 , 11:51 China’s ambitions to tighten up regulation of the Internet have found a second wind in old fears – terrorism and fake news. Chinese officials and business leaders speaking at the third World Internet Conference held in Wuzhen last week called for more rigid cyber governance, pointing to the ability of militants to organise online and the spread of false news items during the recent U.S. election as signs cyberspace had become dangerous and unwieldy. Ren Xianling, the vice minister of China’s top internet authority, said on Thursday that the process was akin to “installing brakes on a car before driving on the road”. Ren, number two at the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), recommended using identification systems for netizens who post fake news and rumours, so they could “reward and punish” them. The comments come as U.S. social networks Facebook Inc and Twitter Inc face a backlash over their role in the spread of false and malicious information generated by users, which some say helped sway the U.S. presidential election in favour of Republican candidate Donald Trump. Over the last year, China has formalised a series of internet controls, including a controversial cybersecurity law passed earlier this month, rules that overseas business groups say could block foreign firms from the market. Some fear such controls could, however, hinder the growth and innovation that is boosting Chinese influence in global tech. The Wuzhen conference, held annually in the picturesque town outside Shanghai, gave a glimpse of China’s tougher new stance; in past years attendees were given unfettered access to websites normally blocked by China’s ‘Great Firewall’, including Google and Facebook, but not this year. President Xi Jinping addressed the conference in a short video speech on Wednesday, repeating calls to respect “cyber sovereignty” – the imposition of government controls over cyberspace within China’s borders. Cyber sovereignty is seen as a direct challenge to the U.S.-led view, which encourages non-government stakeholders to take the lead in governing specific internet industries. “The value of the internet comes from its flexibility,” said Jared Ragland, senior director of policy for the Asia-Pacific region at software lobbyist group BSA. “We don’t think it would be helpful to start treating it like a public utility that can be walled off behind borders.” Critical Infrastructure China’s new cyber law, which comes into effect in June next year, has sparked concerns of heavy-handed surveillance and local data storage requirements. China’s internet regulator says the law does not target foreign firms and is designed to mitigate cyber terrorism threats to “critical infrastructure”. UN officials attending the conference are also currently weighing the possibility of a multilateral cyber-terrorism treaty, though a stalemate over the definition of cyber-terrorism has hampered efforts, a UN officer told Reuters.Despite the recent regulatory chill, several leading foreign tech firms joined the conference, including representatives from Facebook, International Business Machines Corp, Qualcomm Inc and Tesla Motors Inc. On Thursday, Reid Hoffman, chairman and co-founder of LinkedIn Corp, a professional networking site, praised China’s “hustle” and “pragmatism” in a speech on digital globalisation. The following day, regulators ruled to block the company’s site in Russia, a country that also champions cyber sovereignty. China’s top tech firms also rallied behind Beijing at the event, lending support for the recent cybersecurity regulations and pointing to the role of social media in Trump’s election as a cautionary tale in the fight against fake news. Ma Huateng, the chairman and chief executive of Tencent Holdings Ltd, which oversees China’s most popular social networking app, WeChat, said Trump’s win sent an “alarm” to the global community about the dangers of fake news, a view echoed by other executives at the event. “(Trump’s popularity) reinforces wariness about how much freedom should be allowed in the use of the internet in China,” says Jingdong Yuan, an associate professor at Sydney University specialising in Asia-Pacific Security. Controls can have downsides for innovation, however. Baidu Inc, which held the first public trial of its autonomous cars in Wuzhen, has met with roadblocks due to recent restrictions on autonomous vehicles. “In China a few months back they just have a new regulation that banned the testing on highways, so we only do it in the streets now,” said Wang Jing, the vice president in charge of Baidu’s autonomous driving unit. “I don’t know why.” “If you (regulators) want to have this kind of driving in China early on then you’ve got to support us,” said Wang. Reuters Tags: China, Cyberspace Administration of China, Donald Trump, fake news, Great Firewall, Internet, law, Ren Xianling, Strict Regulations, Terrorism Also read Elon Musk lead SpaceX submits request with US for satellite based global internet network Mark Zuckerberg challenges APEC countries to connect everyone with Internet for economic gains X Recommended For You Mark Zuckerberg challenges APEC countries to connect everyone with Internet for economic gains Elon Musk lead SpaceX submits request with US for satellite based global internet network China-India Internet Market Comparative Report: India is world’s fastest growing internet market Online abuse and harassment continue to remain a grave issue according to “Freedom on the Net 2016” Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #cybercrime Nov 20, 2016 More than 55 percent millennials have been hit by cybercrime in India: Norton by Symantec #Weather Forecasts Nov 20, 2016 US to launch a new weather satellite that will ‘revolutionize’ forecasts #NSA Nov 20, 2016 US intelligence community recommends removal of Admiral Michael Rogers, current Director of NSA #Facebook Nov 20, 2016 Facebook CEO announces steps to counter fake news on the social network #Odisha government Nov 20, 2016 Odisha government orders mineral carying trucks to be equipped with GPS trackers from December 28 SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
